COVID-19 restrictions have adversely impacted live concerts and performances of musical artists across the world. While some artists have posted free online performances for fans to enjoy during quarantine, select music industries have taken the opportunity to develop new methods of delivering virtual entertainment. Amid the success of South Korean measures taken to abate the spread of COVID-19, the Korean music industry and K-pop fans alike have mobilized to keep the art of the performance at the center of K-pop.

Many performance adaptations provide alternative forms of entertainment amid COVID-19 restrictions without necessarily carving out a market share beyond COVID. Hyundai, for example, hosted a three-day Stage X Drive-In concert in Seoul in late May 2020. Even though attendees were required to stay in their vehicles, all attendees wore masks and had temperature screenings before entering the park. With limited interaction between artists and attendees possible, attendees participated by connecting to the FM station in their cars, waving lights, and turning on their vehicle hazard lights.

Other adaptations to live performances, however, seem better suited to continued use beyond COVID-19 restrictions, and K-pop has capitalized on this opportunity better than any other music industry. BigHit Entertainment and SM Entertainment, perhaps the two most successful entertainment companies in K-pop, have each developed their own approaches to capture K-pop hungry fans during COVID lockdowns. These same strategies showcase great potential for longer-term growth of the industry beyond COVID.

BTS, not only one of the most-well known K-pop groups but perhaps one of the most popular musical groups in the world, postponed their 2020 “Map of the Soul” tour due to the COVID-19 outbreak. BTS first participated in a free, online event called “Bang Bang Con” in April, drawing over 50 million fans. BTS then hosted “Bang Bang Con: The Live” in June, a 90-minute online concert featuring the group’s seven members. Tickets for the concert were available for purchase on Weverse, a Korean mobile app created by BigHit Entertainment, BTS’ label. The event sold 756,600 tickets, making “Bang Bang Con: The Live” the biggest audience for a virtual paid concert to date with an estimated profit of nearly $20 million.

SM Entertainment, home to popular groups such as EXO and Red Velvet, created “Beyond LIVE,” the self-proclaimed “world’s first ‘Online Customized Paid Concert.’” Beyond LIVE does more than just stream online performances of favorite K-pop idols, including extremely popular groups such as NCT 127 and Super Junior. Performances combine augmented reality (AR) technology with 3D graphics and interactive, live video calls between fans and artists. Typical K-pop performance merchandise, including fanlights, are even synced in real time with the concert. As SM states, “’Beyond LIVE’ is a new form of online concert that captured the global fans and was acclaimed for opening a new era of performance culture that transcends the existing online streamed format of offline concerts through technology.”

Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month.

Although big labels have the advantage in this space, individual artists and fans have also participated in online or “guerilla” concerts. Hyundai Card, known for its interest in the entertainment industry, has facilitated both fan-driven and artist-focused online concerts. Supermarket Concerts, broadcast live on social media from April 19-23, featured Korean artists staging surprise concerts at unannounced outdoors venues across Seoul. Fan-made Live, Hyundai Card’s second major online event, was broadcast live on YouTube and Instagram throughout May and June. Fans submitted requests to several K-pop artists on social media platforms for specific songs, for the artists to wear a certain outfit or include specific gestures in their live streamed performance. Fan comments were then incorporated into the uploaded clips following the event. Virtual performances featuring fan requests are an evolved embodiment of the interaction between fan and artists prevalent throughout K-pop. Further integrating this new trend into the online presence and offerings of K-pop groups is not only plausible, but another avenue to build an artist’s brands.

Although COVID-19 restrictions brought live, in-person concerts to a standstill, K-pop — from entertainment companies, individuals artists to the fans themselves — have rallied to create new spaces for performance. The development of virtual concerts has not only allowed K-pop to maintain performance as a staple of the genre, but may prove to continue to push the global music industry forward in unexpected ways, as K-pop has done from its onset.K-pop stocks are rapidly bouncing back from pandemic lows as investors are increasingly buying the stocks on the rosy outlook for further expansion of K-pop fandoms and new business models. 



The nation’s top three labels -- S.M. Entertainment, YG Entertainment and JYP Entertainment -- are leading the upbeat mood, while excitement is also building up for Big Hit Entertainment’s planned stock debut possibly later this year.



Their stocks suffered their worst fall in March when concerts and tours -- key sources of profits -- were canceled or postponed amid the coronavirus pandemic. But in recent weeks the prices have almost doubled, recovering nearly all of the pandemic losses.



“Albums are seriously selling a bit too much this year,” said Lee Ki-hoon, an analyst at Hana Financial Investment and Securities, citing record sales of K-pop albums this year. 



“K-pop’s growing popularity overseas, especially in North America and Europe, is driving up the overall sales as well as bulk-buying among organized fandoms.” 



According to Gaon Chart, the nation’s top 100 albums -- all from K-pop bands or soloists -- sold 16.89 million copies in the first half of this year, about 50 percent jump from last year. The top 10 album sales alone exceeded 10 million copies, including five million-sellers -- BTS, Seventeen, Baekhyun, NCT 127 and IZ*ONE.



Pandemic losses recovered 



S.M., the largest among the three listed firms in terms of revenue, saw its share price soar from 16,350 won ($13.70) on March 27 to 30,400 won at Wednesday’s close. 



Its partnership with Naver, in particular, was received positively in the market. Their virtual concert series “Beyond Live” have so far reaped around 13.2 billion won in ticket sales and over 400,000 viewers since the launch on April 26. 



Naver is also reportedly seeking to invest an estimated 100 billion won in S.M. If everything proceeds as planned, it could further boost the label’s valuation. 



“More opportunities are expected to come for S.M. to join hands with local and global platform operators. Increased album sales and new concert models (Beyond Live) also affect its valuation positively,” said Nam Hyo-ji, an analyst at KTB Investment and Securities.



YG, hit hard by last year’s drug and sex bribery scandal, enjoyed the biggest jump among the top three over the past months largely on the strong comeback of Blackpink. 



The share hit a 52-week high of 42,520 won last month upon the release of the band’s new single “How You Like That” on June 26. The stock closed at 40,400 won on Wednesday, more than doubled from March.



Analysts say YG shares could get another boost when Blackpink releases its first full-length album in October, along with the much-anticipated debut of boy band Treasure next week, the label’s first debut in four years. 



“With the flow of new music, if the pandemic eases and Korea’s relations with China improves, of which we had seen some hopeful signs, we can expect to see historic share prices of YG,” Lee, the Hana analyst added. 



Back in 2017, YG, which had been pouring resources into the burgeoning Chinese market, was one of the hardest-hit K-pop labels by Seoul’s diplomatic row with Beijing over the deployment of a US missile shield here. 





JYP’s shares have also surged, with its market cap exceeding 1 trillion won just last week to outpace the valuation of its crosstown rivals S.M. and YG. 



The reason behind the stunning growth is undoubtedly its new Japanese girl group NiziU. On the day of the band’s pre-debut single’s release last month, the share soared more than 10 percent. 



JYP, which has already seen a huge success in Japan with Twice, is expected to continue to make a big push in the neighboring country that makes up almost 60 percent of K-pop export.



“JYP has proved the business potential of exporting the unique K-pop training system to overseas,” said Ji In-hae, an analyst at Hanwha Asset Management.



“In whatever country with however singer, making a profit in a year is almost impossible especially amid the ongoing pandemic.”



New boon for expansion 



It’s not to say all short-term risks are gone for K-pop stocks; cancellation of world tours would likely lead to temporary sluggish growth in profits and uncertainty always exists in a people-intensive business. But many analysts are hopeful on the future of K-pop business, calling Big Hit’s IPO a new boon for growth.



Big Hit, the label behind global sensation BTS, recorded 98.7 billion won in operating profit last year, outpacing those of the three listed rivals. Its IPO valuation is estimated to be priced at 4 trillion won to 6 trillion won, despite some overpricing concerns. 



BTS, the biggest boy band in history, may be making up much of the profits, but the label has acquired several smaller labels in recent years including Pledis Entertainment and Source Music, as part of efforts to diversify profit sources as well as planning to debut new groups. 



“Except for the repercussions from the pandemic, everything else has been going well and even better than before in the K-pop industry,” said Ji. 



“When Big Hit goes public, at a reasonable price, it won’t take away all the pieces of the pie as some might fear but rather expand the pie’s size.” 





By Kwon Yae-rim (kyr@heraldcorp.com)illions of dollars in donations. Viral hashtag domination. Ticket interference at Trump rallies. These might sound like the actions of a highly-coordinated political or philanthropic campaign. In reality, it’s the work of a broad coalition of K-pop fans. Over the past few months, the power of K-pop fans to make their values known has become a hot topic of media conversation.

But for those who have been paying close attention, the impact of K-pop’s fans on our present political discourse should not come as a surprise. Accustomed to mobilizing quickly online, and often holding progressive values, fans of K-pop groups like BTS, Stray Kids, Monsta X and Loona are uniquely prepared to organize and succeed in their choices of online activism. They have been known to deploy their influence over the years in the service of causes ranging from human rights campaigns to education programs, often in the names of the idols they support.

The millions of supporters of different groups, both within the U.S. and beyond, are hardly a demographic or political monolith, however.

“K-pop fans aren’t just K-pop fans. It’s not a binary; that’s dehumanizing,” says Tamar Herman, a pop correspondent for and author of the upcoming book . “It’s not just K-pop fans who are doing this. It’s Black people who are K-pop fans who are doing this, it’s allies who want to support Black Lives Matter who are K-pop fans who are doing this.”

K-pop fandoms have made headlines for internal challenges of their own to overcome too, including instances of anti-Blackness and widely-discussed cultural appropriation by idols, which have recently become increasingly central parts of K-pop community conversations.

Yet this specific, varied coalition, under the K-pop label and using fandom tactics, has caught the attention of everyone from Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to President Donald Trump for their savvy organizing. Here’s how they’ve made waves, using a mix of organic chatter and coordinated efforts that has resulted in notable impact.

“I really don’t believe that being a K-pop fan is something that inherently makes you a social activist,” says Sahia S., Twitter user @s4hia, a K-pop fan who primarily supports the 12-member girl group Loona. Still, it’s a community that perhaps is more receptive to engaging with political discussion and more prepared to be vocal about support.

“The K-pop fandom culture has developed into a mostly respectful environment where fans can educate and communicate with each other,” says Krista Feind, Twitter user @neokr1sta27, who actively shares K-pop content online. “A lot of K-pop fans are from minority groups—Black, Latino, LGBTQ—and social media is a place for them to connect with other people who have had similar experiences. I believe that the sense of community in the K-pop fandom encourages us to stand up for each other’s rights, such as for BLM [Black Lives Matter].”

But they caution that fandoms do not move as a unit, and activism is more a reflection of the population’s varied demographics and general size than a binding view that unites all fans, who span far and wide globally, well beyond Korea. At the same time, the qualities that draw many K-pop fans to the genre also tend to align with more progressive causes. That self-love and social consciousness are topics often repeated in K-pop lyrics only reinforces this alignment.

“It’s not that K-pop fans are proven to be more liberal, necessarily,” Herman says, “But if you’re a K-pop fan who’s not Korean, it’s innately a sociopolitical thing for you to be engaging with K-pop and Korean entertainment, because it’s something that’s not fed to you by your country’s media.” A non-Korean K-pop fan must also have an innate willingness to work to understand another language, to learn about another culture and to support a genre that is often trivialized. Those qualities can translate to an interest in supporting Black Lives Matter and opposing Trump, especially as the 2020 election looms and these topics become top of mind to potential new U.S. voters. Still, “why are you so surprised that humans are acting like other humans?” Herman asks. They just happen to have the social media savvy to turn their opinions into viral topics.

While K-pop fans congregate and are significant contributors on pretty much every social media platform, including Instagram, Twitter, Tumblr, Reddit, Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Discord and Twitch, Twitter is one of the most visible—and therefore most popular—places for fans to find solidarity and make their opinions seen and heard. Fans are used to making select hashtags trend globally rapidly, whether it’s to celebrate an idol’s birthday or give an album release a boost. BTS fans, for instance, have set many records for the total number of Tweets they send and subjects they get trending. The other major action K-pop fans take on Twitter is sharing “fancams,” video and photo compilations of a certain idol or group.

So it made sense that K-pop supporters who are in favor of the Black Lives Matter movement would make that known, too. At the end of May, K-pop supporters flooded a police scanner app for Dallas, TX with fancams after the police department asked citizens to submit videos of protest activity. Effectively, this shut down the app’s ability, rendering it useless for the Dallas police’s intended purpose of identifying protesters. (In a tweet, they cited “technical difficulties.”)

This block of the police was a grassroots, collective effort that grew organically, and went on to include “spamming” hashtags with further fancams, memes and videos, including the #WhiteLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter tags that directly combated the ethos of Black Lives Matter. The movement swelled quickly. “It didn’t seem to me like a fanbase thing. It was just one person who had this idea, maybe a few,” Herman says. That was all it took. “K-pop fans are really good at mobilizing to get what they want, whether it’s streaming or album sales or ticket sales. And you can use that power for other things.”

“Most of what I’ve done is spamming racist, inaccurate, ignorant hashtags with K-pop photos or videos so that people can’t spread hate or false info via trending tags,” Feind says. None of this was directly encouraged or spoken about by the K-pop idols themselves.

And not all fans were in favor of this kind of activism; Sahia chose to abstain from the hashtag spam because she says she felt it turned the hashtags into trending topics that shifted attention away from the “real issue,” she says. “Honestly? I found the fancam situation counterproductive. I mean, there were good intentions, but I feel like that same energy could’ve been put into raising more awareness for the actual Black Lives Matter movement.” She says she did, however, support jamming the police scanner app.

Collectively, these efforts made their own type of statements, and served as a lesson in the potential of redirecting social media.

Fandom is inherently a competition: a group’s supporters want their favored idols to have the most streams, the most tickets sold, the most video views. That competition ends up bleeding into other fandom actions, too, including charitable giving. The gamification of the process is a win-win: groups’ names become associated with philanthropic efforts, organizations receive monetary support and good press, and fandoms channel their love of a musician into something meaningful.

In June, the BTS ARMY reportedly collectively raised over $1 million for Black Lives Matter, matching BTS’s own $1 million donation, which Big Hit Entertainment confirmed to . This particular effort was organized by One in an ARMY, a fan group that regularly coordinates charitable efforts by the mighty ARMY; they confirmed their fundraising to the New York

“Donations exist in K-pop fandoms for a reason. K-pop fans will try to outdo each other,” Herman says: they will even call up charities to see which other fandoms have donated, and try to one-up the latest efforts in the name of their favorites. “It’s comical, because it’s so good and so charitable. I wouldn’t say that the competitive element makes things happen, but it enhances the way things happen.” Herman notes that it doesn’t diminish the power or authenticity of the donations: money to a good cause is money to a good cause. But the side effects are effective publicity.

And then there was the Trump rally. Trump spokespeople claimed as many as 1 million ticket requests were received for the June Tulsa, Okla. rally for the president. But ultimately the in-person attendance was just a little over 6,000. Thanks to Trump’s well-known focus on crowd sizes, this specific fact became a subject of satire from high-profile comedians like Stephen Colbert.

Headlines reported that “K-pop fans and TikTok teens” were responsible for the prank, which some individual fans that TIME spoke with, like Feind, corroborated. “I’ve also participated in a few TikTok-related events, like signing up for tickets for political rallies,” she says, including the Tulsa event that made headlines and another Trump rally that was supposed to happen in New Hampshire. It’s difficult to trace the movement, however: posts in advance of the Tulsa rally, circulated mainly on TikTok, were strategically deleted to ensure the guerrilla nature of the campaign, and concerns about COVID-19 may have further reduced ticket holder desire to show up. One woman, affectionately dubbed “TikTok grandma” by fans, also urged a similar message and found viral fame. But either way, many commentators were quick to pin it on fandoms and social media.

Read More: The Mastermind Behind BTS Opens Up About Making a K-Pop Juggernaut

Feind says she discovered the plan mostly via the app’s “For You” feature, which surfaces videos that users may be interested in. Publicly, some K-pop supporters began to take credit for the results. After the ticket trolling, Trump campaign manager Brad Parscale suggested there were “radical protestors” involved, although on-the-ground media reported mostly peaceful protests.

“Kpop allies, we see an appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice too,” Rep. Ocasio-Cortez tweeted in response.

Ticketing was an appropriate match for the skillset of K-pop supporters. Concerts can sell out within minutes, so fans have a number of tactics to make sure they snag the tickets they want, like setting up extra email accounts to maximize their chances. “Fans who are used to getting tickets know exactly how to get a ticket,” Herman says. It was the “most natural, inadvertent organizing” that could happen, popularized by pre-existing casual networks of communication that weren’t tied to any official channels or big fan accounts. The Loona fan, Sahia, sees it as a “humorous hive mind mentality that you can find at times,” coupled with fans “using that dedication and energy and persistence they have for their artists into making a statement.”

Now, according to Feind, some fans are continuing with their interference with the Trump team by filling up online shopping baskets at Trump’s website with merchandise they’ll never purchase.

But it’s not necessarily a partisan effort, Herman says. It’s hard to predict if this means there will be mass activation in favor of any specific other candidate. “I don’t think K-pop fans were thinking they were ‘allies’ by messing with Trump. They were just like, Trump is Trump.” Herman and the Twitter fans caution against over-romanticizing what the K-pop support may look like when it comes down to voting, however.

The silence of the idols

Historically, K-pop idols don’t weigh in on politics, national or international. “Americans are in pretty much the most politicized country in the world. Our elections take forever, and it’s not a surprise when entertainers come out in support of a politician. In Asia, that’s not something you do,” Herman says. With audiences in nearly every country, the most commercially effective position for an idol is neutrality. In 2015, for example, when a member of girl group Twice allegedly held a Taiwanese flag during a broadcast, her production company ended up dealing with a wave of backlash, after which public apologies were made.

However, recent events have galvanized a number of groups to make supportive public statements, including BTS, Monsta X and members of NCT and artists like Jamie Park and Big Bang’s Taeyang. But even longtime fans recognize that is a rarity—and not something they’ve come to expect. And they are well aware that fan activities don’t necessarily reflect, or need to reflect, idol positions.

“The actions of K-pop fans don’t speak for their artists. For example, you can’t assume that an idol would condone the actions of their fans; some fans just go too far,” Feind says.

The tide seems to be shifting in favor of increased engagement with the politics of their fandoms. Groups have lately worked more quickly to release apologies or retractions when controversies have come to their attention.

But at the end of the day, it is the fans who are carrying the political mantle.

The original version of this story misstated the status of artist Taeyang. He is a current member of Big Bang, not a former member.SHANGHAI/SEOUL (Reuters) - Some K-pop stars’ accounts have been blocked from view on TikTok’s China equivalent Douyin, Reuters’ checks showed on Friday, days after South Korea’s media regulator slapped fines on the short-video app for data privacy noncompliance.

The reasons for the blocks were unknown, but the move also comes after remarks by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo that the United States is “certainly looking at” banning Chinese social media apps, including TikTok.

South Korea’s communications regulator on Wednesday fined TikTok Pte Ltd, the publisher of the app, 186 million won ($154,320) for collecting personal information of children under 14 years of age without consent from guardians and failing to disclose or notify when sending personal information overseas.

TikTok was required to submit voluntary preventative measures within 30 days, and the regulator planned to continue discussions with TikTok on information security issues, a Korea Communications Commission official said.

Accounts of K-Pop stars such as Rain, TWICE, Mamamoo and HyunA were blocked from view on Douyin as of Friday.

Douyin and TikTok operated independently and the accounts were working normally on TikTok, a TikTok spokeswoman said.

Representatives for Douyin did not immediately respond to a request for comment. TikTok and Douyin are both owned by Chinese company ByteDance.

The Chinese ownership of TikTok, among the fastest growing digital platforms ever, has come under heavy scrutiny on issues including its handling of user data. India banned TikTok and other Chinese apps in June. Douyin is unavailable on app stores outside of mainland China.

ByteDance has quietly made a series of moves in recent months to transfer global decision-making and research capabilities out of China, Reuters reported in May.

The K-pop stars’ management agencies did not comment.

China accumulated 196.6 million downloads of Douyin as of the first quarter, or 9.7% of more than 2 billion TikTok downloads in total, according to data from industry site Sensor Tower.

K-Pop concerts, tourism and South Korean businesses were hit hard by a Chinese boycott in 2017 after Seoul deployed a U.S-made missile defence system despite Beijing’s objections.

Hopes of a thaw in relations grew earlier this year amid plans for a possible visit to Seoul by Chinese President Xi Jinping.In a 2018 academic article titled "Regulating the Idol: The Life and Death of a South Korean Music Star" co-written by respected K-pop professor CedarBough T. Saeji, we are told that fans often slowly encounter "the dark side of K-pop and Korean society."

 Yes, I see many of you nodding. Very true. Great country, fun music, but ― like anywhere else ― some problems to be addressed. Beyond the glitz and glamor there are some unseemly elements.

 We are not allowed to mention "the dark side of K-pop" now though. If you do, you are accused of Orientalism or not paying enough attention to the various tragedies and horrific incidents that happen in other industries. Football, gaming, politics, My Little Pony.

 It is a shibboleth. In the past two years, the language deemed acceptable has changed.

 Shhh. Be quiet. They are listening.

 And it even extends to the very nature of what K-pop is. The previous Associated Press definition had it as "a South Korean musical genre often characterized by synthesized music." Again, seems reasonable. No?

 Its 2020 update now has it as "Music performed by music stars and bands originating from South Korea."

 K-pop is not a genre anymore and woe betide the person who tries to suggest that it is. It also means that only Koreans can really do K-pop and groups such as Kaachi and EXP Edition are merely engaging in cultural appropriation.

 So just a quick recap for those not up to speed, and you can be forgiven for not being so because the industry and surrounding movement often portrays itself through a process of cultural amnesia: You are not allowed to mention the dark side of K-pop as a phrase and you are not allowed to say K-pop is a genre.

 The South Korean undergrads I teach in a Hallyu class do it all the time in both Korean and English, but let's just promise not to tell the academic theorists and twitter gatekeepers.

 The point of this is that while people argue about what K-pop is and is not, problems in the industry and society continue to surface.

 Yes, it is changing.

 Yes, Queendom now has female acts wearing trousers.

 Yes, BTS has gotten all existential and features the ideas of Carl Jung and Ursula K. Le Guin in its work.

 Yes BLACKPINK is in your area at record levels and helping break down dated views of what is and is not possible for women and Asians.

 And yes, Mina, previously of the group AOA, posted on social media on Friday saying that she had been bullied for 10 years by the leader of her outfit, Jimin.

 Mina, real name Kwon Min-ah, claims she was forced into the industry for money to support her family. This also curtailed any hopes of a real education leaving her unable to discern what was really going on for the longest time.

 Mina suggests that Jimin forced her to take sleeping pills and mood stabilizers over the decade. This led her to seek suicide and she has since posted photos of her wrists on Instagram bearing the scars of her attempts.

 These latest revelations come after another member of the group Chanmi quit AOA a few years back. Her mother gave a revealing interview to the press.

 Chanmi's mother, Lim Cheon-suk, revealed how her daughter was not paid for five years, was not allowed a personal phone, suffered depression and eating disorders, and would have to pay nearly $2 million just to quit the group according to the terms of her contract with FNC Entertainment.

 And you thought your job was bad?

 FNC Entertainment was founded in 2006 by Han Seong-ho. Apparently, FNC stands for "fish and cake". Sounds rather ghastly, doesn't it?

 The internet tells us, "The name is based on the miracle of feeding the multitude using only five loaves and the two fish. This is because Han Seong-ho is a devout Christian, he uses the name to hope for miracles to happen for the company."

 So where is the cake? And is this kind of stuff really as noble as it professes?

 Marie Antoinette apocryphally suggested that the peasants eat cake while they starved during a famine. Marie was a young beautiful blonde, blue-eyed 14-year-old princess essentially sold to the French to soothe relations between her native Austria and Paris ― a story not too dissimilar to the one painted by Chanmi's mother.

 Marie became Queen of France, dazzling people with her beauty and luxurious ways. She had everything.

 But the Revolution soon came for her. And so did The Terror.

 Led by Maximilien Robespierre, the reign of terror that accompanied the revolution was iconoclastic. It tore down statues and monuments. It accused anyone of not emphatically siding with it of treason. Heroes were slain.

 It carried out public executions and massacres based on spurious accusations and without proper trial or procedural guarantees. It was a frenzied mob. It officially killed 17,000 people through the guillotine though many hundreds of thousands more are said to have suffered as a result.

 In the end, it took the life of the once young princess Marie Antoinette. Her head was chopped off in a public square in 1793 and her body flung into an unmarked grave.

 The Terror also came for its instigator ― Robespierre was also publically executed. No-one is safe. The snake eventually eats its own tail.

 We are not quite yet there in K-pop (the genre or otherwise). But people are suffering. People are dying. And there are too many arguments about what the correct academic and theoretical nomenclature is while the real world throws up a brutal reality.

 Almost as if there's an … what should we say … an unilluminated section of the specific area of the music industry.

 I have seen movements toward reconciliation; toward talk of mental suffering. The reporting of acts of bullying and ― more locally ― "gapjil" as an abuse of power manifested and exacerbated by a still very hierarchal society.

 Society is not going to hell in a handcart. It is getting better at the national level. But we must reach out and help individuals and be allowed to discuss problems properly if the county is to solve them.

 Kanye West has just announced he is running for President of the United States and has the support of Elon Musk. (Read that again. It is true).

 Perhaps we need Lee Hyo-ri to step up and run South Korea for a while. She might sort this out once and for all so the country can continue doing what it has done so well thus far.

 She can establish Yoo Jae-suk and Rain as her running mates, set up a new presidential residence on Jeju that focuses on yoga and music, and have IU as a chief adviser.

 I would vote for her. And maybe rather than continued photo-ops with the North, there can be a real effort at making life better for the people of South Korea who continue.

 And if you think this is crazy, remember: it is 2020.

 David Tizzard (datizzard@swu.ac.kr) is an assistant professor at Seoul Women's University, where he teaches Korean Studies, and he is an adjunct professor at Hanyang University lecturing in World History and Political Science. He discusses the week's hottest issues on TBS eFM (101.3FM) on "Life Abroad" live every Thursday from 9:35-10 a.m.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts."It is so powerful to have the opportunity to inspire others. That was so much louder to me than the hate. K-pop is truly the ultimate pop as far as I'm concerned, and if I can open that door for all shades and colors, then that's the greatest accomplishment I could ever hope for.""K-pop agencies should enlist the idea of 'cultural sensitivity training' amongst their employees and artists. By doing this I mean, agencies should scout out the help of U.S. (and other counties) social justice leaders to teach a course on the basics of insensitive racial actions," she said.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.AOA (Ace of Angels) leader Jimin has quit the act after a K-pop bullying scandal earlier this month, adding credence to the allegation she has been harassing former group mate Mina.

 FNC Entertainment broke the news late Saturday, saying the main rapper "is leaving the band and quitting her show business activities." The company apologized to the public "for all those things that are happening regarding our artist Jimin."

 The company added it took "full responsibility for this incident" and would "from now on leave no room in managing our artists."

 The abrupt decision came after Mina, who quit the girl band in May 2019 and began an acting career, claimed on her Instagram on July 3 she had to quit because "one of the band members" had consistently bullied her for the past 10 years. Mina said she had even considered suicide.

 The claim began a "who is telling the truth" game over the following days. Jimin called the claim as "fake as a novel" and Mina replied that her claim was "too sinister to call it a novel" and said Jimin was the aggressor. The post showed what appears to be Mina's left wrist with scars left from multiple wounds. 

 A further social update claimed Jimin had sought out Mina with other AOA members to apologize, with Jimin "crying and begging and crying again" in front of Mina. The leader said she had not gotten to know Mina well and that her care for Mina had been found wanting.

 But Mina's latest social post disputed Jimin's version of the "apology," implying that Jimin actually never begged and was still being dishonest. 

 The alleged bullying victim's most provocative claim was that Jimin had brought a man to their residence and had sex. Mina said Jimin should "take a moral path before advising me to do so" and warned her, "I will return to you the same look you gave me (when you visited me)."

 Since their debut in 2012 with the single "Angel's Story," the original eight-member band has literally lost half its members, including former leader Cho A. Mina has also hinted that Jimin singled her out even before they debuted. 

 One social comment about the falling out reads, "Doesn't A stand for angel? Change it to D for devil."To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.South Korean girl group AOA's leader Jimin, whose real name is Shin Ji-min, has left the group following explosive accusations of bullying and harassment from former member Mina.

According to Korean entertainment news portal Soompi, AOA's management FNC Entertainment said on Saturday (July 4) that Jimin, 29, "has decided to leave AOA and halt all of her activities in the entertainment industry".

FNC Entertainment also apologised and took responsibility for the situation.

This means that AOA, originally an eight-member group, is now down to four members.

On Friday (July 3), former member Mina, whose real name is Kwon Min-ah, uploaded a series of long Instagram posts which detailed how she suffered a decade of bullying from Jimin.

Mina, 26, left the group in May last year.

She said that when her father was battling cancer in the final stages of his life in 2014, Jimin told her not to cry as it would "ruin the mood". Mina added she did not manage to see her father one last time before he died as she was afraid that if she stopped working, she would get scolded by Jimin.

She also said that Jimin, whose father died in April this year of a heart attack, was allowed to take time off her activities to be with her family.

Mina alleged that Jimin hit her when they were trainees, made disparaging comments about her body and scolded her whenever she forgot to greet Jimin properly.

She said that due to the stress and anxiety caused by Jimin, she attempted suicide multiple times and posted a photo of scars on her wrists as evidence.

Jimin uploaded a since-deleted Instagram story which said "Fiction" on a black screen in response to the allegations. She later issued a formal apology and said that in wanting AOA to present their best face forward, she lacked "a humane side as a leader".

Mina, who is still coping with mental health issues, also said that Jimin had come by her home to apologise in person following the expose but that she had seemed reluctant to do so.K-pop’s most ardent fans, otherwise known as “stans,” have recently made headlines in U.S. news outlets for their political activism. From requesting tickets to U.S. President Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally to inflate attendance expectations to BTS fans raising $1 million for Black Lives Matter (BLM) groups, K-pop is now part of the American political conversation. From a U.S.-centric view, this will come as a surprise. But for K-pop, this new activism is simply an expansion of the stans’ various criticisms of the K-pop industry itself.

The K-pop industry has come under more frequent fire with its increasingly globalized presence, with original critiques from fans focused on the industry itself. Fans have repeatedly appealed for better treatment of K-pop group members, otherwise known as “idols,” some of whom endure grueling schedules, overwhelming pressure, and intense training at the hand of Korean entertainment companies. Now what was previously internally-focused criticism of the K-pop music industry has transformed into externally-targeted acts of political activism.

“K-pop stans” became a more recognized term in the American lexicon following a Trump re-election campaign rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on June 20. After photos of the half-empty BOK Center surfaced, K-pop stans and Tik Tok users attributed the lack of attendance to their securing tickets — thus inflating expected numbers — without any actual intent to attend.

K-pop artists and entertainment companies also became a topic of conversation in relation to the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement. Several K-pop artists posted about their donations on Twitter, while others signalled solidarity with photos of the artists holding BLM signs. Labels also joined in, with BTS and its label, BigHit Entertainment, donating $1 million to the BLM movement. The BTS fanbase, known as ARMY, claimed to have matched this donation with an additional $1 million donated to BLM groups. In comparison, SM Entertainment, perhaps the most largely recognized Korean entertainment company after to BigHit, only expressed support for BLM on Twitter. In direct protest, U.S.-based K-pop fans organized #SMBLACKOUT, a social movement aimed to demand accountability from SM Entertainment.

The connection between BLM and K-pop may at first appear tenuous. However, the foundation of K-pop rests in a combination of pop music and hip-hop, drawing inspiration from and at times appropriating Black culture. Seo Taiji and Boys, arguably the male group responsible for kickstarting K-pop in Korea, debuted in 1992 with clear references to hip-hop culture in their street style fashion, choreography, beats, and rapping. In a 1995 live performance of “Coming Home” in Seoul, one of the group members, Lee Juno, sports a braided hairstyle similar to cornrows. It is unclear whether Lee’s skin color was naturally more tanned for this performance or his complexion was intentionally darkened through the use of make-up, but Lee’s overall look for this performance clearly evoked Black culture. One YouTuber recently asked, “Is no one going to talk about the blackface going on here?”

Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month.

Other K-pop groups have committed similarly unacceptable acts in more recent memory. MAMAMOO, a female idol group, posted a parody of Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars’ “Uptown Funk” while wearing blackface. The same group was criticized for using the N-word in a cover of Beyoncé’s “Irreplaceable.”

More subtle glorification of racist actions and tropes has also drawn criticism, albeit to greater debate. BTS member Suga released a mixtape, D-2, featuring the song, “What Do You Think?” with a sample from cult leader Jim Jones, who is known for the mass murder-suicide of hundreds of his followers, many of them Black, in 1978. When some K-pop fans called attention to the inappropriateness of the reference, other ARMY members labelled them as “antis” and asked for hashtags that highlighted the issue to be reported. This debacle highlighted that anti-Blackness not only exists within the K-pop industry, but among its fans. With this strong appropriation of Black culture and silence around anti-Blackness, K-pop entertainment companies and artists need to actively participate in BLM conversations beyond the goal of being inclusive of their international fan base.

K-pop has also been accused of cultural appropriation beyond hip-hop, and inclusion must reach farther than BLM. This month, female idol group Blackpink debuted their “How You Like That” music video, featuring a statue of the Hindu god Ganesha as a decorational prop. This is not the first time K-pop has wandered into Indian culture. BTS’ choreography to the hit song, “Idol,” features Bollywood-esque moves in combination with other international dances such as the South African gwara gwara. While BTS avoided critique for these unattributed dance moves, Blackpink fans demanded the Ganesha statue be removed from the video. Blackpink’s management later removed the deity from the video, citing it as an “unintentional mistake.” Similar racist or appropriated references to foreign cultures may have previously flown under the radar, but K-pop’s development into a global craze has introduced a necessary layer of international accountability.

While the recent involvement of K-pop stans in American politics has gained attention, it is difficult to draw a clear connection between political activism and K-pop itself. K-pop music itself is largely not politically charged, and K-pop groups do not frequently speak out on political issues. The closest a K-pop group has come to a “political” affiliation of any kind may be when BTS’ partnership with UNICEF to promote their “Love Yourself” message. Nonetheless, that partnership and the resulting campaign focused more heavily on promoting individual expression than any specific ideology.

K-pop stans, however, are a different story. As representatives of Gen Z, present K-pop stans are largely young, digitally literate, and pay more attention to politics than their predecessors. As a result, the quick evolution of K-pop fans into online activists around political issues should not be surprising; K-pop stans are known for organizing effective digital campaigns around their respective idols, intentionally and — at times unintentionally — trending topics on Twitter. By leveraging these preexisting fan networks, K-pop stans can efficiently mobilize a large number of online users. This effusive network, in combination with K-pop fans historically calling out the K-pop industry for its shortcomings, made the transition from internal to external criticism relatively easy.

This presents the classic chicken-or-the-egg dilemma when it comes to K-pop stan activism: Is K-pop stan activism the result of watching their favorite idols exude certain ideals and values, or is K-pop stan activism driving change in the industry? Are K-pop artists donating to BLM organizations because they recognize K-pop’s Black influences, or because they know they are monitored by dedicated fans who expect them to speak up? Is BigHit Entertainment donating $1 million to encourage fans or appease them?

No matter which came first, K-pop stans have made it clear that they are a force to be reckoned with and considered, both within the K-pop industry and in broader politics. When it comes to Black Lives Matter and broader cultural appropriation in the genre, K-pop has to answer to critics that double as diehard fans. The resulting heightened awareness is necessary should K-pop wish to keep its global fanbase, whose diversity and shared passion have propelled the genre into the spotlight. By the power of the fans, K-pop will continue to be celebrated; but by that same power, K-pop stans have made their conditions clear: Those in power — whether that be labels, artists, or both — must be held accountable.

The author would like to thank Spencer Hair-Elliott and Catherine Tao for their assistance with this article.Most theaters in America may be closed, but one musical isn’t letting the coronavirus pandemic stop it from getting prepared to put on a show.

“KPOP,” a musical exploring the world of Korean pop, is conducting a video-based global casting call in hopes of being ready whenever live performances resume.

“We want to polish the jets so that it’s ready to take off,” said Jason Kim, the show’s playwright. “We really hope as soon as possible to get into a room with all these people and see them in person.”

Producers are looking for Korean, Korean American and Asian American men and women in their 20s. They “must be excellent singers with a strong, pop belt” and “dance at an advanced level.” Familiarity with K-pop is, of course, a plus.

Claire Burke, a casting director at Tara Rubin Casting, said she and her team have a “very tall ask” — they’re looking for performers who have all the energy and charisma of pop stars and also serious acting chops.

“It’s about the shine and the performance and the dancing and the singing — that’s huge. But people also need to be able to really tap into the emotion of it,” she said.

Interested performers are being asked to send a video of themselves singing a pop or K-pop song and a clip of their dance moves. Submissions have so far come from the United States, South Korea, Britain, Canada, Japan and Kazakhstan, as well as other countries.

When “KPOP” returns, it will represent a rarity — a stage production with a nearly all-Asian cast. The last time New York saw anything quite like that was with “Allegiance,” the 2015 Broadway musical based on George Takei’s experiences in a Japanese internment camp during World War II.

“I strongly believe that the talent is out there and has been out there for a really long time,” Kim said. “There is a lack of visibility. But I think a lot of the times we think that the lack of visibility is due to the lack of talent. And I don’t think that that’s true.”

“KPOP,” which had its premiere off-Broadway in 2017, follows three sets of aspiring performers — a boy band, a girl band and a solo female artist — as they try to charm their way into the American music market.

Time Out described the show as “delightful,” while Vulture called it a “delicious spectacle.” The Hollywood Reporter said it was “ambitious” and “wildly entertaining.”

The original was an immersive experience, with the audience following different performers from room to room. Kim is rewriting it for a more traditional proscenium stage and songwriter Helen Park is adding new songs.

The show is evolving just as K-pop is. In the years since it premiered, Americans have learned more about the genre, with BTS, EXO and BLACKPINK leading the charge. They’ve also seen it flex its organizational muscles, as K-pop fans online weigh in on everything from Black Lives Matter to Donald Trump.

“What we really tried to do was look at the landscape,” Kim said. “And the show has to in a way answer to that and have a conversation with how the world is perceiving K-pop.”

Kim has been helping the casting professionals sift through hundreds of submissions for a dozen as-yet-unfilled roles.

Candidates who impress the team are sent material from the show for them to tape and submit. A Zoom audition with the creative team is the next step. And then, if finally through, a message that they’ll see everyone at rehearsals. Whenever that is.

Burke and her team have had to adjust from a controlled environment in the casting room to the online process. While taped auditions and virtual casting has been part of the show business process for years, casting an entire stage show online hasn’t been done to this extent.

“I would say this is the largest virtual casting call we’ve ever had,” she said. “It’s a little bit of a process to develop an eye for tapes versus what you see in the audition room.”

Her team is making allowances for the pandemic. The usual process has hopefuls in a room together learning choreography at the same time. It also has a trained actor as an audition reader and an accompanist who knows the music. All that is out the window.

Instead, the “KPOP” team has to deal with poor home microphones, sketchy lighting and the distinct possibility that the candidate’s mother or sister is prompting dialogue and holding the smartphone to record.

“I don’t want to say forgiving, but I am definitely more mindful that everyone has a very different situation when they are taping themselves and submitting a video,” Burke said.

Burke said the most exciting thing about her job is when she finds people who may never have thought about musical theater as a career.

“I get to see these talented people who I never would have seen necessarily in a typical musical theater audition setting,” she said.

Follow more stories on Facebook and TwitterFirst UK K-pop girl group KAACHI makes debut. July. 18, 2020 07:49. imi@donga.com. 

Europe’s first K-pop girl group KAACHI has come on the scene. The music video of their debut song has reached over 10 million views on YouTube in 60 days. The group, which consists of three Britons and one Korean, is making a sensation like any other major Korean idol groups. The debut of this “London’s BLACKPINK” is worth of notice. 



“We’ve admired K-pop for a long time. It’s unbelievable that we’ve made a debut as a k-pop group and supported by fans,” said the members of KAACHIㅡChunseo, Dani, Nicole, Cocoㅡduring a real-time video interview with The Dong-A Ilbo on Wednesday.



“I had this idea of making a European K-pop group based in London, which has great music and business infrastructure. But no one was willing to make an investment,” said Lee Hye-rim, CEO of the group’s agency FrontRow. “So I decided to do it on my own although there were only four employees at my company. Like creating an indie-band.”



In October last year, Lee accidentally found the candidates for her group. She saw Chunseo and Nicole at a dance competition and was mesmerized by their dance. The two were famous dancers in London who had been the members of K-pop cover dance group UJIN for six years. After having their friend Dani on the team, the three started training in November. Coco, who majored in Korean dance at Ewha Women’s University and earned a Master’s degree in modern dance in London, joined FrontRow as an employee and a choreographer at first but became a member of the team at the last minute.



“I had no plans of becoming a singer but I was thinking about my next steps as a performer,” said Dani. “That was when I met KAACHI.”



The name of the group came from the Korean word for “together” and the English word “value (which is translated as ‘gachi’ in Korean).” The team loves breaking prejudices. The real name of Chunseo, whose name sounds like Korean, is Ruth Gomez. She used to have a stage name called “Cheonsa,” which means angel in Korean, but changed it to Chunseo after joining the team. She even sings in Korean in their debut song, “Your Turn” instead of the only Korean member Coco.



The group is experimenting with the golden ratio of Western pop and K-pop. While pursuing the esthetics of K-pop, they try to maintain the characteristics of Londoners in their daily lives.



They try to keep up with the K-pop standard in terms of hair and makeup although there are some limitations to do so from London. The members do not live together and live on part time jobs but gather once a week at a dance studio on the Oval area to practice dancing, singing and rapping. They also take online Korean lessons together.



The four looked at each other smiling. Watching them giving one another high fives, I could see that K-pop sparkle on their faces for a short moment.ICYMI, Doordarshan recently delighted K-Pop fans in India as they aired a song called Be The Future featuring bands like Dreamcatcher, AleXa and IN2IT. The song was an attempt by the Korean artists to create a track that reflected the difficulties people are facing due to Covid-19 and how to adapt to them.

After the song was played on DD, fans of all the K-Pop bands like BTS, EXO, Blackpink and many more flooded the micro-blogging site with several tweets and begged the broadcasting network to play more Korean content.

It all started after a Twitter account called Korean Culture India FC posted a clip of the song playing on Doordarshan channel. They tweeted the video saying, "Omg! Be the future ft. Alexa, IN2IT & DREAMCATCHER was aired on Doordarshan!! One of the first and oldest Indian tv channels that's huge! Thank you @DDNational! We truly appreciate you and hope to see more K-Pop! #KpopLovesDoordarshan (sic)."

See the tweet here:

In fact, Doordarshan even retweeted the post.

And soon, #KPopLovesDoordarshan started trending on Twitter. K-Pop fans flooded the internet with names of their favourite Korean dramas and bands. That was not all, they even requested Doordarshan to air these on television.

Apart from K-pop fans, netizens also reacted to the news. While some appreciated DD for showing Korean content, few others cracked jokes.

See some of the comments here:

One Twitter user also pointed out that Doordarshan used to air Korean shows on their channel like the Full House, Jewel in the Palace and Emperor of the Sea.

For the song Be The Future, Korean artists IN2IT and Dreamcatcher along with AleXa joined hands with UNESCO.When The Stans Assemble: K-Pop, Protests And Fan Activism

It's time we talked about K-pop. It's a musical production style that merges South Korean pop music with hip-hop and R&B, plus sharp, synchronized dance moves and trendy fashion.

But if that's all you know about K-pop, you may have been surprised when K-pop fans were mentioned in headlines about President Trump's rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma. That happened because K-pop's fanbase and influence is colossal.

According to Twitter, the K-pop band BTS was the most tweeted about artist for the past three years, and BTS's album "Map of the Soul: 7" quickly became the best-selling album of 2020 worldwide.

And a large segment of that fanbase has turned its gaze to politics.

CedarBough Saeji, professor in contemporary Korean culture at Indiana University, Bloomington, Candace Epps-Robertson, professor of English at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, Nicole Santero, PhD student studying BTS Army at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and Ashley Hinck, communication professor with focus on rhetoric fandom and the internet at Xavier University talked to us about the intersection of K-pop and activism.

Like what you hear? Find more of our programs online.When K-pop fans claimed part of the credit for making Donald Trump believe his rally in Oklahoma on June 20 would be so full that his campaign built a second stage outside, the tactic of flooding the attendance register with fake names seemed novel to lovers of music from the Far East. But as Trump delivered his stump speech to a near half-empty stadium, and the exterior stage was being pulled down since no one showed up, the world woke up to the fact that online K-pop fan communities on Twitter and the TikTok video-sharing app wield potent political influence.

The global media was quickly awash with stories about what is called K-pop vigilantism. It has also been observed in the protest movement following the police killing of the unarmed African-American man George Floyd. The massive online fandoms united behind Korean pop superstars like boy band BTS donated millions to Black Lives Matter (BLM) in early June. They have since flooded police apps aimed at BLM protesters with fancams, or hijacked racist hashtags such as #WhiteLivesMatter.

In terms of media coverage of K-pop culture, it was a big shift from late 2019. Then several stars committed suicide, revealing the dark underbelly of the hyper-competitive K-pop industry. Bullying by toxic online fans was identified as a big part of the problem.

Some recent K-pop activism hype tends to speak generically about K-pop stans. An amalgamation of "stalker" and "fan," "stan" generally stands for "obsessive fan." But in South Korea at least, stans tend to shy away from politics.

As Hye Jin Lee explains, recent political interventions are largely associated with K-pop fans in the US. The clinical assistant professor of communication at the University of Southern California Annenberg adds that it should come as no surprise that these fans have been fighting white nationalism alongside Black Lives Matter activists.

"There's a great overlap between the demographic of the BLM movement and American K-pop fandom," she told DW. "Both are multi-racial, multi-cultural, multi-ethnic, multi-generational," she says, even though mostly young.

American K-pop fans identify with a popular culture that is different from the white-dominated mainstream. "They are more open to cultural differences and have progressive values," says Lee.

Seeking to "protect and promote" an Asian pop subculture that remains marginalized due to "imperialistic, racist, and sexist ideologies," K-pop fandom has a history of online political mobilizations, Lee explains. From petitions and organizing charity events to calling out journalists who misrepresent K-pop stars — and even buying media ad space to bolster their idols — American K-pop fans have a history of battling stereotypes online.

Ongoing struggle in Black Lives Matter and other movements

Lee says it's a mistake to assume that these fans have been motivated by bands like BTS, who famously donated $1 million to BLM before their fan "Army" more than matched the amount via their #MatchAMillion campaign.



"The current political mobilization of K-pop fans can be seen as an extension of their fight against orientalism, racism, sexism and homophobia to make K-pop acceptable and popular in the US," she says.

As the biggest act in K-pop, BTS top the US and European charts and are said to be more tweet-worthy than Donald Trump. While vocal on some social issues such as mental health and economic inequality, "they have not used their platforms to urge their fans to become politically active or to fight against white supremacy," says Lee.

Moreover, the band and its Army have been promoting numerous philanthropic appeals since 2017, including UNICEF's #ENDviolence campaign and support for Syrian refugees.

Business before politics, not only in K-pop

There is good reason for K-pop's relative political reticence. "Once K-pop becomes too politicized, many fans will turn away while others may find their parents less willing to support their fandom," says Roald Maliangkay, associate professor at the College of Asia & the Pacific of the Australian National University.

What he has called a "slick, corporate" and "highly industrialised" K-pop business is ultimately protective of its bottom line.

"K-pop artists do not, of course, control how their work is interpreted politically, but the more it is, the more likely ticket sales will drop," Maliangkay told DW. "Since K-pop relies heavily on live performances and endorsements for profit, the artists and their agencies have to be conservative."

Indeed, BTS fans in South Korea have warned their brethren against getting involved in US politics, according to areport by Reuters.

The current K-pop activism points to a unique phenomena driven by a massive and very powerful fan base with complex motivations. It's a response to racism but also simply "excitement over the number of fellow community members and their ability to act in unison," says Maliangkay.

But without explicit support from its idols, the fan-driven movement may yet run out of steam. "They will shy away from overly politicizing their work," he says of the stars. "And I suspect that their agencies and many of their fans would not want them to anyway."

In the US at least, a different breed of K-pop stans seem to have emerged who, spurred by their own ongoing struggle against orientalism and white supremacy, could remain a thorn in Trump's side in the leadup to the November election.The South Korean game industry propelled the nation’s content exports last year, clocking $6.9 billion, more than 10 times that of the music industry’s $640 million, according to a report released by the Ministry of Culture and Korea Creative Content Agency on Tuesday.The report noted that the Korean game industry’s exports grew 8.9 percent on-year last year, commanding 67.2 percent of the nation’s total content exports of $10.3 billion and topping 10 other industries.The Korean music industry, despite the popularity of K-pop, ranked fourth accounting for 6.2 percent of total content exports.“In terms of content, K-pop and movies take the spotlight, but on a closer look, it’s games that are driving Korea’s content exports,” said Wi Jung-hyun, a professor of business administration at Chung-Ang University and head of the Korea Game Society.“Though COVID-19 took a toll on almost every industry here, the game industry has been resilient, witnessing growth in its revenue and employment.”The game industry was followed by the character and information industries, which exported $820 million and $660 million of contents, accounting for 7.9 percent and 6.4 percent, respectively.Korean game makers have made significant strides in foreign markets, with NCSoft’s MMORPG game Lineage M standing as the most profitable game in Taiwan’s Google Play Store by revenue as of Wednesday, standing firm even though it was launched there more than two years ago in December 2017.Nexon’s mobile racing game KartRider Rush+, since its launch on May 12, garnered 13 million users worldwide with daily users peaking as high as 3.5 million users.Netmarble’s mobile role-playing game The Seven Deadly Sins: Grand Cross has tasted global success since its launch on March 4, as it stands as the most profitable game in Hong Kong’s App Store by revenue as of Wednesday.By revenue, the Korean game industry ranked fifth by generating 15 trillion won ($1.2 billion) last year, taking up 12 percent of the nation’s total content revenue of 125.4 trillion won. The Korean music industry ranked seventh, earning 6.6 trillion won, accounting for 5.3 percent of Korea’s total content revenue.Publishing was the most profitable industry, making 21.1 trillion won, responsible for 16.8 percent of Korea’s total content revenue last year. It was followed by broadcasting and information industries, which collected 21 trillion won and 17.8 trillion won, controlling 16.7 percent and 14.2 percent of Korea’s total content revenue, respectively.By Kim Byung-wook ( kbw@heraldcorp.comTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The driver was placed under investigation after it was revealed that he had consumed alcohol before driving. Police are also looking into whether the two singers abetted the person to drive under the influence of alcohol.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The nine-track hip-hop oriented album, a follow-up to the duo's debut EP "What a Life," soared to No. 1 on the Top Album charts run by Apple in 50 countries and regions. Signs of domestic physical albums sales also hint at commercial success, with the album taking the lead in the major music retail sales charts of Hanteo Chart, Synnara Record and Hot Tracks.From its inception, SSAK3, a one-off K-pop team created for MBC TV's weekend variety show "Hang Out With Yoo," was intended to be a silly tongue-in-cheek project, riding on the coattails of the retro boom in today's pop culture landscape. 



At best, the co-ed trio, formed of two late '90s-2000s singers -- Lee Hyo-ri of girl group FIN.K.L and male soloist Rain -- and top-billed comedian-emcee Yoo Jae-suk, was expected to offer a dose of wholesome feel-good '90s nostalgia to viewers and, in doing so, a much needed boost in ratings for the TV network currently undergoing a serious financial crunch.



What SSAK3 (word play on "ssaksseuri," a Korean slang term for "clean sweep") actually ended up delivering is no laughing matter.



The project group has exploded into one of this summer's biggest K-pop acts to date.



Since July 11, the team -- modeled after the likes of late-90's-2000s co-ed trio Koyote -- has already released three single albums and plans to drop a special album, a compilation of the three singles and solo tracks from each members, on Saturday.



The vibrant and carefree summer dance numbers -- "In Summer," a remake of the iconic 1994 dance hit by Deux, "Beach Again" and "Play That Summer" -- have floated on the top tiers of most domestic music streaming services since their successive weekly releases on July 11.



"Beach Again" was the top streamed song on Melon as of 9 a.m. Friday, outpacing "Maria" by Hwasa of Mamamoo and "How You Like That" by BLACKPINK. "Play That Summer" and "In Summer" pulled in at fourth and sixth, respectively. SSAK3's standing on other platforms, such as Bugs Music and Genie Music, isn't that different.



The group has also made noticeable splashes overseas, having stayed on four music charts -- iTunes, Apple Music, Shazam and Deezer -- for an average 3.86 days in 45 countries and regions.



"The song has a retro and summer vibe that is also easy to listen to," wrote Twitter user @khunyoolover, a self-professed fan of SSAK3 in Chiang Mai, Thailand. 



The buzz surrounding SSAK3 isn't limited to just the music. The music video for "Beach Again" has so far racked up 4.5 million views on YouTube in less than a week, while the band is currently staging a full-fledged media blitz, blowing away the competition on television music shows -- finishing second on MBC TV's "Music Core" on July 25 and clinching first place on Mnet's "M Countdown," a much-coveted spot usually reserved for top-billed K-pop stars, on Thursday.



"Hang Out With Yoo" has also gained noticeable traction in ratings and online buzz in line with the trio's growing popularity.



The weekend prime time show centers around Yoo, one of the biggest celebrity comedians in South Korea, tackling various vocational projects, such as cooking and stage acting, in a reality TV format.



SSAK3, from its inception to debut, has been chronicled in detail on the weekly TV series, including the trio coming up with the band's somewhat silly name and discussing the musical and visual concepts the members wanted to pursue and even jokingly choosing alter ego names: Yooduragon (Yoo Jae-suk), B-Dragon (Rain) and Linda G (Lee Hyo-ri).



The band and the TV show owns part of their success to a viral phenomenon since late May surrounding an old music video by Rain, whose real name is Jung Ji-hoon. 



The video for Rain's 2017 song "Gang" on YouTube was caught up in a strange hate-watching boom online, leading to the "one Gang a day" movement, referring to the trend of watching the video at least once a day, which also lead to scores of parody videos uploaded on the internet.



But the element of nostalgia, of straight-forward and upbeat '90s sound laced with bright brass arrangements, and lyrics that are both unapologetically escapist and sentimental, is also an undeniable factor in SSAK3's success. 



The group has apparently struck a nerve with older fans of music in their 30s and 40s in particular, fatigued by some of the more serious, concept or theme-oriented releases by today's mainstream artists.



"We may be a refreshing team, considering that we evoke old memories from fans similar to our age, while at the same time being a bit different from today's music for younger fans," Yoo said in an online fan meet-and-greet event on July 25.



Paul Matthews, a British radio personality who has lived in South Korea for 20 years, agreed. 



"Being in my early 40s, it's a nice nostalgic trip back to earlier days. There's something comforting about seeing older K-pop stars being a little silly and having fun," Matthews added.



Ha Jae-keun, a Seoul-based cultural commentator, said SSAK3 can be distinguished from contemporary stars from their very existence evoking memories of the good old days regardless of the listeners' age.



"The mass tends to enjoy songs that are both exciting and a bit sentimental. (SSAK3) tends to have both of those emotions in their songs, while the lyrics are also easy to understand," Ha said.



Some observers, however, have expressed reservations on whether the group truly deserves all of the praise it's been receiving, pointing out the fact that the band has the full-blessing and backing from a national television network for its promotion.



"I do think the popularity of the band stems purely from the power of television, as opposed to that of music," said pop music critic Chung Min-jae.



Chung saw the boom behind SSAK3 as a part of the larger recent trend of new music finding a footing among the mass audience through exposure in non-music mediums, such as advertisements, films and variety TV shows.



Others question whether it's appropriate for MBC to book the team on its own music competition program, where as record labels and trainees-artists of all sizes need to spend small fortunes and toil away for years for even the slightest chance to appear on national television. 



To be clear, MBC has stated that all proceeds from SSAK3's album sales and publicity will be donated to charities.



"As a fan of the TV show, listening to the music and seeing the team enjoy success is fun," one entertainment industry official said, asking to be unnamed. "But in this day and age when high standards of fairness are demanded from public institutions, one has to ask whether the broadcaster is depriving other star hopefuls of opportunities." (Yonhap)To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.As the Black Lives Matter movement took over the national conversation, K-pop fans have regularly been credited with large-scale protest actions. K-pop fans used fancams to flood and crash a watchdog app after Dallas Police asked for footage of “illegal activity from the protests.” Fans of the group BTS donated $1 million to organizations fighting for racial justice after the group donated the same amount to Black Lives Matter. And K-pop fans were credited with reserving tickets to a Trump rally, inflating ticket numbers and making the actual attendance look like a disappointment.

Media coverage started to quickly form a narrative around these events that portrayed fans of Korean pop music as a suddenly politically active and socially conscious monolith. But Black K-pop fans have endured years of anti-blackness from fellow K-pop fans, and it hasn’t changed recently, despite these seemingly progressive moves.

“To turn around and denounce all of that for a K-pop group is extremely frustrating.”

The latest backlash against Black fans happened just last week, when Hongjoong, of the K-pop group ATEEZ, appeared in a promotional photo wearing cornrows, a traditionally Black hairstyle. On Twitter, some Black fans criticized the artist for cultural appropriation, the practice of taking and often benefiting from cultural elements historically tied to another group, often one that’s been a subject of oppression. Hongjoong’s supporters told those speaking out that they should leave the fandom, with one user writing, “that’s why people out there hate black people.”

The backlash against Black fans who criticized Hongjoong for cultural appropriation was difficult to see after weeks of Black Lives Matter protests, a 24-year-old Black American fan said over Twitter DM. She asked to be kept anonymous out of fear of backlash. “To turn around and denounce all of that for a K-pop group is extremely frustrating,” she told The Verge. KQ Entertainment, ATEEZ’s management company, later apologized for Hongjoong’s appearance.

Korean pop acts draw heavily from Black forms of music, notably ’90s R&B. That extends to artists’ behavior and appearance, which can have a racist history in the United States. K-pop performers have appeared in blackface, worn traditionally Black hairstyles like cornrows, done mocking impressions of Black people talking, said the n-word in songs and on variety shows, worn clothing with the Confederate flag on it in a music video, and dressed up as racist stereotypes. In a conversation with Vox’s Reset, Miranda Ruth Larsen, a PhD candidate at the University of Tokyo, recently referred to this repeat behavior as “cultural misappropriation” since the artists may not understand the global connotation of these fashions and behaviors. Even if the artists themselves don’t know, the teams behind them who may have made these fashion decisions probably “do have an idea that it’s not okay and should be blamed,” she said.

“I really got attacked calling out a person for saying the N-word.”

When Black fans speak out about racist behaviors in K-pop, they’re often hit with backlash from other fans. Christa, a Black K-pop fan, said she was met with denial and vitriol after pointing out an artist’s use of a racial slur. Christa, like several other fans The Verge spoke to, asked to be identified by her first name only out of concern for harassment. “I woke up to a lot of retweets and people in my mentions telling me to delete it,” Christa said. Eventually, another fan used the n-word while arguing with her. “And I was like, whoa, I really got attacked calling out a person for saying the N-word.” She deleted her tweet to put an end to the attacks.

Christa’s experience is not unique. The same kind of mass coordination that K-pop fans use to get an artist’s single to the top of the charts or flood a hashtag is very quickly turned against perceived critics, especially Black ones, Larsen told The Verge. Artists’ success starts to be seen as a personal achievement for K-pop fans, said Davonna, a Black fan who has been listening to K-pop since 2008. “And I think that mindset is really dangerous. Anything negative, you take that as someone’s attacking you.”

The attacks Black fans face can range from aggressive replies to upsetting direct messages to the threat of doxxing. Fans tweet out handles of accounts who have criticized their favorite artists, asking other fans to block them, report them, or demand their removal from Twitter.

Black fans have been speaking out about discrimination for years

Black fans have been speaking out about the discrimination they’ve faced for years. In 2018, South Sonder reported on Black fans starting hashtags such as #BLACKGIRLSLIKEKPOP to bring attention to their experiences. BuzzFeed spoke to over a dozen Black K-pop fans that same year who described other fans calling them slurs and sending them rape and death threats. Insider also talked to fans recently who were frustrated by Black voices being overlooked. In articles for Vice and Refinery 29, fans spoke about how they are harassed when they spoke out about cultural appropriation.

The K-pop industry has been slow to take notice. Suga, a member of BTS, recently released a song sampling a speech by cult leader Jim Jones, who was responsible for the mass murder-suicide of more than 900 people, the majority of whom were Black. The song was released shortly before protests broke out over the death of George Floyd, and Black fans were met with harassment for speaking out about it.

Carolyn Hinds, a Black film critic, journalist, and K-pop fan, was among the fans who criticized Suga’s usage of the Jim Jones sample on Twitter. “Black fans were getting insulted, people were called gorillas, roaches. I was told that I was an Anti and I was a hater and I wasn’t smart enough to understand,” Hinds said. Big Hit Entertainment, BTS’s management company, later apologized and rereleased the track without the sample.

“We want to see the idols we like do better.”

This repeat behavior makes K-pop fans’ activism even more fraught. Only days later, K-pop fans flooded the hashtag #whitelivesmatter with videos of their favorite stars to drown out racist voices on Twitter and Instagram amid the Black Lives Matter protests. They also got that hashtag to trend, giving it a larger audience.

“I could just imagine Black people going on Twitter and the first thing they see is this racist hashtag trending,” Christa said. She suggested that fans could have chosen to elevate anti-racist hashtags or tweet links to petitions, like those supporting victims of racial violence, instead of posting fancams.

Davonna said she later saw racist comments from people with Black Lives Matter in their display names. Some fans also used artists’ and fandoms’ actions in support of Black Lives Matter to defend stars’ racist actions.

“We want to see the idols we like do better,” Chelsea S., a Black K-pop fan since 2006, said. “[That’s] why we try and correct them in the first place, because we like these people. We like the music.”On Tuesday 2 June, Grammy award-winning songwriter and music artist Tiffany Red returned home from a trip to her local mall, where she had encountered the national guard armed with large rifles, an experience that left Red “traumatized”.

Exactly one week before, George Floyd had been killed in Minneapolis, and tensions in the country were rising as hundreds of thousands took to the streets in protest. Tuesday 2 June was also #BlackoutTuesday, a global “social media moment” that grew out of the music industry’s #TheShowMustBePaused, an initiative created to “hold the industry at large” – including major corporations and their partners who benefit from the efforts, struggles and successes of Black people – accountable.

Still processing her experience at the mall earlier that day, Red opened her inbox to find a message from her South Korean music publisher, Ekko Music Rights, regarding a $66 payment for a song she had written for one of K-pop’s most popular groups, NCT Dream – a straightforward business transaction with zero acknowledgment of what Red, a Black American woman, may have been going through given the news cycle then.

For Red, who has worked with artists such as Zendaya, Jennifer Hudson and Jason Derulo, this was a final straw. She had already decided to stop writing K-pop music because she felt she was poorly compensated, but Ekko’s aloofness spoke to a continued concern she harbored about the industry at large: that despite K-pop’s reliance on Black music and culture, the industry didn’t actually support Black lives.

Today, a striking number of K-pop hits are written and produced by Black Americans and a significant percentage of K-pop fans in the US are Black. As K-pop grows in popularity worldwide, many international fans are waiting for the industry to develop a more sensitive, globalized understanding of race.

Within K-pop, blackface, mouthing or saying racial slurs, and purely aesthetic uses of Black culture and hairstyles are still common. In recent weeks, as the media has painted K-pop fans as politically active and engaged for overwhelming racist hashtags with videos of their favorite acts and reserving thousands of tickets to artificially boost expected attendance at Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally, official statements of support for Black lives have trickled in from a handful of groups and idols.

Arguably the most well-known K-pop group in the world, BTS, and their parent company, Big Hit Entertainment (whose CEO has stated publicly that “Black music is the base” of the septet’s musical identity), were some of the most vocal, and the only group to donate money – $1m – to Black Lives Matter. But many contend that the industry overall has failed to show unified support for the movement. Now, Black creatives and fans are holding them accountable.

SM Entertainment is one of South Korea’s three largest entertainment companies. It is credited with producing the first K-pop idol group, H.O.T., in 1996, which established the “SM performance” style that the brand still employs today: a combination of impressive visuals, dance, rock, rap and hip-hop that took inspiration from Black American artists of the MTV generation. Songwriter and producer Micah Powell attended six SM songwriting camps between 2015 and 2018. At one camp, he wrote a song called Devil and created a dance move to go with it, which he then showed to SM executives. “The entire staff lit up,” Powell says of their reaction.

Devil became the lead single of SM group Super Junior’s 2015 album of the same name. When Powell watched the music video for Devil for the first time, he was shocked to see that his dance move, a hip tap and high clap combination, had been used as part of the song’s chorus, without his permission, and without credit or compensation. Powell’s background vocals on the track had also been used without payment or credit.

“I had to hunt [SM] down,” he says, and was eventually paid $200 for the vocals which he had recorded in Korean, a language he does not speak. Powell says the industry’s lack of action is “a microcosm of a bigger issue, part of a bigger puzzle of inequality”. K-pop looks to the west for inspiration and “this is exactly how white people see us. They use our culture, they love our culture, they’ll take everything from our culture, but don’t pour back into our culture.”

More than two weeks after Red posted her frustrations with the industry on Instagram, SM Entertainment, the “sister company” of Ekko Music Rights, released a statement that read: “We stand with our Black collaborators, friends and fans” and added that “we are new to this conversation”. Red’s frustration is palpable as she scoffs at this: “You aren’t new to this conversation, you are a part of this conversation. We are the people who make your music. Why would you ever think that you’re excluded from this?”

“I am Black before I am a K-pop stan,” says Ellie, 19, who prefers to use her first name to avoid the harassment some K-pop fans face when they speak out against popular groups, “and when I was first discovering NCT 127, the Limitless video really offended me.”

Limitless, a 2017 single from the SM group NCT 127, was produced and composed by a handful of successful Black American producers. In the song’s music video, the company styled some members of the group in hairstyles typically worn by Black men and accessorized them in clothing that directly referenced Black hip-hop artists.

Ellie notes that while styling like this is what’s been deemed “unique and fresh” within the industry, it’s “all been seen before within the Black community”. She is a huge supporter of NCT 127 and has slept on the street three times to see them in person during appearances in New York City. She also danced with the group when they made a surprise appearance last year in Washington Square Park.

In 2019, NCT 127 reportedly made over $24m touring in US arenas, many filled with Black fans (maybe as much as 18% according to a recent fan poll). And yet the group and SM itself “rarely ever show any remorse when they offend [those] fans by culturally appropriating, and continue to misstep”, says Ellie, most recently by styling an NCT 127 member in a Lynyrd Skynyrd T-shirt with the Confederate flag on it for a music video. Fans of NCT 127, or “NCTzens”, have tried to call attention to these concerns through organized outreach to SM but “despite being emailed, tweeted at and called out [the company] continues to harm Black fans” with their choices, Ellie says.

K-pop fan Davonna Gilpin, 27, who lives in Los Angeles, has been following Korean music for 12 years and hosts a pop culture podcast called Melanetizens with a fellow Black K-pop fan. She says that this is an industry-wide problem. “I’ve noticed during my time [as a fan that] the concerns of others are almost always acknowledged, but not the concerns of Black people.” For example, YG Entertainment recently edited out a depiction of the Hindu god Ganesha from a Blackpink music video because it had been deemed offensive by many Hindu fans. Just last month, SM publicly apologized for styling that included a pin with a Japanese slur. Within days of receiving complaints, the company not only delayed the release of a music video but also issued a reprint of the entire album so that the pins could be digitally removed. And yet, Gilpin notes, the Confederate flag remains visible to the public. Given that, “I can’t help but think they’ve seen all the concerns and critiques and choose to ignore it,” she concludes.

After seeing Red’s Instagram posts, Ellie, Gilpin, and fellow fan De’Andra Johnson, 23, who lives in Inglewood, California, organized #SMBlackout, a hashtag event “to bring awareness to the importance of Black fans and Black creatives in SM’s roster”.

Gilpin says: “I’ve skipped lunch to save up to go to multiple NCT 127 tour stops and buy albums and merch. So on top of how disrespectful it was [for SM] to not speak up for their Black employees and collaborators, I felt it was also disrespectful to their Black consumers. If Black lives don’t matter to them then Black dollars, Black music and Black fashion and style shouldn’t either.”

One week after the #SMBlackout event, SM released its official statement. Ellie says those six sentences, which were only posted in English and did not lay out a plan of action, “did not hold any weight”. Gilpin adds: “I was confused by the ‘we’re new to this conversation’ part because we’ve been trying to have this conversation with them for years and they decided they didn’t want to listen.” She says that if they are truly interested in creating change, “now is the best time for them to come forward and actively participate, especially since the industry has been moving into a huge global spotlight. To me, it’s not a political or controversial stance. It should be a no-brainer for anyone, any company, any industry to stand for human rights and equality.”

Johnson notes that she is still waiting for statements from YG and Pledis, which produce a handful of chart-topping groups she also likes. Other K-pop fans are waiting on action from the companies that manage their favorite acts, including JYP, whose CEO has incorporated blackface into his performances as a solo artist and also named practice rooms at the company facilities after Black artists he admires.

For Red, this moment is the beginning of a new personal mission: to bring change to the music industry through activism. “It’s needed, it’s missing. There’s no one protecting the artists and there’s so much to protect us from,” she says. She will continue producing her solo music at home in Los Angeles, but doesn’t have any intention of writing for others any longer.

“I’d love to see what would happen to K-pop if we all stopped [writing for the industry],” Red says. “I would be a liar if I didn’t say that I didn’t participate in helping them steal our culture. We didn’t make the system, but it’s all of our responsibility to fix it to make it better. Black people are not the only people who will benefit from that system changing in K-pop. Everyone will benefit from that. It’ll create a whole new system of accountability.”Korean Pop, Away From The Hit Factories

Leenalchi's first album is about a turtle.

More specifically, a turtle in search of a rabbit's liver — the only antidote for the turtle's ailing emperor. This story is legendary in Korean history, spoken and sung across centuries, with the earliest written record dating back a millennia. Leenalchi, a band named after a famous singer in 19th-century Korea, re-tells this epic in a recently released album, Sugungga, using a fascinating mix of sounds that some glorify as "the real" K-pop.

The term "K-pop" is most often used to denote a subset of Korean music: idol songs. These would include "idols" like BTS, Blackpink, GOT7 and hundreds of other acts, produced in studio systems which train prospective stars extensively in vocals, dance, even foreign language, often years before debut. Idol music is varied, but generally catchy and slick and infused with a cacophony of influences — hip-hop, rock, Latinx roots music, techno — from all over the world, often within a single song.

Idols utterly dominate South Korea's music industry and the country's musical representation abroad — but there's more to pop in Korea, to K-pop, than idols.

"Who cares about the genre? I mix everything," says Jang Younggyu, one of the founders and bassists of Leenalchi. Jang, also a prestigious film composer, started his career in the early 1990s, a few years before K-pop's idol system became popular through "first-generation idols" like H.O.T. and Fin.K.L.

Back then, Jang made a living mixing all sorts of LPs together into a single track. This mix-whatever-works "training" yielded some interesting experiments in his later career — for example, he was one of the creators of SsingSsing, a now-disbanded band that NPR Tiny Desk's Bob Boilen described as "one of my most memorable Tiny Desk Concerts of all time."

Leenalchi, formed a year ago, is Jang's latest experiment. A central influence is pansori, a style of musical storytelling that was popular in Korea in the 18th and 19th centuries. "Pansori originally involved just one percussion instrument and one singer," says Jang. Inspired by this, Leenalchi also has two main sections: percussion (two bassists and one drummer) and voices (four pansori-trained vocalists). In Korea's struggling indie scene, Leenalchi is gaining prominence. "All these people were screaming along to pansori at a club! It was incredible," says Kwon Song-hee, a vocalist.

But Leenalchi isn't simply recreating old Korean music — its defining rhythms should be decidedly more familiar to a Western audience. The result is strangely recognizable and wonderfully unfamiliar.

Experiments like SsingSsing and Leenalchi are increasingly popular in South Korea, which has a hugely diverse soundscape. But they certainly aren't easy to maintain.

"Musicians without the kind of capital that idol systems possess — their ability to train, invest, promote, et cetera — just can't survive easily," says Yi Soojeong, the executive manager of Zandari Festa, which organizes SXSW-like music festivals in Korea. "Leenalchi is lucky," says Yi. "Its musicians aren't new to the industry. So they have a kind of capital that can't be translated into a price tag."

"To maintain profit margins, the Korean music industry has centered itself around idols," says Yoo Choonghee, the director of the K-pop Museum, which showcases the evolution of Korean popular music since the early 1900s, when an American missionary, along with other Western visitors, made the first known recordings of Korean music.

The idol system started in the late '90s, with the rise of major entertainment agencies like YG, SM and JYP. Boy band H.O.T. is seen as the first studio-produced group, followed by many more, most of whom, in a brutally competitive landscape, would fail to last.The rare international successes, notably Psy's "Gangnam Style" in 2012 and BTS in recent years, have landed the K-pop industry firmly in global markets — as part of the so-called "Korean Wave" — notably in East and Southeast Asia, the Middle East, South America and, more slowly, the U.S. and European markets. The K-pop industry generated over $5 billion in export revenue, according to a 2018 report by the Korea Creative Content Agency, most of which comes from studio-produced artists. Boy band BTS alone is estimated to have contributed over $4 billion to Korea's bottom line.

Idols and their agencies are undoubtedly the most popular force in Korea's own music market too, reigning over its charts and music awards. "The problem is, idol music isn't just one part of the Korean market. It's a monopoly," says Yi. "This is poison for artistic diversity."

This monopoly is reflected in the way idol music monopolizes the definition of "K-pop," both in and outside Korea. "In Korea, when you say K-pop, people think of idols," says Leenalchi's Jang.

"The very word 'K-pop' was used with the advent of the Korean Wave in the late 1990s, to refer to idol music," says Eujeong Zhang, professor at Dankook University and author of K-Pop History (the 'K-pop' in her book refers to Korean popular music in general).

It isn't just Koreans. Worldwide, K-pop is, more often than not, synonymous with idol music. In 2018, the AP Stylebook even defined K-pop as "synthesized music, video art and tightly choreographed dance moves that are often sexually suggestive or comical."

"It's an understandable perception," says Zhang. "Idols are leading the Korean music industry."

But this perception presents a simplistic picture of a country's musical landscape, by primarily focusing on music that yields the highest profit margins and capital returns.

Zhang says there's room to change. She says the term "K-pop" can be understood in two different ways. Narrowly, as idol music, reflecting how the word is most popularly used today. More broadly, "K-pop" can refer to Korean popular music in general, which is more inclusive.

"It's hard to change the existing perception that K-pop is idol music," says Zhang. "But we can still expand what 'K-pop' means."

But this opens up new questions. If it isn't just a distinctive idol genre, what counts as K-pop? What are the boundaries, musically? Would any music from Korea count as K-pop? Only work that becomes popular globally?

Jeong Jungyeop, a bassist in Leenalchi, recalls his decade-long experience filling that role in Kiha & The Faces — the rare example of a popular rock band in the age of idols — which formed in the Seoul indie scene, rising to mainstream fame and financial success before disbanding in 2018.

"We once went to a record store in Japan and found our album in the K-pop corner," Jeong says. "We weren't promoting ourselves as K-pop, nor our agency. I think because we also came from South Korea, the store grouped us with the others."

The over-inclusiveness of "K-pop," in this case, erased the particularity of Jeong's band. This problem extends far beyond Kiha & The Faces. Even when referring to the idol industry, lumping popular artists into one "K-pop genre" may be misleading.

"No one disputes that IU, BTS and FT Island are 'K-pop artists,' but musically, they share nothing in common. IU sings mostly standard pop, BTS performs mostly hip-hop numbers, and FT Island, light rock," wrote blogger Ask a Korean (one can argue that even this statement is an oversimplification of each idol act).

"We need new words to represent other music from Korea," says Yi. "We don't have that at the moment, so musicians put 'K-' to all sorts of things, like 'K-hip-hop,' 'K-indie,' and more."

But some question if "made in Korea" is even a necessary stamp when categorizing music.

"I sometimes think, why do we even need to put 'K'-anything?" says Zhang. "We're already looking at ourselves through the lens of others. We don't say A-pop (American pop). But the minute we say, 'Our music is K-pop,' it feels like we've restricted ourselves to a region and lowered our own stature."

"It's a none-too-subtle way of reasserting the hegemony of western pop culture," Byrne wrote, emphasizing that the "genre" reinforced the distances between people, between "us" and "them." The concept of the genre "ghettoises most of the world's music. A bold and audacious move, White Man!"

The act of naming genres, especially from "other cultures," reflects the power dynamics of the global music market. For example, Yi points to Khruangbin, a musical trio from Houston, Texas, which blends styles from all over the world, including funk influences from Thailand. Most observers classify the band by its musical styles, such as psych-funk, pop, etc. Yet, "What if Khruangbin was from a third country, like Turkey?" Yi asks. "They'd definitely be classified as 'Turkish music' or 'world music.' Why?"

For many creators and consumers, defining a genre probably isn't the most important aspect of the musical experience. Unfortunately for most bands, including Leenalchi, the question of "what genre?" translates into which markets may accept their music.

"At the end of the day, we're just making music. We want to perform in as many different places as possible," says bassist Jeong. "People can see us through the lens of a specific genre, or not. The fundamental thing is, we need a market to perform. There's a limit to what we can do here in Korea."

Haeryun Kang is a freelance journalist based in Seoul, South Korea, and the creative director of videocusIN, a media incubator.The K-pop industry boasts record album sales this year in spite of canceled tours and stage performances. 



According to Gaon Chart, the nation’s top 400 albums sold 18.08 million copies in the first half of this year -- a 40 percent jump from last year’s 12.33 million and the highest figure since the chart started tallying album sales in 2010. 



Of the 400 albums tracked, the top 100 -- all from K-pop bands or soloists -- sold 16.89 million copies, making up more than 90 percent of the total. 



The top 10 albums alone exceeded a combined 10 million copies. They included albums from BTS, Seventeen, Baekhyun, NCT 127, NCT Dream, TWICE, IZ*ONE and GOT7. 



“Album sales have been driven heavily by K-pop acts with a strong overseas presence and big international fandoms, as the domestic market has reached near saturation,” Kim Jin-woo, chief researcher at Gaon, told The Korea Herald. 



That success defies the trend in the global music industry. Nielsen Music Data reported that US album sales decreased 20 percent in the first half of this year compared with a year earlier. 



“Ironically, the cancellation of concerts and fan meetups due to the pandemic seems to have aided K-pop album sales because the fans didn’t have any other choice. Buying albums was the only way to show support for a while,” said Kim. 



According to Gaon, the bestselling album in the first half of this year was BTS’ “Map of the Soul: 7,” which recorded over 4 million copies (4,265,617). Topping the US’ Billboard, the UK’s Official Chart and Japan’s Oricon, it rose higher and faster than the band’s “Map of the Soul: Persona” (3,718,230 copies) from last year. 



It was also the bestselling album in the US with 552,000 copies, ranking first on the top-selling album chart at the midpoint of 2020, according to Nielsen Music Data. 



Though the septet’s album sales increased by about 100,000 copies compared with the same period last year, the band’s albums made up a lower percentage of the top 100 -- 29.3 percent this year, from 41.9 percent last year. 



This is due to the overall increase in sales of K-pop albums this year as Seventeen, Baekhyun, NCT 127 and IZ*ONE became million-sellers on the strength of wider global fan bases. 



Seventeen -- whose seventh mini-album, “Heng:garae,” ranked No. 2 in album sales -- recently witnessed explosive growth in Japan. Only two or three years ago, the band’s album sales remained in the range of 500,000 copies, but its third full-length album -- “An Ode,” released in September last year -- sold over 800,000. 



“Based on the band’s website traffic, YouTube subscribers and concert ticket sales over the past year, there has been a significant increase in Japanese users in the past couple of years,” said Kim. Japan remains one of the major markets for K-pop, accounting for about 60 percent of its exports. 



“Delight,” the second solo album from EXO vocalist Baekhyun, placed third with 971,876 copies, making the singer an outlier on the group-dominated top 10 list. The sales figure is a record for a solo artist in Gaon’s history. 



Top 10 most sold albums in the first half of 2020 



1. BTS' "Map of the Soul: 7" (4,265,617 copies) 



2. Seventeen's "Heng:garae" (1,207,513 copies) 



3. Baekhyun's "Delight" (971,876 copies) 



4. NCT 127's "NCT #127 Neo Zone" (784,260 copies) 



5. NCT DREAM's "Reload" (604,480 copies) 



6. TWICE's "MORE & MORE" (563,580 copies) 



7. IZ*ONE's "Oneiric Diary (幻想日記)" (511,427 copies) 



8. NCT 127's "NCT #127 Neo Zone The Final Round - The 2nd Album Repackage" (469,074 copies) 



9. IZ*ONE's "BLOOM*IZ" (459,125 copies) 



10. GOT7's "DYE" (444,563 copies)



(Source: Gaon Chart) 





By Kwon Yae-rim (kyr@heraldcorp.com)To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The statue of the Hindu god Ganesha flashed onscreen for just seconds in the music video by Blackpink, an all-female K-pop band. The elephant-headed deity was shown on the floor, near a bejeweled Aladdin lamp, as a member of the band preened and rapped on a golden throne.

That glimpse of Ganesha in the video for “How You Like That” was enough for eagle-eyed K-pop fans, many of them in India, to unleash a torrent of criticism against Blackpink last month, accusing the group of cultural appropriation, of using the religious object as a prop and of defiling it by placing it on the ground. They demanded that the image be removed.

“No hate to the artists but our hindu religion and Gods aren’t a toy/prop/aesthetic for pop culture music videos to use,” a fan from Delhi with the user name Iam_drish wrote on Twitter, adding that it wasn’t the first time Indian and Southeast Asian culture had been disrespected by K-pop.

As the tempest grew, Ganesha suddenly vanished from the video posted on YouTube, and fans declared victory. On Wednesday, Blackpink’s management acknowledged that it had edited the deity out, saying in a statement that its use had been an “unintentional mistake.”DUBAI: In a strange parallel universe somewhere, 2020 has already seen two K-pop festivals in the Middle East — two Dubai gigs, 10 K-pop acts and a world free from the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) that only resorts to serious mask-wearing when it comes to Halloween.

Unfortunately, the reality hasn’t been quite so favorable to your average K-pop fan in the region. The much-anticipated Music Bank Show fell victim to a COVID-19 cancellation, and the K-pop Super Concert followed suit — both events part of a lost weekend at Dubai’s Coca-Cola Arena. But while live music might have succumbed, K-pop’s march into the hearts and minds of Middle Eastern fans remains pandemic-proof.

It’s easy to forget that this is a genre that came about with shaky credibility and little appeal outside Korea. Now, the figures are staggering. K-pop kings BTS are lauded globally, and last year Blackpink became the first K-pop girl group to play Coachella — achieving the highest of cool points in the process.



 

 

 Blackpink became the first K-pop girl group to play Coachella. (AFP) 



Spotify dials things down like this: The big five MENA streamers of K-pop (January 2014-2020) are Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt, Morocco and Algeria, in that order. If you’re streaming, chances are it’s “Boy With Luv” by BTS and Halsey — the most streamed K-pop track in the MENA region for that time period. And while Saudi Arabia might boast the biggest market, Egypt is the most rapidly developing, with a 33 percent increase in K-pop streaming between January 2019-2020.

But to limit the ways in which the Middle East loves K-pop to a simple playlist would be reductive. Look at the 60,000 fans that poured into Riyadh last year to see a groundbreaking show from BTS — also a signifier of greater cultural freedoms in the Kingdom. How about the hundreds of social media fan pages that beat algorithms to drive success for their idols? The BTS UAE Army, the band’s biggest collection of fans in the country, recently pushed an “All Kill” week in English and Arabic. The aim was to get a different song from the “Map of The Soul: 7” album to the number one spot in the UAE iTunes chart each day for a week. It worked, too. Still not impressed? How about this: Last year, so many people wanted to catch a glimpse of EXO in Dubai that they had to close the roads.



 

 

 The last time EXO were in Dubai, they had to close the roads. (Dubai Culture) 



As K-pop has grown in the region, so too has a K-based fascination in other areas, with fans only too willing to immerse themselves in the culture from top to bottom.

“K-pop isn’t just limited to just Korean pop music,” says Ren, an admin for @bangtanuae, the Instagram page for the BTS UAE Army. “It’s a mixture of food, fashion, language, traditions and the country itself. We really just want to learn about Korean culture.”

It certainly doesn’t take long to see that Ren, and others like her, are part of a movement in the Middle East. From supermarkets packed with kimchi to restaurants serving up a spin on the classic hotteok pancakes, Korean culture here is booming, and it has been ably assisted by official efforts to strengthen ties between the two regions, neatly signposted by last year’s Korea Festival in the UAE. You might think that Feb. 14 is Valentine’s Day, but you’d be wrong. It’s officially Emirati-Korean Friendship Day — and has been since 2015.

But while the strength of K-power in the region is clearly visible, the question of why it resonates so much might not be immediately obvious. Success for an artist who sings in his or her own language outside of that language’s region is no easy ride.

Perhaps it all lies in the echoes between Korean and Arab life? In “The Korean Wave: Past and Present,” Mohamed Elaskary, a professor at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies in South Korea, cites the author SW Kim to explain how the Middle East sees itself in K-pop.

“Cultural factors play an important role in the success of Hallyu (the Korean Wave) in the Arab world,” he explains. “Among these factors are the social habits and customs that Arabs share with Koreans, such as family bonds, love stories that are not explicit, friendship and altruism. Compared to Western pop music, with its nudity and obscene lyrics, K-pop fits well into mainstream Arab societies.”

When it comes to the language barrier, K-pop fans don’t really seem to mind that either. Those who don’t simply love it for the catchy melodies or elaborate dance routines just tackle the issue head-on.

“Within the BTS ARMY fandom we have lots of people who volunteer to translate everything the band releases,” Ren said. “Often in many different languages and almost instantly too!”

And if you think an unofficial translation service is a sign of dedication, then others take it a step further.

“A couple of years ago, I came across a Korean TV series called 꽃보다 남자, which roughly translates to ‘Boys Over Flowers,’” says Egypt-based Menna Mahmoud, who discovered her love of K-pop through the country’s other great export: K-drama.

“I liked how funny it was, but I didn’t like that it was dubbed in Arabic, so I decided to start learning Korean,” she said. “I did it for a couple of months and it was really fun. I certainly wouldn’t say I’m fluent, but I could probably just about understand the events of a TV series without resorting to the subtitles button.”

Mahmoud isn’t alone in this; Korean is now one of the most in-demand languages to learn across the Middle East. It’s worth noting that the cultural exchange can be a two-way process, and Korean boy band BIG now sing in both Korean and Arabic.

K-pop’s rise to global prominence has been no accident. In the midst of the Asian economic crisis of the late 90s, it was decided that Korea should attempt to diversify its export power. As a result, the former president, Kim Jae-Dung, was persuaded to use cultural output to help fuel his country’s resurgence. In that respect, K-pop is less an organic trend, more a concerted effort from a nation looking for a soft-power approach to better days. Either way, the move has paid off handsomely.

“K-pop and K-drama play a vital role in Korean imports and tourism to Korea,” explains Elaskary. “Hallyu products, such as K-pop, K-drama and K-beauty, are a driving force in an era of cultural economy products. Hundreds of thousands of people, if not millions, travel every year to visit the places where K-pop songs and K-drama series have been shot, and Korean companies utilize the success of K-pop and K-drama to promote their businesses.”

While the hard-nosed capitalism behind K-pop’s rise might feel a little jarring, the wholesome message of the music remains at the root of its success in the Middle East — and in that respect, it has the power to change lives here, too.

“The music is just so empowering,” says Anne, an admin for the @unitedblinks, the Instagram fanpage for Blackpink UAE. “When I hit rock bottom, Blackpink’s words were straightforward, strong, and motivational. It’s like they were telling me that sulking won’t solve anything, that I should get up and fix myself, because the world doesn’t revolve around me.”The country's largest portal site operator Naver is said to be set to make a massive investment in S.M. Entertainment that could possibly make it the second-largest shareholder of the agency after its founder Lee Soo-man. 

 According to a local media report, the two firms are discussing the capital increase through third-party allocation for Naver to acquire S.M. Entertainment's share. It has not been revealed exactly how much the IT company will pay, but the report predicted a little over 100 billion won ($83.48 million). In 2017, when Naver invested in YG Entertainment's share, it paid the same amount.

 One of the major reasons the portal site operator wants to invest in the entertainment company is because it wants to utilize the intellectual property of its K-pop acts. 

 Naver seeks to distribute not just K-pop content but also overall hallyu-related content through its platform and open up new markets overseas. Also, it hopes to host many more online K-pop concerts amid the current contactless events trend.

 In April, Naver began holding its paid online concert series titled "Beyond Live" in collaboration with S.M. Entertainment. The concert series featured a different K-pop group each Sunday, including SuperM, WayV, NCT Dream, NCT 127, TVXQ and Super Junior. 

 The very first show with SuperM attracted 75,000 viewers worldwide, but the sixth and final event featuring Super Junior raised the bar to 123,000.

 Ticket sales have also increased takings from about 2.5 billion won to 4 billion won. 

 However, this was still not a satisfying result for Naver when it compares to how much BTS' online concert on YouTube earned. 

 K-pop's most popular band gathered nearly 756,600 fans for its first paid online show with viewers in over 107 countries including the United States, England, Japan and China. 

 Considering that a BTS concert is held at a venue with an average capacity of 50,000 spectators, its online show was equivalent to 15 concerts. It is the world's largest paid concert ever held on the internet. 

 Most importantly, the concert made 22 billion won profit from ticket sales alone. Adding the profit that came from ads inserted in the video, Big Hit Entertainment reportedly made at least 25 billion won.

 "This gave a big shock to Naver, which lost K-pop's most beloved band to YouTube," an industry source said. "It should have felt the need to secure content from this case and this is why Naver is investing in S.M. Entertainment to form a stable relationship with it."

 S.M. Entertainment is part of the so-called "big three" K-pop-fueled businesses here along with YG Entertainment and JYP Entertainment. The talent agency owns many K-pop groups like EXO, Red Velvet, NCT and Girls Generation. 

 The two already signed a memorandum of understanding on their global business partnership three months ago. However, they are refusing to comment on Naver's acquisition of S.M. Entertainment's share. 

 "We cannot confirm any information about our investment in S.M. Entertainment," a Naver official said.

 S.M. Entertainment did not respond to any phone calls. 

 As the K-pop market grows around the world, cooperation between platform operators and entertainment companies are becoming more important. 

 Domestic internet company Kakao, which operates the country's most used mobile instant messaging application Kakao Talk, acquired Loen Entertainment in 2016. Loen is a music label that has popular musicians like IU, NU'EST and EXID. It also operates the domestic market-leading online music streaming service Melon. 

 Kakao launched a combined media company in March 2018, calling it Kakao M. It currently owns seven talent agencies for actors and four music labels. 

 Within the second half of this year, it is also planning to start a video platform like Naver's VLive. Kakao will offer content featuring singers and actors it owns under the subsidiary. 

 "The COVID-19 pandemic has put an indefinite halt to many K-pop bands' concerts overseas, which led to plunging revenue and inevitable company restructuring. This will provide a chance for platform operators to seek partnerships with market-leading talent agencies that own popular content," an industry source said. 

 The country's largest media company CJ ENM owns its own over-the-top service tving.com. 

 For its global business expansion, it signed a partnership deal with Netflix last November.

 "We have been distributing Netflix series under a case-by-case deal. However, starting from March this year, we signed a long-term contract to create original Netflix content and export our content abroad through the platform," a CJ ENM official said.

 "We have our own platform and Netflix's overseas distribution network so we don't have any need for business partnerships with Naver or Kakao."K-pop artist and producer Zico will begin his alternative military service later this month, his management agency said Tuesday. 



He will enter a boot camp on July 30 for four weeks of basic military training and will then serve as a social worker, according to KOZ Entertainment.



All able-bodied South Korean men are required to serve in the military, but those judged unfit for active-duty service are allowed to serve an alternative one. Zico reportedly has health issues.



Since his debut with Block B in 2011, Zico has carved out a solid presence as a K-pop producer. Last year, he released his first full-length solo album. (Yonhap)K-pop fans are using the same social media tactics they employ to support music stars for social justice activism.

Amid Black Lives Matter protests in the United States, K-pop fans are being hailed as a new force in politics and social justice.

In recent weeks, they flooded a Dallas police intelligence app trying to collect “illegal activity from the protests” with fancams – video clips of K-pop performers – until it crashed.

Armed with K-pop clips, they have spammed similar police surveillance requests on Twitter, a birthday card for President Trump, and taken over racist hashtags like #WhiteLivesMatter and #itsokaytoberacist.

Teens on TikTok, including K-pop fans, also claimed to have reserved a significant number of tickets to Trump’s poorly attended Tulsa rally with no intention of going.

Fans of Korean pop music are not usually associated with online activism. But these online actions, amid the protests over the police killing of George Floyd, are forcing the public to pay attention and re-evaluate the power of fans.

“I think, basically, what we’re seeing is a mobilisation of young people,” said Michelle Cho, a researcher of Korean film and media.

Regardless of whether or not they identify as K-pop fans, she said these people are progressive and dissatisfied with the current mechanisms for political action.

“[They] are frustrated with a more moderate or establishment approaches to questions about systemic racism and anti-Blackness,” said Cho, an assistant professor of East Asian popular cultures at the University of Toronto in Canada.

And they are using platform manipulation activities to have a voice, Cho added.

The spontaneous participation of K-pop fans in these actions blurs a trolling or pranking activity with a political gesture, she said.

“I think it’s broader than K-pop, but K-pop fans have become this kind of chimaera or idea that the public now has of this mysterious force that can be activated and mobilised and almost summoned to help achieve some goal,” Cho explained.

Diasporic Asians were the first K-pop fans in the West. They shared their love of the genre with their friends, many of them young women and people of colour. Today, the fanbase is diverse. Many fans are teenagers or in their early 20s, but there are also some who are much older.

“In 2020, it’s (K-pop in North America) sort of crossed over into more of a mainstream pop culture for a certain demographic,” Cho said, citing the recent YouTube Originals commencement ceremony Dear Class of 2020, whose line-up included the Obamas, Beyonce, and boy group BTS, the most popular K-pop act.

Understanding this online activism, said fans and academics, requires seeing young people beyond just being fans.

“We often talk about fandoms as collectives, but it is really important to realise that these spaces are made up of individuals,” said Dr Candace Epps-Robertson, a fan and assistant professor at the University of North Carolina who researches BTS, its fans, and social justice.

“People enter into these fandom communities with lots of ideas and commitments; some may be political, or tied to social issues.”

Morgan Hayes, 24, and Catrina Kokkoris, 23, are K-pop “stans”, meaning super fans, and the duo behind the New York City-based podcast Kpop Critical. For them, K-pop is a hobby – it is fun to follow, and there is plenty to critique.

For both, the current conversation about stans’ activism is “very one note”.

“There are also a lot of K-pop stans who will go out of their way to doxx (publicising the personal information of) young Black women online for their opinions on K-pop,” said Catrina.

Among fans, young Black women are sometimes attacked for voicing their concerns about cultural appropriation, among other things.

“There’re all of these narratives of Instagrammers, TikTokers, K-pop stans fighting the good fight, doing this or that. And to me, it’s more like people who have interests and skillsets and hobbies coming together and using those hobbies to fight for something that they believed in anyways,” she added.

Morgan spread the word on social media about disrupting the Dallas police app after she saw a post: “Someone was like, ‘Wow, that would really suck if somebody sent fancams.'” She thought it was hilarious and shared the tactic.

Devoted fans are known for randomly, and annoyingly, overwhelming Twitter threads with videos, images and memes of their favourite band.

“A lot of people were like, ‘Perfect, [they] found the perfect place to drop all of their videos for good use,'” said Catrina.

They both believe it is mostly teenagers who disrupted the app because they often have this content on their phones. “The kids are geared up to just like post whatever, at any moment,” Morgan said, adding that these actions are about “teens being super quick.”

One Reddit user, and K-pop fan who identified as a 15-year-old boy from the UK, said he sent about 100 pictures and fancams to the Dallas police portal, then “me and others continued our antics” by flooding racist hashtags with K-pop.

In general, K-pop fans are used to mobilising to promote their favourite groups on different platforms to help get them to the top of the music charts. “Those tactics, I think, are really immediately applicable to political uses,” Cho said.

BTS fans, or ARMY (an acronym for Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth), as they are known, are particularly organised, strategic and collaborative.

“I don’t think we’ve ever seen a fandom this large before and they span all over the globe,” said Nicole Santero, a sociology PhD student at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas who researches ARMY culture, and shares data insights on the @ResearchBTS account.

While there are no clear numbers about the global ARMY, given that BTS has nearly 27 million followers on Twitter, with many of them active, she said the fandom is easily in the millions. The fans are diverse; a lot are young people, but there are individuals of all ages right up to their 60s, she said.

K-pop fans easily create worldwide trends or take over conversations.

With their numbers and structure, this is especially true of ARMY. “It doesn’t take much for them to trend things,” Santero explains. In May, for example, there were only two days when a hashtag or term related to BTS was not trending worldwide.

They do not often take over hashtags for social justice or political reasons, according to Santero. It usually happens for a philanthropic initiative.

While K-pop is largely a non-political arena in South Korea, stars and their fans contribute to charitable causes. There is a tradition of fans organising to contribute rice, money or other donations to their star’s charities of choice. This public service has spilled over into international fandoms.

ARMY is changing the way we see social media and philanthropic activities, Santero believes.

The fans will often assist campaigns by raising awareness. “A lot of the times, ARMY will take those hashtags and spread it around with bigger accounts,” she said. For instance, they have mobilised to find a rare blood type donor for one fan’s grandfather. Because they are visible and active, especially on Twitter, she said, people will call on them for help.

BTS’s messages about inclusivity, positivity, and self-empowerment, and voicing young people’s struggles, resonate with fans, as do undertakings such as Love Myself, a fundraising campaign with UNICEF to stop violence against children. Fans see the group as standing apart in K-pop, as underdogs who forged their own path in a manufactured industry.

Charitable fundraising for social issues has become a defining part of ARMY culture.

“It’s like idol, like fandom, right? They have positive role models, and so they want to also be just like them,” Santero said.

Fans, passionate about their bands, have the in-built characteristics of activists, and this translates into supporting social issues and taking collective action, said Santero.

In early June, BTS donated one million dollars to the Black Lives Matter movement, and made a statement against racial discrimination. Then, within about 24 hours, fans matched that donation.

The One in an ARMY fan collective, which since 2018 has been running monthly charity campaigns for non-profits around the world, centralised and tracked those donations to a select list of movement organisations.

“No one really said, Let’s do it in 24 hours,” said Erika Overton, 40, a One in an Army spokesperson who lives near Atlanta, in the US, and a fan since 2017. But matching the contribution became a self-imposed challenge.

The name, she said, comes from the idea that in such a massive fandom, even if everyone gives a micro-donation, the effect is huge. “We’re more powerful working together,” she said.

The culture of charity is “a pay-it-forward sort of thing” for receiving so much through BTS’s music and the fan community, according to Erika.

Within the global community, people educate each other about different issues, provide tutoring, professional advice and mental health support.

Gigi, a Sudanese-Canadian doctor in her mid-30s, became a devoted ARMY in 2016.

“Basically, what I see as a central ARMY experience is the educational and transformational value of exposure to so many global perspectives on things,” she explains. “I learned a lot, and my empathy and understanding of others has increased.”

One in an ARMY has 28 volunteers from the US, Malaysia, Morocco and other countries, but not South Korea. It started with a project to help medics in Syria.

They poll their followers to see what they want to support, and based on that will design and promote campaigns, directing fans – they do not collect donations – often to small charities that they have vetted, and for tangible impact. Hundreds of thousands of people donate to the campaigns, Erika said.

They have provided families in Tanzania with clean drinking water for 25 years. In April, they ran a COVID-19 campaign to support nine charities they have helped in the past, including one working with refugee dance teachers in Rwanda – now facing a loss of income due to the pandemic. They also organised for emergencies, such as the bushfires in Australia earlier this year or for Indian migrant workers affected by coronavirus, often through “crisis carrds” listing ways to help.

Within the wider world of K-pop, fans in North America have stood for other causes. They have lobbied the industry and the “Big 3” entertainment companies for better work conditions for performers, more openness on LGBTQ issues and awareness of cultural appropriation, and to speak in support of the Black Lives Matter movement.

In South Korea, the movement has largely been seen as an American issue, and people are wary about idols getting involved in politics, according to Cho. Performers have to carefully balance how they acknowledge their domestic and American fans, she said.

Morgan would like to see a more considered approach by idols with big platforms when it comes to social justice issues. She referred to a #blackouttuesday Instagram post by a member of NCT127 which had no links or information about how people can support the movement.

A new band, 2Z, Morgan and Catrina point out, were praised for being one of the first acts to respond to the murder of George Floyd with a picture of them taking a knee. That was quickly seen as something exploitative and as opportunistic self-promotion, however, when one member sampled Floyd’s dying words.

When asked about BTS’s one-million-dollar donation, she said it needs to be something sustained for non-profits to survive and music companies need to be consistent if they care.

“That million dollars is just a deposit, especially if your music relies heavily on Black people, and the cultural contributions that we’ve given,” said Morgan.

“I guess more in a true revolutionary spirit, there has to be work that’s done every day, no matter how small or large it is,” said Catrina.

Cho thinks the affirmative feedback K-pop fans are getting will see them get involved in more actions. “I don’t think this is a one-off. I think that it’ll probably continue,” she said, pointing out that this is happening amid a growing consciousness and continuing conversations about systemic racism.

“I think people are reassessing how they use the internet and social media and how this could be a space where people actually make change,” said Morgan.

The outrage caused by George Floyd’s death, and as people sit with themselves at home because of coronavirus measures, have made them reflective, she said.

Just as society is picking sides, K-pop fans are, too, said Catrina.

“Younger progressive K-pop fans learning more and more every day – and just growing up in America and realising the long history of police brutality against Black people, the long history of slavery, lynching and violence – are starting to learn how to use their voice in this.”To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.It’s natural for K-pop fans to mobilise against racism, and we can expect to see plenty more of such activism in the near future, says Steven Borowiec.

SEOUL: In recent weeks, South Koreans watched with mixed feelings as K-pop fans and artists spoke out on political matters in the United States.

K-pop fans mobilised online to drown out racist hashtags against Black Lives Matter protests, and also registered for tickets to a rally held by US President Donald Trump with no intention of attending.

Some South Korean fans expressed trepidation that US politics could be a slippery slope for K-pop acts, such as BTS, who expressed support for the Black Lives Matter movement.

These fans said that US politics is unfamiliar territory for artists, who could get pulled into debates and associated with causes they may not fully identify with.

READ: Commentary: K-pop’s hardcore fans are propelling social movements, but have blind spots

But as US-based fans have taken to activism, the more common reaction has been celebration of K-pop’s contribution to efforts to create a fairer society in the US.

In the memorable words of one South Korean commentator, “It’s natural that K-pop fans would give Trump a big taffy to eat.”

In Korean, instructing someone to “eat taffy” equates roughly to a middle-finger gesture. In 2014, after the South Korean national football team got clobbered at the World Cup, upon their return home, fans pelted them with taffy to communicate their disappointment.

While K-pop is apolitical music, it is nevertheless natural for K-pop fans to rally against racism, and we can expect to see plenty more of this sort of activism in the near future.

It is important to not treat K-pop fans as a monolithic group. Fans of popular Korean-language music come from all over the world and the music itself is divided into subgenres.

What we’re usually talking about when “K-pop” comes up is idol music – a musical landscape of polished performers cultivated by major music labels.

K-pop idol music did not spring forth from activism, but rather, aspiration, with groups performing slick songs accompanied by tightly choreographed dance routines.

Idol music has its origins in the early 1990s, when South Korea was a young democracy coming out of decades of authoritarian rule. It began as an escape from the political.

READ: Commentary: So much wrong in US response to George Floyd protests

The spark of recent US protests was the death of George Floyd, an unarmed African-American man who begged for his life while being smothered by a police officer.

The particularly brutal circumstances of Floyd’s death, seen in a slow-burn video that showed Floyd panicking while three police officers stood by as a colleague kneeled on his neck, lit a fuse of simmering anger over police violence.

As protests swelled in many US cities, the online sphere filled with expressions of outrage over institutional racism and calls for change.

K-pop fans banded together online, using fancam videos to drown a police effort to collect footage of protesters. They embarrassed Trump by block-reserving seats of his Tulsa rally, misleading him to believe that the event will be a sold-out success.

READ: Trump looking to reverse fortunes after Tulsa fiasco

It isn’t hard to see why K-pop fans would be motivated to act against Trump and racist police violence. Trump has made demonisation of anyone who isn’t white, born in the US and English-speaking a lynchpin of his appeal to supporters.

He has castigated immigrants as rapists and criminals. He has worked to deny the rights of asylum seekers and described majority-black districts of the US as “rat and rodent infested”.

READ: Commentary: Trump’s work visa suspension may wind up as self-sabotage

K-pop fans generally do not come from demographic groups that support Trump in large numbers. Many are young and people of colour, and probably feel personally attacked by Trump’s divisive rhetoric.

Moreover, K-pop acts owe a lot to African-American performers, with many K-pop artists borrowing styles of rapping and dancing from black music.

In short, while idol music is a top-down creation of large management companies, it is also music that resonates with people who feel they don’t fit into the majority.

K-pop fandom is for many a source of identity and community. Fans gather online in communities to express support for their favourite acts in much the same way sports fans do, watching their idols’ every move and cheering them on.

Before the coronavirus scuttled live events, those fans gathered offline to attend concerts and fan meetings, even showing up at the airport when a group was flying in or out of their city.

READ: Commentary: How world sensation BTS took K-pop fandom to a whole new level

READ: Commentary: Goo Hara’s death should lead K-pop fans to do some soul-searching

Idol music also prominently features messages of love. Themes of antagonism or confrontation are rare in idol lyrics.

For example, BTS, one of the most popular and successful K-pop acts in the world, have built a literal “Army” (the name of their fanbase) with messages of compassion and acceptance.

The lyrics to one BTS song state, “I live so I love” and “If it’s love I will love you.”

That is about as far away from Trump as it’s possible to get. The president bases his persona on appearing strong by depicting himself as tough and uncompromising.

His “America First” mantra is based on the idea that under liberal presidents, America got pushed around and taken advantage of.

When running for president, Trump pledged to end this humiliation and bully adversaries and allies alike into bending to America’s will. In one election debate, he appeared to use his physical stature to intimidate his opponent, Hillary Clinton.

Trump’s insistence on pursuing self-interest is at odds with K-pop fans’ collective and inclusive mindset.

READ: Commentary: Twitter may have just helped Trump get re-elected

READ: Commentary: Trump is struggling against two invisible enemies – COVID-19 and Joe Biden

K-pop fans find their strength in numbers, and their well-established tactics of swarming to support their favourite artists can easily be deployed for political activism.

To address challenges including racism, COVID-19, economic decline and climate change, collective action is necessary. You can bet that K-pop fans will be heard from later this year when campaigning for the US presidential election ramps up.

It remains to be seen how K-pop fans will take conventional political action like voting.

But the takeaway from K-pop fans’ new storming of US politics is a very old lesson: Collective action is effective. Those who are young and tech-savvy have an advantage over the old guard.

In the near future, K-pop fans could harness their tactics to shape cultural and political movements.

Steven Borowiec is the politics editor of Korea Expose.BLACKPINK's modernized outfits pique interest of overseas fans

 When BLACKPINK released their highly anticipated music video of "How You Like That" in late June, it was not their music, but their fashion that stole the show. 

 Being stylishly reinterpreted with its traditional traits intact, the Korean costume, hanbok, mesmerized global fans and has encouraged them to discover Korea's traditional beauty that was lesser known than K-pop.

 BLACKPINK members are globally recognized fashionistas. They have already proven their impeccable fashion taste by becoming faces of luxury fashion houses: Jennie is Chanel's house ambassador, Rose is Saint Laurent's global ambassador, Jisoo is Dior's Beauty ambassador and Lisa is the muse for Celine.

 In "How You Like That" music video, which earned multiple Guinness World Record titles for being the most viewed video, music video and K-pop video on YouTube in a 24-hour period, BLACKPINK members dance in "modified hanbok" with bright colors and bold prints. 

 The costumes worn by BLACKPINK were modernized and reformed so that the members were comfortable enough to dance in them while also keeping hanbok's traditional traits.

 This has left Blinks (BLACKPINK's global fan community) in complete awe, drawing international attention to Korean traditional clothes.

 Nowadays Koreans wear hanbok, well-known for its elegant lines and vibrant colors, on special occasions. However, it has transformed into a trendy fashion item to wear among the younger generation and overseas tourists thanks to K-pop stars and K-dramas playing a part in spreading the beautiful costume. 

 The K-pop act also made its global comeback performance wearing modified hanbok outfits on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" on NBC.



Many commenters on YouTube lauded BLACKPINK's outfits and new looks.

 One fan wrote, "Outfits are just gorgeous. Can I have a catalog of the girls' outfits?" Another wrote, "OMG I can only see their outfits and their nails."

 Danha, a designer who produced modified hanbok for Jennie and Rose, explained that BLACKPINK's stylist team further stylized the outfits to make sure they do not hinder the artists' movements. 

 "Rose's hanbok was inspired by cheollik, military officials' clothes, while Jennie's hanbok is a phoenix robe, which was worn by classical scholars during Joseon Kingdom," Danha said. 

 "After launching the global online mall, the number of daily visitors and foreign customers have increased dramatically. About half of the buyers are from the U.S., followed by China, Europe and Southeast Asia," she said. 



Danha also responded to the criticism that "modernized" hanbok designs are distorting authentic tradition. The designer agreed that although people may differ on their beliefs regarding maintaining tradition, what is more essential is to keep the core of tradition in their hearts.

 "I'm worried that traditional hanbok is losing its place in society," Keum Jong-suk, a professor at the Korea National University of Cultural Heritage, said during an open forum on the subject of "Wearing Our Dress Right" held in 2018.

 "Making modernized hanbok does not mean I don't respect our tradition or treat it lightly. I want to promote that hanbok has more diverse charms than showcasing elegant and feminine traits. I'd also like hanbok to gain a foothold in overseas fashion markets," Danha said. 

 BLACKPINK is not the first K-pop act to incorporate elements of Korean traditional clothes into K-pop.

 In 2018, BTS donned stylish black and yellow hanbok outfits while dancing on a digitally generated yellow pavilion in their music video for "Idol."

 Earlier in May, BTS's Suga appeared in a music video for his solo track "Daechwita" wearing hanbok, fusing elements of traditional Korean music and visuals. The term "daechwita" refers to a genre of Korean traditional music performed with wind and percussion instruments usually at a king's parade or military ceremonies.

 Culture Minister Park Yang-woo praised Suga for infusing traditional elements into his music, recommending the song to foreign students in Korea.

 The Hanbok Advancement Center said although there are a few who perceive BLACKPINK's hanbok outfits as sabotaging traditional heritage, it is overall exciting to note that the K-pop act successfully promoted hanbok to the world.

 "Excessive regulation on the shape of hanbok may threaten or undermine the youth culture adoption of wearing hanbok in everyday life. So we are trying to create a desirable hanbok culture through various businesses and promotional campaigns rather than regulations," the center official said.Entertainment labels are no longer willing to tolerate broadcasters that release and sell unaired behind-the-scene clips or “fancams” of their artists without permission. 



The Korea Music Content Association, Korea Management Federation and Korea Entertainment Producers’ Association on Wednesday filed a petition to the nation’s Fair Trade Commission calling for a revision to the current unfair contract practices with TV stations.



In Korea, pop artists appear in music show programs such as KBS “Music Bank” and SBS “Inkigayo” without separate contracts signed between their labels and TV stations. It has long been accepted that broadcasts have complete control of the footage because the artists are being filmed for broadcast purposes as part of promotional activities.



But the decades-old industry practice is increasingly being questioned more recently as TV stations start uploading edited footage or close-up fancams of artists via popular online platforms like YouTube for profit, sometimes reselling the clips to third parties like telecom firms without permission. 



When it comes to a YouTube video with music in the background, the platform detects the song’s record label or distributor and pays a set royalty rate that may trickle down to the artists as well as songwriters, composers and others involved, depending on the contract. But for TV show clips that cumulatively rack up billions of views, there is no profit-sharing with artists. 



“The purpose of the petition is to set fairer business practices between broadcasting stations and K-pop labels,” said Choi Kwang-ho, secretary-general of the Korea Content Association. 



The nation’s antitrust watchdog has started reviewing the issue with the Culture Ministry as well as TV stations. 



“We have also acknowledged the problem. We plan to finalize the details of the new contract rules by the end of this year for official approval,” an FTC official told The Korea Herald. 



By Kwon Yae-rim (kyr@heraldcorp.com)In the past few weeks, K-pop has taken up a new place in American political discourse. Fans, once written off as “rabid teenage girls”, are now being taken seriously as agents of political change in the social-media age. Well, sort of.

The recent wave of positive media coverage began after the police killing of George Floyd. Globally, fans used fancams of their favourite idols to spam police surveillance apps and racist hashtags, while also encouraging each other to donate to anti-racist, pro-Black organisations. At the weekend, hype around K-pop fans and TikTok users reached another peak when a story began circulating on Twitter that fans had registered for tickets for President Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally to artificially inflate anticipated attendance numbers – the turnout was 6,200 people in a 19,000-person arena, and a second rally was completely cancelled. On 20 June, US Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted, “KPop allies, we see and appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice too.”

The wave crested again the morning of Monday 22 June, when two broadcast media moments went viral simultaneously. In the first, a Fox News report on the Trump rally included the line, “And there were these reports that teenagers on TikTok and fans of the group K-pop took credit, because they reserved a bunch of tickets never intending to show up.” By accidentally citing a group “K-pop” instead of naming specific artists (though as several people on Twitter pointed out, there coincidentally was a group in the early 2000s called K-pop), Fox News inadvertently highlighted a crucial issue from the past few weeks — K-pop fans are not identical.

In the second moment, actual K-pop group TOMORROW X TOGETHER (known as TXT) did a live interview with local Fox affiliate program Good Day New York. In it, the news anchor brought up the Trump rally directly to them. The members of TXT, who all hail from Korea except for Huening Kai (who was born in Hawaii but grew up abroad and now lives in Korea), looked visibly uncomfortable. Which makes sense, considering the relatively young group (they debuted just last year) was being asked to explain the actions of hundreds of thousands of people — many of whom aren’t necessarily TXT fans — as well as the actions of a president who is largely not their own.

Together, the two moments presented the ultimate version of a common media narrative from the past few weeks: that K-pop fans are a united, positive, and surprising force for change, and should be memed, celebrated, and analysed as such. But in creating a monolith out of K-pop fans, the conversation has pivoted to just another way to not take them seriously.

“Like any other part of fandom culture, nothing about K-pop is united nor progressive,” says Ahomari, one of the hosts of 106 & Seoul: A Black K-Pop Podcast, which started in January of this year with an episode comparing the South Korean artist BoA’s 2009 English debut album to Britney Spears’s 2007 album Blackout. “[K-pop] can be political when world issues arise, but being a K-Pop fan is literally just [being] a fan of K-Pop.”

Adam, who runs the popular BTS fan account @BTSBEINGBTSYT, mentions that recent coverage has theorised that K-pop fans stood in solidarity with Black Lives Matter “because they face similar hardships,” a suggestion that “is far from true but also disrespectful,” he says. “This take also ends up overlooking the fact that there are BIPOC fans who face these injustices, hence why they may speak out.”

On a similar note, Ahomari describes how anti-racism work within K-pop is largely being done by Black K-pop fans – but they often aren’t the face of the resistance within the fandom. “It’s been disheartening watching… K-pop fans be praised for fighting against racism and supporting Black Lives Matter,” they say. “I say that because the face of that is majority white and non-Black.”

Though Ahomari acknowledges the success of movements like the one behind the Dallas surveillance app being crashed, they feel that the larger discussion continues to leave out Black fans. A recent example is the “whitelivesmatter” hashtag takeover, which Business Insider also called attention to in its recent coverage as an action with “counterproductive” consequences.

“You’re just trending their message with a fancam attached,” Ahomari says. “The way that some white K-pop journalists write about fandom and its culture perpetuates the narrative Black fans are fighting against currently… It feels like Black fans are collateral damage just to sell the idea of unity, fandom, and K-pop.”

Another side to the conversation is the response from non-fans about productive fan activities, says Dr Candace Epps-Robertson, an assistant professor of English at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, in the field of rhetoric and literacy studies. When BTS fans matched BTS’s $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter earlier this month, the common tone was one of congratulatory disbelief and surprise — as if it’s shocking that fans can have a conscience.

“Yes, I am ARMY [a nickname for the BTS fandom], but that doesn’t mean I check my other commitments at the door,” Epps-Robertson says. “For me, part of what drew me into BTS were their messages around socio-cultural issues… I realise that not everyone is entering this fandom because they want to be engaged in politics, but for some of us, this music is an invitation to consider big issues and think about our place and actions in the world.”

As Adam puts it, “Online activism isn’t uncharted territory for many K-pop fandoms.” It’s also not uncharted territory for fandoms throughout history, as Dr Casey Fiesler — who researches social computing, law, ethics, and fan communities at the University of Colorado, Boulder — noted in a recent thread examining fandom history. Fiesler and PhD student Brianna Dym recently published an article on privacy and ethics in fandom research.

“Mostly I want to see fandom respected, taken seriously, and treated with care,” Fiesler explained. “It’s been dismissed and even stigmatised for a long time, but the things that people do in fandom are really amazing — whether it’s writing novel-length stories that are better than a lot of published work, or building hugely successful platforms from scratch, or coordinating to help the world.” Fan studies and fan scholarship delve into so many different facets of what it means to like what you like and mobilise around it online — clearly there’s more to unpack than one article or news segment can tackle (even this one!).

Recent western media coverage can feel like the other side of the “all K-pop fans are screaming teenage girls” generalisation. Now, the summary is that all K-pop fans are magnanimous and politically-motivated teens, systematically taking on inequality wherever they find it. (These narratives also tend to leave out the vast number of fans in their 20s, 30s, 40s, 50, 60s, and beyond.) Both blanket statements do fans and onlookers an injustice: to see nuance and complexity is to see opportunities for growth and lessons learned.

Further, it’s a massive conversation. Dynamics in fandom are multi-layered, with inside jokes, funny memes, and anti-racist movements paired right alongside entrenched biases, xenophobia, doxxing, and continued racism. “The fans who have BLM in their display name and bio are the same ones being abusive towards Black fans online,” Ahomari says. “The conversation has been hijacked when we, the actual Black people who are also K-Pop fans, are the ones fighting for our lives while also combatting the abuse from non-black K-Pop fans who only see us as something trendy to care about, something to gaslight, and something to harass.”

Epps-Robertson acknowledges the difficulty of having complex conversations on Twitter, where harassment is rampant and listening is uncommon, but she has seen some cases where they are happening.

“As someone who studies rhetoric, in particular rhetoric connected to social justice, I’m most fascinated by the effort I’ve seen amongst ARMY who are working to have really complicated conversations online,” Epps-Robertson says. “When there was a concerted and coordinated attempt to help trend #BlackLivesMatter, I saw efforts being made to help educate people on the movement and the larger history of race in America.”

Perhaps non-participants will never wholly understand the distinct, paradoxical joys and disappointments at play in fandom, and conversations happening inside the fandom will always be more nuanced than those happening outside it. But fans themselves can take this momentum, however uncomfortable, and use it to enact actual change within their own circles. (Writer Zyahna Bryant recently outlined how to take concrete, anti-racist action in your life.)

“I can’t say that there is a one-size fits all approach for these problems and certainly can’t speak for all fandoms, but I do hope people will continue to address these issues by acknowledging their presence, recognising their complexity, and listening to people who are doing the work to address these issues,” Epps-Robertson says. “For me, that means that I’m not just listening to academics. I have to listen to other fans, many of whom have been in these spaces addressing these issues for far longer.”

This article first appeared at TeenVogue.com.BTS online concert records 22 bil. won ticket sales

 The new coronavirus pandemic could have become a disaster for entertainment companies here until they took it as a chance to go online and start holding concerts on virtual platforms. 

 For talent agencies like Big Hit Entertainment, SM Entertainment and YG Entertainment, sales coming from concerts count a lot. When COVID-19 started to spread around the world, all three foresaw problems as they had to cancel all their K-pop groups' concerts abroad. 

 BTS held 62 small and large concerts in and outside Korea last year that earned 198.6 billion won ($164.18 million) for Big Hit Entertainment, or one third of the company's annual sales of 587.9 billion won in 2019.

 This year, Big Hit Entertainment had planned to hold 39 concerts as part of BTS's world tour covering South Korea, the United States, Canada, England, Germany, Spain and Japan. However, most of them were either canceled or postponed indefinitely.

 To quickly make up for what could possibly be a huge economic loss, domestic entertainment companies found the alternative of holding concerts online. They figured there was no better option when the world was practicing social distancing with strong recommendations for people to stay home and avoid group gatherings. 

 BTS held its very first online concerts on April 18 and 19 on YouTube under the title of "BTS ONLINE CONCERT WEEKEND, which ran for a combined 23 hours and 13 minutes and recorded 50.59 billion views in total.

 Such a success was possible as Big Hit Entertainment has been utilizing online platforms since August 2018. For a year, it aired BTS concerts at movie theaters live and streamed the shows online garnering 410,000 and 230,000 views respectively. 

 The entertainment company also produced a documentary featuring the behind the scenes story of BTS concerts that was watched by 4.6 million fans, more than double the 2.06 million that actually went to the boy band's live shows. 

 Following the success of free concerts in April, Big Hit Entertainment held the biggest paid online show, June 14, allowing 756,600 viewers from 107 countries to log in at the same ― 15 times more than the 50,000 spectators that an average large-scale concert venue accommodates. 

 "Is this the future of concerts? It is little frightening," said BTS member RM during the concert. "But we are able to do this because of our fans from all over the world. We hope the time comes quickly when we can gather in reality for our shows. Until then, we will do our best to do whatever else we can offer."

 Big Hit Entertainment used its affiliate "beNX's" online e-commerce platform "Weverse Shop" to air the BTS concert in South Korea and Kiswe Mobile to stream the show in the United States. 

 The tickets cost 29,000 won for members of the BTS fan club and 39,000 won for non-members. Big Hit Entertainment earned 22 billion won from selling tickets and also generated profit from two 100-minute commercial periods played in between concert streams.

 This was a huge improvement considering that BTS's agency earned 4.6 billion won from streaming the boy band's concert at Wembley Stadium in London on Naver last June attracting 140,000 people. 

 When Big Hit Entertainment exclusively streamed BTS's live show, S.M. Entertainment demanded use of augment reality technology to give a unique experience to the audience. 

 In collaboration with Naver, the country's largest portal site, S.M. Entertainment launched the first paid online concert called "Beyond LIVE" with its boy band SuperM. 

 When SuperM revealed its new song "Tiger Inside" during the online concert, a 3-D graphics-generated big cat ran around the stage.

 The seven-member group's performance was aired live for 120 minutes and over 75,000 viewers from 109 countries logged in to watch the show.

 A single tickets cost 33,000 won ($27.28) and via calculations based on audience numbers the entertainment company is estimated to have earned over 2.4 billion won in ticket sales. 

 Following SuperM's concert online, six more bands held concerts on virtual platforms successfully and the number of viewers increased with each new event. 

 S.M. Entertainment's very first online concert with SuperM attracted 75,000 fans. By the time it held its sixth show on the internet with Super Junior, a total of 123,000 fans viewed online. 

 "Online performances cannot completely replace live performances, said Lee Dong-yeon, a professor at the Korea National University of Arts. "However, it showed the potential for contactless concerts. We need to think about how we can both develop both online and live concerts."

 Lee Hwa-jung, a researcher at NH Investment & Securities agreed that online concerts cannot substitute for the traditional concert experience but they can promote album sales. 

 "Considering that fan meeting events function more as marketing events than generating profits in the first place, we expect cost savings through online events," said Lee.Most theaters in America may be closed, but one musical theater show is not letting that stop it from preparing.

“KPOP” is a musical exploring the world of Korean pop music. The producers are doing a video-based casting call worldwide in hopes of being ready when live performances restart.

Jason Kim is the playwright, or writer, of the musical. “We really hope as soon as possible to get into a room with all these people and see them in person,” he told the Associated Press.

Producers are looking for Korean, Korean American and Asian American men and women in their 20s. They “must be excellent singers” with a strong pop sound and great dancers. Knowing K-pop music is, of course, helpful.

Claire Burke is a casting director at Tara Rubin Casting in New York. She said she and her team have a “very tall ask.” They are looking for performers who have all the energy and lovability of pop stars and also serious acting skills.

“It’s about the shine and the performance and the dancing and the singing — that’s huge,” she said. But people also need to be able to really feel the emotion of it.

Those who hope to be in the musical are asked to send a video of themselves singing a pop or K-pop song and a video of their dance moves. Submissions have so far come from the United States, South Korea, Britain, Canada, Japan and Kazakhstan and other countries.

When “KPOP” returns, it will represent a rare thing — a live theater production with a nearly all-Asian cast. The last time New York City had anything like that was in 2015 with “Allegiance.” It was a musical based on American actor George Takei’s life in a Japanese internment camp during World War II.

Kim said he strongly believes the right performers are out there and have been “for a really long time."

“KPOP,” which had its first showing in New York City in 2017, follows the lives of three sets of performers. It follows a boy band, a girl band and a young woman singer as they try to gain success in the American music market.

Theater critics have had great things to say about “KPOP.”

In the original musical, crowds followed different performers from room to room. Kim is rewriting it for a more traditional theater setting and songwriter Helen Park is adding new songs.

The show is changing just as K-pop music is. In the years since it began, Americans have learned more about the music, including such groups as BTS, EXO and BLACKPINK. K-pop fans have also spoken online about everything from Black Lives Matter to Donald Trump.

Kim has been helping the casting people go through hundreds of submissions to cast for 12 performers.

Candidates who the team likes are sent material from the show to record and submit. The next step is a live video meeting with the creative team. Then, if chosen, candidates receive a message that they will see everyone at rehearsals — whenever that happens.

Burke’s team is showing understanding about the quality of submissions because of the coronavirus crisis. The usual process has candidates in a room together learning dance moves at the same time. It also has a trained actor as an audition reader along with a person who knows the music. None of that is happening for the online process.

Instead, the “KPOP” team has to deal with poor home microphones, bad lighting and the real chance that a candidate’s mother or sister is holding the cellular phone to record.

“I don’t want to say forgiving, but I am definitely more mindful that everyone has a very different situation” when they are recording and submitting a video, Burke said.

She said the most exciting thing about her job is when she finds people who may never have thought about musical theater as a career.

The Associated Press reported this story. Alice Bryant adapted it for Learning English. Bryan Lynn was the editor.

casting - n. assigning roles for a play, movie or something else

submission - n. a document, proposal, piece of writing, or something else that is given to someone to be considered or approved

internment - n. the act of putting someone in a prison for political reasons or during a war

band - n. a usually small group of musicians who play or perform music together

candidate - n. a person who is being considered for a job, position, award or something else

rehearsal - n. an event at which a person or group practices an activity (such as singing, dancing, or acting) in order to prepare for a public performance

audition - n. a short performance to show the talents of someone who is being considered for a roleMake way for the ladies! If you’re just getting into the genre, here are some K-pop girl groups you absolutely must know.

Even if you’re a casual fan, you know that K-pop girl groups are often at a disadvantage in the industry. Fans often complain about repurposed concepts (either bubbly or femme fatale, rolls eyes), and the scarce opportunities for expansion. Not to mention the unwarranted hate that women in K-pop face for what are often perceived offences.

Despite this, there is no scarcity of K-pop girl groups who have gone against the tide and won. Whether it’s through their concepts or an unabashed control of their art and personality, these K-pop girl groups have become the epitome of the forward march of the genre and personal inspiration.

So make way, people, let the K-pop girl groups introduce themselves. Here comes trouble!

No conversation about K-pop will ever be complete without mentioning the former nonet Girls’ Generation. After a stream of consecutive male idol debuts, their 2007 debut made girl groups cool again. Their vast oeuvre swings from bubblegum pop to EDM to R&B, all held together by their delicate balance.

With signature tracks like ‘Gee’, ‘Mr. Mr.’ ‘Run Devil Run’, and ‘I Got A Boy’, Girls’ Generation proved that K-pop girl groups could be unconventional and boundary-pushing.

Not only have they left a string of broken records in its wake, but also influenced numerous active acts. Making consistent appearances on Greatest K-pop Girl Groups and Essential K-pop charts, “The Nation’s Girl Group” is still going strong, albeit with five members now.

Ah, thinking of “South Korea’s Retro Queens” still leaves us with a heavy heart. Despite line-up changes and member departures, Wonder Girls were a consistent presence on charts with their retro-inspired music. Songs like ‘Tell Me’ and ‘Nobody’ were some South Korea’s early viral hits, a streak they maintained throughout their career.

In fact, any mention of K-pop global expansion is empty without Wonder Girls. In 2009, ‘Nobody’ entered the Billboard Hot 100, making them the first South Korean act to do so.

While 2016’s ‘Why So Lonely’ was their last viral release, fans find comfort in the members’ present solo careers.

Do we really need to say anything about this quartet except that they are the best? 2NE1 might have been shortlived as an act, but their stint remains legendary nonetheless.

Since their debut with ‘Fire’, the quartet became the stencil for empowered K-pop girl groups. With their take-no-shit attitude and luxurious hip-hop sound, 2NE1 became a benchmark for girl-crush concepts that inspired numerous acts.

Between vulnerable tracks like ‘Lonely’ and power anthems like ‘I Am The Best’, 2NE1 boasted a nonpareil range in K-pop. Before they disbanded (too soon), they were considered one of South Korea’s most successful K-pop girl groups.

Another short-lived act who set themselves apart from their peers through their experimental electro-pop sound and proclivity for LPs. Until f(x) came into the scene, full-length albums in K-pop were a rarity.

The cohesive sonic landscape of their albums, however, proved that an industry dependent on ever-evolving concepts could still deliver on longer, more focused works.

The focus on tightly-knit artistry gave their music a unique mold, one that still remains to be filled. Unfortunately, this unique quartet released only 4 albums, with their last one being in 2015.

Apink are often touted as one of the most steady and consistent acts of the so-called second generation of K-pop. Their veteran status, however, isn’t just by virtue of their constant presence in the industry. Despite their ‘senior’ status, Apink have successfully reinvented themselves in an industry that is almost always saturated with new acts.

Their nascent years were the epitome of bubblegum-pop, with catchy singles like ‘Mr. Chu’ and ‘NoNoNo’ skyrocketing their popularity. In 2018, however, nearly 7 years after debut, Apink returned showcasing their darkest sides yet with ‘I’m So Sick’. All we could say was: ‘cultural reset.’

The sexier, more mature streak continued with ‘%% (Eung Eung)’ and ‘Dumhdurum’, achieving something massively tough in K-pop: a successful reinvention. ‘I’m So Sick’ wasn’t just the blaring entrance of their second innings: it was a polished veteran almost showing off. It was as if Apink were telling us that evolution is the mark of true artistry.

Of all the earworms that plagued our dreams in 2017, Twice’s ‘TT’ was probably the most common one. The Halloween-themed music video gave us shivers, celeb covers, and the iconic ‘TT’ step, certainly not their first viral moment.

The nine members (goddesses) of Twice were put together by JYP Entertainment CEO, Park Jinyoung, through the reality show Sixteen. Almost immediately, Twice swept the charts with their signature sound, becoming synonymous with a bright and happy image.

If it looked like they could fall into K-pop’s bubblegum trappings, 2019’s ‘Fancy’ put that to rest. Not only did they successfully spin towards a sultrier image, but they also became the best selling K-pop girl group of all time in the process.

Unofficially known as the ‘K-pop’s B-Side Queens’, Red Velvet is an act treading a delicate line and doing it well. Their concept and name are an amalgamation of two polar opposites.

The ‘Red’ side is quirky, delicate, and feminine; the ‘Velvet’ sensual, dark, and unforgiving in their transactions. Together, they make a sonic and visual mix that is equal parts alluring and downright chilling. It’s that grey area, however, that makes them so captivating. Despite the dangers lurking beneath the bright pastels of their music videos, sisterhood is everything.

It’s for this reason that Red Velvet has consistently delivered some of the most exciting K-pop music in recent years. From the quirky, upbeat tunes of ‘Dumb Dumb’ and ‘Ice Cream Cake’ to the occultist extravagance of ‘Peek-a-boo’, we never know what Red Velvet will do next. We sure as hell are going to enjoy it, though.

Before we begin, let us all congratulate ourselves for waiting so long to see BLACKPINK in our area. Even if you haven’t heard of K-pop girl groups before, you have heard of BLACKPINK. Oh you know, the group who broke Youtube’s record for most viewed online videos in the first 24 hours not once, but twice? The group whose latest release set multiple new Guinness records?

All this without a full-length album under their belt. This one’s going to be rectified in October with their first full-length release. There is no doubt, however, that with their current pace, they are going to keep eating records for breakfast.

What do you get when you make a group out of some of the most talented vocalists in the industry? Only one of the best K-pop girl groups of our generation, that’s what. Every year, this expansive and multifarious quartet is one that fans wait for with baited breaths.

It’s not just their diverse discography featuring sounds from funk to jazz to R&B, but also their take-no-shit attitude. The members have repeatedly called out haters for trying to police their clothes and their makeup, making it clear that no matter what society throws at them, they will always be ‘hip’.

It’s been just a little over two years since their debut, but (G)I-DLE have quickly positioned themselves as one of the strongest front-runners of the fourth generation of K-pop. From their unabashed and diverse choices of themes to the control they have over their production, (G)I-DLE displays wisdom far beyond their rookie status.

Part of the credit goes to leader Soyeon, who oversees almost all of the production and songwriting. But holding the group together is a brutal honesty that reflects in their music, whether they are talking about heartbreak or claiming their throne or flirting with sin. Safe to say, we’re going to remember these girls for a long time.SEOUL -- K-pop girl band ITZY will come back in August with a new song, the five-member band's agency said.JYP Entertainment said on July 31 that ITZY will release new song "Not Shy" on August 17. The agency said that ITZY members will show off "strong and powerful" charms in the music video for their new song.ITZY has earned the title of "Monster Rookie" when it successfully debuted in February last year. While TWICE, the iconic girl band of JYP, bears a friendly girlfriend-like concept, ITZY shows a girl-crush image by expressing music with strong beats and powerful choreography.For a K-Pop group, visuals — be it through graphic and production design or styling and makeup — are equally as important as the music. Entertainment agencies place a lot of thought into nailing down a group’s EP or album release theme, commonly referred to as a ‘concept’. Every minute detail, from the album packaging to the color of a member’s nail polish, is the product of months of careful planning. In some cases, it is the concept that dictates how an upcoming release is going to sound and feel.

In the teaser for girl group Red Velvet’s last comeback for “The ReVe Festival: The Finale”, the members don long white veils over ghostly white (and in Wendy’s case, black) dresses, standing against what seems to be a dark forest while gazing eerily at the camera. While the poster didn’t explicitly give any details, the image alone was enough to communicate that this would most likely be a ‘Velvet’ concept.

Red Velvet was dubbed by Billboard as “the standard-bearer for girl groups’ conceptual versatility” due to their tendency to blur the lines between the cute and sexy concepts common to K-Pop girl groups. When the group debuted, it was revealed that they wouldn’t be boxed into a cute or sexy label, instead hinging on an overarching concept of duality. The ‘Red’ concept is meant to show their bright, bold, and abstract side, and the ‘Velvet’ concept is supposed to show their more elegant and mature side.

Gissella Ramirez-Valle, editor of Seoul-based fashion & culture magazine Mutzine, observes that K-Pop music video styling has become much more sophisticated over the years. “Korean society’s fashion taste has matured and mellowed out in a way, and they now value quality much more,” she says, pointing to how the music video looks tend to take on a more editorial feel these days.

A Red Velvet comeback music video typically introduces an average of three to four looks per member, with each look meant to reflect their unique personalities. These outfits also feature heavily in their album photoshoots (normally laid out just like a fashion editorial) and music stage performances.

“It's not an RV come back if they don't mix high fashion with fast,” says Rose, a fan who runs the @stylebyredvelvet style archive account on Instagram and Twitter. While they favor big names like Balenciaga, Prada, Gucci, Miu Miu, and other prominent Korean brands like YCH and SJYP, some of their looks incorporate fast fashion pieces from Forever 21, Zara, Dolls Kill, and H&M. Rose has been taking note of every single one of their outfits -- onstage and offstage — since the Summer Magic era, and one thing she’s noticed is that the group’s stylists introduce new brands every comeback.

Gissella sees the reason for the investment in designer brands as deliberate. “The fashion conveys the personality of the song they are promoting. At the very least, you can see how much money was invested into the project by how the group is styled,” she says.

Similarly, while the styles that they showcase each time are consistently ahead of the trend and feature a couple of recurring motifs, like lace, gingham, school uniforms/tennis skirts, and cheerleader/sports uniforms, the group’s styling is just as unpredictable as their concepts. “You can’t put RV's style in one box because they're always full of surprises!” adds Rose.

Ahead of the release of Irene and Seulgi’s “Monster” mini-album, we go through some of Red Velvet’s most notable comeback style moments, from 2014’s “Happiness” to 2019’s “Psycho”.

In 2019, Red Velvet released the ReVe Festival series, a trilogy consisting of two EPs and a repackaged album. To reflect the summer season, bright colors and crazy prints were all over the first two music videos.Whether she’s at the front row of fashion week in Milan or at the launch of the latest Korean beauty brand, the Thai beauty turns heads wherever she goes—and her irresistible beauty is evident in her fanbase. The youngest member of K-pop girl group Blackpink has the highest number of fans on Instagram, adored by a whopping 35 million followers.To gatekeep or to not gatekeep K-pop? The introduction of non-Korean groups – such as America’s Exp Edition and Rosegold, UK girl group Kaachi and India’s 5High – draws hate online, but should the genre really be exclusively by, and for, Koreans?Los Angeles-based drag queen and musician Soju says she landed a role on “RuPaul’s Drag Race” Season 11 because no one else was combining drag with K-pop.

Partially that’s because queerness is still largely taboo in Korea. But for a while, Soju says, being Asian felt taboo, too. Soju first moved from South Korea to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, when she was 9-years-old.

“I remember bringing my Korean lunch. And when I opened it all the other kids were saying ‘It smells! It smells!’ They were just making fun of me,” she says. “And after that I always knew I couldn’t embrace the Korean parts of my identity.”

That began to change in college, Soju says, where she met other Asians and began to reconnect with her love of Korean pop, or K-pop. K-pop has been around since the early ‘90s when the Korean music industry began borrowing sounds from American hip-hop.

To this day, Soju says, if you ask K-pop stars who their biggest influences are, “they’ll tell you Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston … Beyonce.”

But while K-pop has known about American music for many decades, it wasn’t until the last few years that K-pop became a regular fixture on the U.S. charts. Groups like Blackpink and BTS, which some have likened to the Beatles, have accelerated that trend, but K-pop first entered many Americans’ consciousness a few weeks ago when K-pop fans helped reserve tickets for President Trump’s Tulsa rally to make him think more people were attending than actually were.

At the time, many Americans were perplexed. How did K-pop fans wind up at the center of a U.S. political stunt?

The answer, Soju says, has to do with the extreme loyalty between the K-pop stars, known as “idols,” and the fans. In K-pop, Soju says, fans move “as an army” to take action on the part of their idol.

“It’s almost like we think together and act together,” she says.

A collective action like reserving several thousand tickets, she says, is almost too easy because idols can mobilize their fans so quickly.

The idol’s power, in turn, derives from the fact that they are expected to remain perfect fantasies for the fans, Soju explains. Even dating is a fireable offense, she says, because idols are supposed to put their fans first.

“They have to look a certain way, eat certain things, act a certain way….it’s almost inhumane,” she says.

That pressure, combined with the grueling training programs idols go through as teens to learn how to sing, dance, and rap, has led to numerous idol suicides and scrutiny of the industry.

Mental health is a big concern, Soju says, and more people need to realize that idols aren’t “robots — they’re humans.”

Soju is hopeful K-pop can grow to embrace artists in their full complexity, and to that end, has released her own single called “Bang!”

“I always wanted to be a K-pop idol when I was younger, but it didn’t work out for many reasons,” she says.

Through drag, she says, she can keep singing about the issues that are important to her such as the fact that “people don’t see Asians as sexualized beings. I wanted to break that barrier.”

Speaking with Soju, you get the impression it won’t be the last stereotype she shatters.

2NE1, "I AM THE BEST"

Cassady Rosenblum produced and edited this interview for broadcast. She also adapted it for the web.hey were going full steam ahead in their world tour schedule, fresh off the North American leg of Ode to You and slated to perform in several more cities across Asia and Europe. But after their concert in Pasay, the Philippines, K-pop powerhouse SEVENTEEN canceled the remaining shows in February and March due to the coronavirus pandemic. Despite the change in plans, the 13-member group from South Korea still found ways to bring fans together. “Left & Right,” SEVENTEEN’s new title track from the latest album Heng:garae, created the perfect opportunity for a quarantine TikTok dance challenge. With an easy-to-learn chorus routine—choreographed by main dancer Hoshi and members of Team Same, a choreography team SEVENTEEN works with regularly—and a catchy refrain resonant of the Cupid Shuffle, “Left & Right” drew fans from around the world, and a large number of K-pop artists, to groove along.

Heng:garae’s success did not stop there. The album—whose title is the Korean word for throwing someone into the air in celebration—sold more than one million physical copies in its first week, according to the music chart Hanteo. BTS is the only other Korean act to have surpassed this number with its first-week sales. Heng:garae now ranks third in all-time weekly album sales in South Korea, behind BTS’ Map of the Soul: 7 and Map of the Soul: Persona. SEVENTEEN’s path to this milestone—and, more broadly, to becoming one of the top K-pop groups internationally—has been a slow and steady rise since the act’s debut in 2015. The 13 members’ skills range from songwriting to choreographing in addition to their expertise in singing, rapping and dancing, hence establishing their strong reputation in the K-pop industry as self-producing idols.

In May, Big Hit Entertainment, home to BTS, became the largest shareholder of PLEDIS Entertainment, SEVENTEEN’s label. While PLEDIS is expected to retain its independence, the move has prompted SEVENTEEN’s fans to discuss what changes this might bring to the group.

Here is a primer on SEVENTEEN, including the background behind the group’s name, who’s who among the members and where to start with their music.

Why are they called SEVENTEEN?

The number is the sum of 13 members, the three sub-groups they break into and the one team they form when they all come together.

What are the sub-groups in SEVENTEEN?

In a group of this size, showcasing individual skills becomes challenging, as most three-to-four-minute songs are divided among 13 members. SEVENTEEN’s sub-group system helps solve this problem. The hip-hop unit (S. Coups, Wonwoo, Mingyu, Vernon), vocal unit (Woozi, Jeonghan, Joshua, DK, Seungkwan) and performance unit (Hoshi, Jun, The8, Dino) specialize in rapping, singing and dancing, respectively. On most albums since 2015, the members record songs in these units in addition to recording as a whole group. Different combinations of the artists are regularly formed, including a “Leaders” unit—featuring the leaders of the three sub-groups—and the special unit BSS, consisting of comedic trio Seungkwan, DK and Hoshi.

What makes SEVENTEEN different from other groups?

SEVENTEEN has promoted itself as a self-producing group since debut. This does not mean that the members create their material entirely on their own, as they have repeatedly recognized the producers and choreographers with whom they work closely. Nevertheless, it is rare for K-pop acts to be so heavily involved in the direction of every album and performance, especially from inception. In the act’s first mini album in 2015, 17 Carat, vocalist Woozi contributed to the writing of all five tracks and Hoshi worked on the choreography for two songs, “Shining Diamond” and “Adore U.” Since then, both members have retained leading roles in their respective areas.

Over the past five years, Woozi has co-composed most of SEVENTEEN’s songs alongside PLEDIS’ in-house producer Bumzu, and takes on a directing role in the recording studio. Other members are frequent contributors to the music production, with the four rappers of the hip-hop team writing lyrics for their sub-unit’s tracks. By 2017, all members of SEVENTEEN had writing credits. And while Hoshi has co-choreographed most of SEVENTEEN’s title tracks to date, the other three members of the performance team regularly create choreography for their sub-unit’s songs and other projects.

SEVENTEEN also sets itself apart for being larger than most Korean idol groups. The size creates opportunities for visual storytelling through the act’s formation in performances. In the recent release “My My,” the artists’ moves paint the picture of main vocalist Seungkwan riding on a boat in the splashing sea. In the 2017 hit song “Don’t Wanna Cry,” their positioning creates the image of two members walking under street lamps. These scenes would be much more difficult, or impossible, for smaller groups to execute. Despite its large size, SEVENTEEN has also earned recognition as one of the most synchronized K-pop acts. The choreography video for “Don’t Wanna Cry,” for instance, shows all members dancing with extreme precision and near-perfect timing.

Who are the members of SEVENTEEN?

The leader of both SEVENTEEN as a whole and the hip-hop unit, S.Coups shoulders the most responsibility. His leadership strength lies in his ability to find opportunities for all members to shine, sometimes by stepping back himself. With a stage name that combines “S” for the first letter in his name, Seungcheol, and “Coups” for “Coup d’état,” S.Coups has a dominating presence onstage as he raps and dances. Last November, PLEDIS announced that S.Coups would take a hiatus due to symptoms of anxiety. In the recent documentary SEVENTEEN: Hit the Road, which aired in May, he opens up about this experience. The oldest member has since returned, fully participating in the album promotions for Heng:garae and posting multiple messages of thanks to Carats—the name for the group’s fans—on the community platform WeVerse.

The vocalist with an airy voice, Jeonghan’s verses in SEVENTEEN’s songs are often soothing. He’s apparently self-aware when it comes to this quality, having started the live radio series “Glass of Warm Milk” on the streaming platform V Live in 2017. “When you drink a warm cup of milk and close your eyes, you go to sleep right away,” he said in the first show, expressing that he wants to help listeners fall asleep more easily. Jeonghan frequently provides a mischievous comic relief in the group’s variety show appearances, creating chaos in any setting from mafia games to mini quadricycle races.

Hailing from Los Angeles, Joshua moved to Korea as a teenager to become an idol. Although he is one of the group’s more soft-spoken personalities, Joshua takes on the unofficial roles of the translator and the spokesperson—along with fellow Korean-American Vernon—when SEVENTEEN is in the States. Joshua’s gentle voice is highlighted in the group’s tracks, and he also plays the guitar after being on the musical worship team when he attended church in the U.S. The vocalist carries an air of sophistication—he has introduced himself as “SEVENTEEN’s gentleman”—and hosts “Wine and Cheese” live broadcasts where he makes song recommendations.

Born in Guangdong, China, Jun launched his career in the entertainment industry as a child actor. He starred in multiple TV series and films before joining SEVENTEEN. An animated performer, Jun is nimble with his body and displays a wide array of facial expressions. The singer released his solo single “Can You Sit By My Side” in 2018, and, beyond the group’s tracks, showcases his delicate voice in covers of Mandarin songs. Most recently, Jun and the group’s other Chinese member, The8, recorded Mandarin versions of songs from the soundtrack of the popular Korean drama “The King: Eternal Monarch.”

The group’s main choreographer, Hoshi packs storytelling into complex dance moves. Beyond his choreographing expertise, he is a leader in SEVENTEEN’s performances with his explosive energy. His stage name, short for “tiger’s gaze” in Korean, is an apt description of the fierce intensity he exudes when performing. But the artist has effectively turned this persona into a meme. He constantly refers to himself as a tiger, wears clothes that feature tigers and poses with hands that imitate a tiger’s paws at any chance he gets—prompting his bandmates to repeatedly remind him in jest that he is, in fact, human.

Wonwoo’s deep-voiced rapping is easily recognizable across SEVENTEEN’s songs, and he has delivered a number of the impactful opening and closing parts in recent title tracks. Besides his hobbies as a reader and a gamer, Wonwoo has experience in video editing—he directed the 2018 music video for the group’s summery track “Holiday.” In Hit the Road, Wonwoo talks about feeling at home in the group although he has a more reserved personality. “I’m a very introverted person naturally, so I always felt I couldn’t fit in that well, anywhere, since I was young,” he said. “But in SEVENTEEN, I didn’t get any of that feeling.”

Besides co-composing the majority of SEVENTEEN’s tracks, Woozi has written songs for a number of other Korean artists, from girl groups to soloists. With a background in classical music, he plays a range of instruments, including the piano, guitar, drums and clarinet. While behind-the-scenes clips of recording studio sessions highlight Woozi’s more serious side as he diligently fine-tunes every member’s part, the many SEVENTEEN reality shows from across the years show him at ease and frequently bursting into laughter at his bandmates’ antics.

DK, or Dokyeom, is known for his warm and rich voice as one of the group’s two main vocalists. Although he once shared doubts about this position on SEVENTEEN’s pre-debut reality show, DK has developed into a poised singer and a pillar of the act’s vocal performances. Outside of the group’s tracks, he often shares song covers that are recorded casually while sitting on the floor and strumming the guitar. In 2019 DK starred in the musical Xcalibur, playing the lead role of King Arthur in his first venture into theatrical acting. He is one of SEVENTEEN’s key mood-makers, with an enthusiastic and goofy character.

Though Mingyu’s official role in SEVENTEEN is a rapper, he’s more of a renaissance man. His paintings were once showcased at “17’S CUT,” an exhibit celebrating the group’s third anniversary. The 6-foot-something member is often carrying a camera, and recently directed a music video for the track “Snap Shoot” for which he is credited in every role from Producer to Stylist. Beyond the arts, Mingyu has shown talent as a cook. When the members of SEVENTEEN became island castaways for one of the group’s variety shows, Mingyu deftly mastered tasks from gutting and cleaning fish to breading and frying chicken.

With years of experience in Wushu, or Chinese martial arts, and breakdancing, The8 is not only a lithe dancer but a specialist in flips and jumps like the butterfly kick. Hailing from Liaoning, China, The8—whose stage name comes from the number resembling the infinity symbol when laid sideways, as well as it being a lucky number in Chinese culture—is passionate about art and fashion. His canvas paintings make frequent appearances on SEVENTEEN’s social media accounts, and The8 painted the cover art for his two solo singles in Mandarin, “Dreams Come True” and “Falling Down”—both of which he co-composed.

The main vocalist of the group along with DK, Seungkwan excels at steady song delivery in live performances. When he is not hitting high notes or competing with fellow members to hit the highest note, Seungkwan is busy being the group’s “variety king”—a nickname given to those in K-pop groups who have a knack for entertaining the audience. Always ready to poke fun at himself, the artist from Jeju Island has been a cast member of talk shows outside of SEVENTEEN’s own series. He was awarded the “Rookie Award for Music and Talk” at the 2018 MBC Entertainment Awards for his work in two shows.

Born in New York, Vernon moved to Korea when he was young and is fluent in both English and Korean. The rapper has an extensive list of songwriting credits across SEVENTEEN’s discography, participating in crafting the lyrics for multiple tracks as well as contributing to song composition—including “My My” on the latest album. Behind his laid-back nature is a quiet dedication to his craft. Hit the Road shows Vernon, after midnight, setting up his recording equipment and rapping in the solitude of a hotel room.

Though he is the youngest member of the group, Dino has been one of its boldest performers. He does not miss a beat when prompted to dance in unfamiliar settings, and confidently busts out moves on the streets. Dino has played an active role in choreographing SEVENTEEN’s performances over the years, and notably created the six-person dance for the track “Flower.” In 2018 he started “Dino’s Danceology,” a series of routines he choreographs to songs by other artists. A standout is the video for Jonas Brothers’ “Sucker,” where Dino displays his trove of facial expressions and sharp moves as he dances by the beach.

Which variety shows help introduce the group to newcomers?

Variety shows are a key way for members of K-pop groups to show parts of their personalities that are often different from their onstage personas. To get started, SEVENTEEN PROJECT: Debut Big Plan is a reality series following the 13 members as they carry out missions in the final days leading up to their debut in May 2015. One Fine Day—13 Castaway Boys and One Fine Day in Japan—which aired in 2016 and 2017, respectively—test the members’ survival skills as they navigate life on an island in the former and complete assigned quests across Japan in the latter. The ongoing reality series GOING SEVENTEEN is a mix of games, challenges, behind-the-scenes moments and more edited into weekly episodes released on YouTube and V Live.

On a July 2020 episode of GOING SEVENTEEN modeled after America’s Got Talent, member Wonwoo sang two words from “Curry,” a Korean song released by musical duo Norazo in 2010 that has lyrics containing stereotypes about South Asian culture. The song has been played and performed in various Korean variety shows over the years. After fans expressed concerns about the insensitivity of “Curry” on social media (and pointed out that members DK and Vernon also sang lines from the song in a video from April 2020), one singer in Norazo posted an apology for the offense caused by the song. PLEDIS responded to TIME’s request for comment by saying it has no official statement regarding the incident.

Where should I start with their music?

SEVENTEEN’s title tracks are a good place to begin, as they span genres and set different moods. The dance-pop number “Left & Right” has the kind of simple, groovy hook that’s prime for a TikTok challenge, with melodies that add complexity. While the earlier works “Adore U” and “Very Nice” are SEVENTEEN canon, they are fresh and youthful anthems that contrast with the more introspective, emotional releases that have followed, such as “Don’t Wanna Cry” and “Thanks”.

For ballads, try “Smile Flower,” featuring all 13 members, or fan-favorites from the vocal unit like “Don’t Listen in Secret” and “Habit.” For hard-hitting performance-centric tracks with some of SEVENTEEN’s most demanding choreography, the dance practice videos of “Hit” and “Getting Closer” show the group pushing beyond physical limits."It doesn’t matter what ethnicity you are, and they’re just dominating"

Steve Aoki has praised BTS and Kpop artists for boosting Asian representation in music.

Speaking to The Metro, Aoki said Asian representation is still lacking but is gradually increasing.

“As far as representation for Asians, it’s still lacklustre,” he said. “There’s far and few between of Asian musicians and artists that I’ve noticed.”

Aoki said that he sees more Asian artists coming out of the east.

‘There’s a lot of Asian DJs, youth coming up now, a lot more Asian singers,” the 42 year old said. “That’s why I love working with K-pop artists and Chinese artists and Japanese artists. I love being able to work with other Asian artists even though they’re not Asian American.”

“I think it is changing a lot because of the rise of K-pop. Growing up as a kid and not having Asian role models, was really difficult aspirationally,” the Asian American DJ added.

Aoki went on to praise Bruce Lee for blowing open the doors for Asian representation in America.

“But when I saw Bruce Lee that was beloved by the world…my white friends, Latino friends and black friends were obsessed with Bruce Lee and he was an Asian face,” Aoki said.

“That meant a lot to me and he’s always been my guiding aspirational goal in life.”

Aoki then likened the fame of Lee to Kpop. “Now there’s K-pop, there’s BTS, there’s groups that are beloved by the world. It doesn’t matter what ethnicity you are, and they’re just dominating.”

“With artists like that that can help rise other Asians up and have representation, I’m excited seeing that more because of BTS and K-pop. It’s a slow change though.”

Aoki was then asked if he would be interested in making Kpop music.

“I’m a very playful adventurous guy and I always dip my toes everywhere in the music world,” he said. “It might not be K-pop, it might be something you would never expect.”

“This song is very relatable, it’s a song that a lot of people on the first listen will totally get it, they’ll get the chills down their spine,’ he said of the track. ‘Their hairs should rise. I have high expectations for this song.”

In May, Spotify celebrated Asian American and Pacific Islanders Heritage Month with Aoki.A vast industry like K-pop has an equally wide range of evergreen songs. Here are some essential K-pop tracks you should know about.

Years ago, K-pop was perceived as a revision of western pop music tendencies. From criticizing the idol system as a ‘factory’ to focusing on ‘slave contracts’, misconceptions were sundry.

Today, as K-pop becomes an increasingly global product, the perception is visibly different. With a reformed image as a global musical trendsetter, increased interest in the music itself is natural.

When you think about K-pop, you think about addictive beats, earworm hooks, dazzling production and enviable fashion. The way to this point, however, was paved by some classic hits. These are songs that have stayed with us over the years, that send us into a frenzy of memories or evoke feelings of pride at having experienced the phenomenon first hand.

Of course, being the vast industry K-pop is, it’s almost unfair to condense it into 10 tracks. These ones, however, are curated with the aim to provide a broad look at the genre’s evolution.

So, if you’re a new K-pop fan looking to expand, here are 10 essential K-pop tracks you should know.

Want a song that perfectly embodies the ethos of K-pop? ‘Catallena’ does just that and wraps it up in a bow. This banger by Orange Caramel infuses samples of the Punjabi folk song ‘Jutti Meri’ with circa-ABBA disco and snare.

The meta concept presents members as food ingredients, each priced differently for their quality. It’s jarring and borderline voyeuristic in nature, but ‘Catallena’s polka-dotted lightness is relieving. It doesn’t take itself very seriously, and that’s what makes this one an essential K-pop song for the ages.

The writer will admit she doesn’t much care for ‘I Got A Boy’, but she does appreciate its impact. ‘I Got A Boy’ is not a song you would expect of Asia’s top girl group in their prime.

Its roller coaster instrumentation is in places downright confusing, making it less of a track and more an entire musical. Seriously, there are at least five different genres fused into one, but it encapsulates the adventure in K-pop perfectly.

As you get into K-pop, ‘genre’ becomes a loose term. Even so, the crossover always reflects a composite picture. Girls’ Generation, however, didn’t care much for comfort when they frankenstein-ed musical polar opposites.

They did something right, though, since this one has a place in history as one of the defining K-pop moments of the decade.

With IU nearing the 12th anniversary of her debut, ‘Good Day’ seems like a long time ago for one of Korea’s most loved artists. It brings back memories of a 17-year-old IU, then just two years into her career and still somewhat unknown.

This saccharine pop number changed that overnight. Throughout the song, IU’s delicate voice contrasts the grand orchestration, eventually reaching a crescendo underlined by her powerful high notes.

More than that, ‘Good Day’ is a classic because of how clairvoyant it is of IU’s unconventional career trajectory. As we look back on her reputation as one of Korea’s most refined soloists and uncontested chart-topping queens, we realize that the impact of ‘Good Day’ almost predicted it.

Okay, this touches a nerve with early K-pop fans. Mirotic was the last time we saw TVXQ as a quintet. Shortly after the release of the album, three members left amidst a very public feud with their company. Despite that, the album’s legend status remains uncontested: it is still TVXQ’s best selling album to date.

Showing the members escaping from a witch, ‘Mirotic’ was an addictive, sultry window into the more mature side of TVXQ. The song was temporarily deemed unsuitable for under-19s, prompting the group to release a cleaner version. Despite this, Mirotic went on to become the unofficial “Album of the Decade”, elevating TVXQ to legend-status.

After an underwhelming debut, EXO could easily have been a miss if ‘Growl’ hadn’t come along. At first, the monotone music video looks uncharacteristic of K-pop, but the song quickly makes it clear why.

From brilliant harmonization to the clean-cut choreography to the catchy earworm of a chorus — ‘Growl’ required no frills. It was a rookie group leaning back on the strength of their vocals and performance.

With ‘Growl’, EXO became the first act in 12 years to sell a million copies of an album. What followed was a glowing career marked by more broken records for one of the decade’s most influential acts.

Speaking of ‘essential’ K-pop tracks, have you heard of this little underground act called… BTS? Many would argue that the title of a “classic” suits ‘Dope’ more, but let me make my case. While ‘Dope’ made BTS an act to watch closely, ‘Blood, Sweat & Tears’ propelled them to global stardom.

Weaving a biblical fantasy of tropical house and moombahton, the song represented BTS’ varied musical landscape. Knife-point choreography, dazzling production, and an alluring, evocative tale — ‘Blood, Sweat & Tears’ is K-pop at its best. It was also BTS’ grand arrival on the scene, telling the world that they were truly ready for stardom.

Before I’m slammed with divided opinions, let me just say that every f(x) song is a classic. ‘4 Walls’, however, is on this list because of its representation of f(x) as a diverse, frenetic force.

That’s not to say that all of their songs didn’t stir up an electric intensity in us. ‘4 Walls’ takes the crown for not just its musical layering but also its choreography-less music video.

Musically, it is the delicious sweet spot between deep house and UK garage. Thematically, it draws on the crippling tension of not wanting to leave the comfort of love — the ‘four walls’ — but hating knowing that you’re also essentially trapped.

We didn’t know it at the time, but ‘4 Walls’ was to be goodbye, it was an apt one.

Will any essential K-pop tracks list ever be complete without the ‘Princes of K-pop’ SHINee? No. Need to name an experimental group in K-pop? You’ve got SHINee. Need to trace the origins of complex choreography coupled with live vocals? That’s how SHINee roll.

Need to pinpoint the exact moment skinny jeans took over K-pop fashion? Well, here’s ‘Replay’, which, by the way, is also known as one of the best K-pop debuts ever.

Rarely do we come across an act so perfectly balanced that taking anything away seems like a travesty. Largely considered a risky debut, it’s perfectly self-explanatory in retrospect. SHINee was never meant to do things the popular way. ‘Replay’ might not have been a defining track for SHINee, but its brimming potential hinted at things greater to come.

There’s no other way to put it: ‘Bang Bang Bang’ is pure chaos. The literal embodiment of ‘you speed up, then you slow down’, except you do it with trap breakdowns. I thought about putting ‘Fantastic Baby’ (another classic) here, but the audacity of ‘Bang Bang Bang’ is a siren’s call.

Building a crackling intensity with a 90s-inspired dance beat, ‘Bang Bang Bang’ climbs higher to the point of no return. Then, it dissolves into a frenetic trap-heavy extravaganza as the group takes a shot right for our hearts.

This certainly wasn’t Big Bang’s first No. 1, but it did present the group at their cohesive best. We haven’t heard from them in a while, but we will always have ‘Bang Bang Bang’.

When we think about the confident, zealous self-assurance of K-pop’s girl group goddesses, four queens saunter in and take their rightful place on the throne.

For some, 2NE1’s ‘I Am The Best’ is an essential K-pop track by virtue of having pulled them into K-pop. For others, it’s the gold standard of anthemic bangers about self-confidence, less performative, more assertive.

Flitting between member CL’s free-flowing rap and an electronic soundscape often bordering on jarring, the track sounds off an alarm to those who dare doubt your strength. In their short-lived time as an act, 2NE1 gave us all our personal mantra for taking on haters and also cemented their status in the upper echelons of K-pop: they really are the best.South Korea is looking to have its best-ever year when it comes to physical album sales, with the global covid-19 pandemic doing little to stop K-pop lovers from buying millions of albums.

According to South Korea's Gaon Chart, the top 400 South Korean albums sold in the first half of 2020 sold over 18.08 million copies, surpassing last year’s mid year sales of 12.33 by 40%. With the first half of the year already seeing a major boost in album sales, 2020 is expected to be the biggest year ever tracked by Gaon since its inception in 2010.

Of the top 400 albums sold, the top 100 sold a total of 16.89 million copies, all by K-pop acts, typically understood to be idol teams or soloists managed by entertainment companies with a focus on building sizable, oftentimes international, followings. The best-selling album of 2020 so far in South Korea, and the world, is BTS’s February LP Map of the Soul: 7, which Gaon recognized for selling over 4.26 million copies. The next best album was Seventeen’s Heng:garæ EP, which was released in June and has already sold over 1.2 million copies. Seventeen’s company, Pledis Entertainment, recently was invested in by BTS’s label, Big Hit Entertainment.

EXO’s Baekhyun, NCT 127, NCT Dream, TWICE, IZ*ONE, and GOT7 rounded out the Top 10 of Gaon’s album sales for the first half of 2020 with popular releases from each act, with several artists selling over 1 million accumulated album sales with multiple charted releases.

Gaon Chart's chief researcher Kim Jin-woo told the Korea Herald that the majority of the album sales on the Gaon Chart this year reflect international album sales, with overseas K-pop fandoms playing a sizable role in boosting the sales. According to Kim, the increase in sales over last year may directly be correlated to the coronavirus pandemic even as the global music industry suffers: Kim suggests that fans may have opted to buy albums in a show of support for faves versus being able to see them in person at concerts and other live events as they usually would.

K-pop acts have become a rare outlier in the global music industry as artists who are regularly able to see immense physical album sales from their dedicated fanbases. Part traditional album, part collectible merchandise, K-pop album sales are expected to continue to be strong in the second half of 2020 as the South Korean music scene puts out music unhindered by the coronavirus’s impacts, in part due to the country’s success at restricting the spread of the covid-19 virus.

Though the K-pop world typically keeps upcoming release under wraps until only a few weeks before their arrival, the second half of 2020 already has a lot of potential to continue the trend of increasing year-on-year album sales to see the biggest-ever year for South Korean album sales, with things like BLACKPINK’s first LP set to arrive in September while BTS and EXO’s Kai also have upcoming albums in the works.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Jeong Eun-ji, the main vocalist of K-pop act Apink, dropped her fourth solo mini-album "Simple" on Wednesday. This comes a year and nine months since her third solo mini-album "Hyehwa" released in 2018.

 "I'm nervous but happy about releasing a new solo album and performing on stage again," Jeong said through her agency Play M Entertainment.

 The 27-year-old singer explained that the overall theme of her new album is "simple is beautiful," elaborating that she wanted to convey messages of empathy and consolation to listeners.

 Jeong participated in producing all six tracks of the album to add her persona to the music. "I prepared this album thinking about what kind of music I'd like to pursue and what my fans would be willing to listen to over and over again," she said. 

 "I feel this album is very important because I wrote and co-composed the songs, shared ideas about album concepts, themes and tracks."

 Jeong has built her own style of music inside Apink, which debuted in 2011. The group received profound love for their hits "LUV," "Mr. Chu" and "I'm So Sick." She began forging a solo career in 2016, and since then has serenaded her fans with simplicity of acoustic instruments and poetic lyrics. 

 Lead single "AWay" is an upbeat pop track with uplifting lyrics that convey messages of comfort and healing. The singer said the song is a feel-good summer song that can bring positivity during these challenging times.

 On her secret to relieving stress, Jeong said she usually plays games or hangs out with close friends. "We all go through low periods. Indulging in those activities provides a temporary sense of comfort, but it's mostly refreshing," she said. 

 The new album features talented artists such as Sunwoo Jung-a, 10cm and So Soo-bin. On collaborating with fellow artists, she said, "The project was a gift for me. The insight I got from working with them was incredible and to be able to watch them work and write music is something I'll never forget."

 Jeong said she plans to continue working in various fields ― as a radio DJ, singer and actor. "It's been a long time since I performed live on stage. I'm really looking forward to meeting my fans in-person and singing to them. Until then, please take care and stay safe," she said.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.From the moment it was released, Blackpink’s new music video for their single “How You Like That” was bound to become a blockbuster, but few could have predicted exactly how massive it would be...though those who are paying close attention to what performs best on YouTube likely had an idea that history was about to be made by the clip.

Even before anybody had head the song or watched the treatment, it was obvious that the group’s latest was going to be massive, as they are one of the most popular names in K-pop, and the genre rules YouTube in many ways, especially when it comes to making a new upload an immediate and undeniable smash.

In just 24 hours, “How You Like That” was watched 86.3 million times, according to YouTube itself. That’s not just a new record for the most plays in a single 24-hour period, it’s more than 10 million clicks higher than the previous best showing.

“How You Like That” now sits at No. 1 on the list of the videos which have earned the most plays in a single day on YouTube, and Blackpink is joined by several of their countrymen. A quick look at the top 10 on this ranking shows that new releases from the biggest figures in K-pop are consumed at a voracious rate that even the most adored rappers and pop stars in the Western world can often only dream of.

The top 10 on that ranking of the YouTube videos which have been played the most in a single 24-hour stretch shows that South Korean musicians occupy seven spots. BTS leads the way with four of the 10 most successful visuals in this regard, Blackpink comes in second with a pair of smashes and fellow girl group Twice rounds out the region at No. 10 with their beloved clip “Fancy.”

This ranking is sure to change again, but chances are the next music video that will be instantly popular enough to land inside the top 10 will be from BTS, Blackpink, or perhaps another K-pop giant, as fans of the genre (and it’s leaders) are eager to see what their favorites have come up with, and then to watch them over and over again without waiting between views.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.2PM’s Ok Taecyeon and Rainbow’s Jisook are among the Korean stars who caused a stir when they fell in love with someone ‘ordinary’Like her bandmates, Blackpink’s lead rapper Jennie is as fashion-forward as they come; in fact, she's the first band member to partner with a French fashion house following a number of stylish collaborations with Chanel Korea. The New Zealand-raised 24-year-old boasts 28.6 million followers on Instagram .

More: Crash Landing On You, Itaewon Class, Goblin, And More: A List Of Binge-Worthy Korean Series

Whether she’s at the front row of fashion week in Milan or at the launch of the latest Korean beauty brand, the youngest member of K-pop girl group Blackpink turns heads wherever she goes, adored by a whopping 35 million fans on Instagram .

Sign up for our newsletters to get all our top stories delivered.

These globally-renowned actresses and K-pop girl group members, four of which hail from the phenom that is Blackpink, are slaying it on Instagram in 2020

Known for her edgy rock-star vibes yet easy-going manner, Blackpink’s lead dancer Rosé was just confirmed to be the new global face of Saint Lauren for Fall 2020. The New Zealand-born K-pop star is said to be the most shy and quiet member of the group. Her 25.6 million followers on Instagram don’t seem to mind though. See also: Gou Getter: What’s Next For South Korean DJ & Fashion Designer Peggy Gou

The oldest member in the group, Jisoo rose to fame with a number of acting roles, music video cameos and huge brand endorsements before her debut with Blackpink. Known for her humorous personality, Jisoo commands a following of 24.3 million on Instagram.

With a K-pop career that spans more than a decade and 14.8 million fans on Instagram, Taeyeon was most famously one of the nine original members of the incredibly popular Girls’ Generation group. Now part of Oh!GG, a sub-unit of Girls’ Generation, Taeyeon delighted fans with teaser videos of her latest single, Happy, in March. ICYMI: Talents Of Tomorrow: 10 Emerging Asian Fashion Designers You Need To Know

The popular singer and star of the hit 2019 Korean TV series Hotel Del Luna is touted to be the most followed Korean actress on Instagram at the moment, thanks to some 12.3 million fans.

The fresh-faced star of the action-packed South Korean film, Ashfall, was also a member of the girl group Miss A (disbanded in 2017) and has starred in such popular South Korean TV shows as While You Were Sleeping and Vagabond. Catch up on her latest happenings alongside her 12.5 million followers on Instagram. See also: Heart Evangelista, Martine Ho, Mari Jasmine, And More: 9 Stylish Filipinas To Follow On InstagramOn June 26, one of the biggest groups in the K-pop music industry made their long-awaited comeback. Blackpink, a four-member girl group, released their single "How You Like That" and its accompanying music video after over a year, breaking several records. It became the YouTube video, as well as the music video, with the most views in a day at a whopping 86.3 million. But as fans rejoiced about their favourite group’s comeback, another corner of the internet outraged. In yet another incident, K-pop idols were called out for misappropriating South Asian culture and religion.

In a scene that has now been removed, one of the members could be seen rapping sitting beside a sculpture of Lord Ganesh, a Hindu god. South Asian K-pop fans expressed their anger at the fact that the bust was just used for aesthetic purposes on the set—which had nothing to do with Hinduism. In Hindu religion, the elephant-headed god is invoked at the beginning of prayers, important undertakings, and religious ceremonies. Fans not happy about seeing the deity being used as prop then spoke out against cultural appropriation in the music industry, lashing out against it on social media.

The song was just one of the thousands that K-pop idols had released that year, except for the one thing that made it stand out: It had a stanza of the Gayatri Mantra, a Sanskrit chant that is said to be one of the holiest mantras in Hindu culture. It is a Vedic prayer, associated with the divine and the pure. So obviously, when South Asian fans saw her perform a seductive sequence to it, they weren’t very happy, to say the least.

Naturally, South Asian fans who have been following these artists for years feel slighted. “Honestly, appropriation of desi culture by non-desi artists has been a problem since forever and K-pop isn’t innocent of it, either,” says Shreya Juyal, a student of Hansraj College at the University of Delhi, who has been following K-pop for a long time. “The problem is that the same people who scorn at Indians smelling like curry turn around and use bindis, maang tikas, and bangles for aesthetics, or mudras for their dance steps, because it’s ‘ethnic and hip’.”

“The term ‘Cultural Appropriation’ means taking something from another culture and making it your own,” says Harmandeep Kaur, assistant professor at the School of Media and Culture Studies at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) to VICE. “And it becomes extremely problematic when there are irregular power relations between one community and the other; or when it is very reductive—reducing the identity of one community to one aspect of their culture; or when they fail to give credit where it's due and don’t acknowledge where it has come from.”

But is this appropriation intentional, and even if it isn’t, should it be pardoned? “Koreans are not yet sensitised to the fact that appropriating imagery, clothing, accessories such as bindi, and some musical samples could be a problem—that some of the iconographies that they are playing with are religiously or culturally coded,” says Cedarbough Saeji, visiting assistant professor in Korean Culture at Indiana University and scholar of Korean contemporary culture in media and performance, to VICE. “In the case of the U.S., it's hard to see how Koreans can claim ignorance, but in the case of South Asia, it is more plausible that people simply do not know enough about South Asia to understand. It is often intended to add some exotic or unique element to the music/dance/imagery and very rarely meant to be intentionally disrespectful.”

But perhaps that exactly is what makes it a problem. While you can’t deny that the West, especially the U.S., has automatically held a culturally significant position globally, it is worth questioning why South Asians are not offered the same courtesy. “It isn’t much of appropriation as it is ignorance,” agrees Riddhi Chakraborty, a writer and producer at the Rolling Stone India magazine, who frequently covers K-pop in India. “Either it is the butt of a joke or just for aesthetic purpose—the problem is that there isn’t enough knowledge.”

But why is there such a lack of information and awareness about South Asians? South Asians are practically one-fourth of the world’s population, so obviously it is not because there’s a lack of our presence. And as we ease into more culturally sensitive times, is it really all that unfair to ask people from entertainment industries to be more culturally aware? “In the past, they could be as ignorant as they wanted and thought they could get away with it—which they did back then—but now with their fans especially being so global and K-pop growing worldwide, it is not possible for them to casually get away with this ignorance anymore,” affirms Chakraborty. “There's no excuse for being ignorant anymore.”

While Kaur doesn’t essentially agree to the use of bindis and maang tikas being an appropriation of South Asian culture, it is important to investigate why others think of it as problematic, she says. “The boundaries of cultural appropriation are not very black and white and you can’t generalise appropriation,” says Kaur. “But one thing to think about is why these K-pop stars are choosing to represent themselves in attire from this particular region. How are they projecting their identities through the use of South Asian attire, when they aren’t from the region?”

As Saeji said, while they don’t mean ill, it is often just to add exotic imagery. But this exoticism, while some might say is the highest form of flattery, can actually be problematic and cause othering of the very cultures they borrow from. South Asia—and in fact, even the Middle East and Islamic culture—has always been subjected to exoticisation by the West. Intricately made mathapattis, bewitching classical dances, and traditional attire can seem very artistic at a first glance, and mysterious at the second, if you are not familiar with its cultural significance. So, for someone who doesn’t belong here, it can appear very “hot” or “exotic”. But, Kaur says, we are looking at things from a Eurocentric perspective and that itself is a problem. “Because if you think something South Asian is exotic, then that itself is exoticisation—because you are looking at it from a Western perspective which sees the East as ‘exotic'.”

The problem is, using just a selective few elements of the culture generalises and reduces all South Asians to a stereotype. While some might think of this arbitrary borrowing of elements as exciting, it does well to place it against the context of our colonial history that has led to internalised inferiority about our culture. Which means that instead of being pissed off, we are only too glad to see others using elements from our culture without giving us due credit, finding validation on the way for what is originally our own.

“It's a problem when K-pop groups use it as an aesthetic because it is “hot” or “exotic” on these non-Indian women, but when the same is worn by us outside of the region, it is seen as weird or extra or non-conforming,” adds Juyal. “We’re so busy trying to be the ‘model minority’ and scorning at our own culture that we forget most of them aren’t laughing with us, they’re just laughing at us. The same people will turn around and reduce us to a nation of nothing more than snake charmers, wheat farms, and curry eaters who all do Bharatanatyam and live in the jungle.” And that is evident in instances where you see idols casually mimicking mudras from classical dances on even passing mentions of India. Even in advertisements or songs, India is reduced to the country with the Taj Mahal and the curry—such as the time girl group Oh My Girl performed the “Curry” song, which is infamous for its blatantly racist lyrics.

But who exactly do we blame for this lack of initiative and awareness? Would it be the K-pop groups themselves, their managers, their agencies, their choreographers, their producers or the industry at large? “Everyone involved is responsible,” answers Saeji. “Artists could question these aesthetics. Producers could, agencies could.” When the artists and the staff involved in the production are old enough to create, it is natural to have expectations about them being aware about what they possibly use to create. “Everyone has access to the internet,” adds Chakraborty. “The Korean fandom in South Asia has never been this large before and K-pop idols or agencies can no longer sweep it under the rug. Globally as well, there is more awareness—especially among the younger people—about culture and what is and isn’t correct. So, it is naturally expected that they do the bare minimum.”

Contrary to popular notions, and far away from the screaming girls' stereotype, K-pop fans have always been very involved in cultural and political activism. In this case too, K-pop fans have always very rationally explained why it is a problem for them, and even informed the agencies responsible for the artists—through the use of well-crafted email templates. But that doesn't mean speaking out on stan Twitter—the very vocal community of Twitter users that post opinions related to music, celebrities, TV shows, movies and social media—does not have its own problems. Twitter can end up acting as an echo chamber where stans only amplify what they like hearing, even if it isn't essentially the truth. Then also comes the aspect of fan-wars online—between fans of different artists—where the issue can snowball into an argument about something trivial, taking attention away from the issue at hand. And in this particular case of South Asian appropriation, there is also the problem of South Asian fans always depicting South Asian culture with what is just specific to just the north of India.Korean Cultural Centre India will select each winner throughout 18 cities` regional round in song and dance category, and will hold the final on 12th September.

The 9th edition of K-pop India contest is coming up with the 2nd phase ‘Online Regional Round’. Under the epidemic situation prevailing globally, KCCI has been brought new model for post corona era through this event keeping the participants and fans safe as the number one priority. The entire contest went digital with solo entries only. Contest witnessed 1344 participants from across the country in two categories: vocal and dance segment in its first round which was held from 15th May to 15th June and more than 150,000 people have marked all promotional materials on posts on KCCI website and SNSs.

458 participants from 18 cities were able to make their entries in the second round. They will compete in vocal and dance categories for 2 spots each from each city. The second, regional round from 13th July to 16th August will be hosted by each local K-Pop fan club with the collaboration with KCCI. Fans and any passionate people who are interested in song and dance can enjoy all the performances at each regional round through online platform, most of regions will be hosted on live.

The 458 winners of the first rounds are from Ahmedabad, Aizawl, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Chennai, Dehradun, Delhi, Guntur, Hyderabad, Imphal, Itanagar, Kohima, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, Nagpur, Patna and Pune. Delhi has the biggest fan following (participants) followed by Kolkata, Chennai and Bengaluru.

Even though the 2020 Changwon World Music Festival has been cancelled and the situation owing to the Pandemic is not stable, KCCI was able to receive a great number of participants. Owing to the ongoing Pandemic, and in compliance with the guidelines provided for precaution against COVID-19, it was decided that the Regional Round will be hosted on an online platform (youtube) not on spot as expected before. With all these limits and restrictions, nevertheless, KCCI is holding this event to encourage all Indian youngsters not to give up their passion and hope for the future. Starting up with buzz event, meeting K-Pop star at KCCI`s Instagram live on 12th Sunday, 6pm, KCCI is holding promotional events also titled “Unlock your passion” 1.0 version to 3.0 version.

Kim Kum-pyoung , Director Korean Cultural Said “We have decided and challenged this event hoping all fans who have been locked in their houses to regain their passion and energy in their daily life. We expect to overcome the difficulties together with mutual sympathy through music.“

Korean Cultural Centre India will select each winner throughout 18 cities` regional round in song and dance category, and will hold the final on 12th September. The final 2 winners will be invited to Korea for music video shooting, cultural experience and exchange.The contract is an extension of a 2019 memorandum of understanding on collaboration in services of 5G-based new media contents. KT is the first Korean 5G network carrier to export Korean pop music and other digital entertainment contents via China Mobile's subsidiary.

In December 2019, KT's 5G network began global broadcasts of K-pop groups on its "KT Live Stage" program. Since then it has relayed seven live programs each month to audiences in Korea via Seezn – KT's OTT streaming service – and in Hong Kong via Migu's platform. Those KT Live Stage programs also have been repackaged into VOD format to export.

FarEasTone, a Taiwanese telecommunications company with much interest in high-definition streaming of K-pop contents, also provided its clients with free viewing of KT Live Stage.

KT has collaborated with music promoters and producers in producing the VR contents of all K-pop artists who participated in KT's earlier live broadcast programs. AR effects also have been added. The VR contents have been drawing keen attention from K-pop fans around the world.

The KT stage lineups range from new K-pop artists who are aiming for global markets to idol groups that have already established fandoms worldwide. K-pop fans around the world continue to follow up their performances with tweets and other SNS messages.

KT plans to further expand its live streaming service, targeting a growing number of Asian countries sharing interest in K-pop contents.

The telecom giant also plans to provide its domestic clients with a variety of global sports contents via Seezn, including those of the Chinese Volleyball Super League, or CVL.

Kim Hoon-bae, KT's Executive vice president for Customer New Business Unit, says the contract to sell Korean-produced entertainment contents to Migu is the result of the telecom provider's efforts to help promote the global reach of K-pop contents through its live streaming and other services.

As Kim noted, KT's subsidiary Genie Music signed contracts on the provision of K-pop contents with Tencent Music Entertainment Group and FUGA in May this year.

Tencent Music Entertainment Group, a company that develops music streaming services for the Chinese market, and FUGA, a Netherlands-based music technology and services company, were the latest additions to the list of Genie Music's some 50 overseas partners.

Among other partners are Amazon Music and TIDAL in the United States; Anghami, the Middle East; Yandex Music, Russia; JioSaavn, India; and Qobuz, France.

In April this year, KT also agreed with three global content platforms – HBO, VIKI and ODK – to provide them with "The First Shot," a low-budget web movie, which Seezn had planned and financed.

Kim says the KT-Migu deal will help the Korean mobile carrier provide global audiences with a variety of original contents as well as K-pop contents.

HBO and its subsidiaries are scheduled to broadcast "The First Shot" in 13 countries across Southeast Asia and South Asia in October. VIKI and ODK aired the movie in North and South America, Europe, Oceania and the Middle East in April.

For inquiries, please contact our Global Media Relations Team at [email protected]

KT Corp., Korea's largest telecommunications service provider, reestablished in 1981 under the Telecommunications Business Act, is leading the era of innovations in the world's most connected country. The company is leading the 4th industrial revolution with high speed wire/wireless network and new ICT technology. KT launched the world's first nationwide commercial 5G network on April 3, 2019, after successfully showcasing the world's first trial 5G services at the PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games in February 2018. This is another milestone in KT's continuous efforts to deliver essential products and services as it aspires to be the number one ICT Company and People's Company.

For more information, please visit our English website at https://corp.kt.com/eng/As nationwide protests against police violence and racial inequality continue in the U.S., K-pop fans, famous for their social media savvy, are using their collective power to rally around the Black Lives Matter movement.

K-pop stands for Korean popular music. So far, fans have crashed police department apps and co-opted hashtags. This highlights the subversive tools that have become part of the K-pop standom – which refers to the obsessive, dedicated, diehard fandom – resistance.

When K-pop stars BTS and their company, Big Hit, donated US$1 million to Black Lives Matter, BTS fans mobilized in a #MatchAMillion campaign. They successfully reached their fundraising target in 24 hours.

Big Hit was an outlier. While K-pop fans have received media attention for their support in the Black Lives Matter movement, the industry has largely remained quiet about what has become a global flashpoint. The silence from most of the K-pop industry stands out even more against the unprecedented number of businesses standing with the anti-racism movement as a corporate strategy.

I’m a scholar of popular culture, and my research on K-pop shows how the K-pop industry’s conventional practice of shying away from political issues is currently being challenged by the more politically vocal and engaged fans at the moment of Black Lives Matter.

K-pop is generally understood as a particular style of music produced, distributed, and consumed within the idol training and management system.

Under this system, Korean entertainment companies tightly control the images of the young K-pop stars and groom them to become “multi-entertainers” who can make various media appearances and potentially land numerous lucrative endorsement deals and partnerships with brands.

This goal requires K-pop stars to have a broad commercial appeal, secured through their exuberance and exhibition of values that the Korean public approve, such as humility, hard work, discipline, and obedience.

The K-pop industry has a long history of staying out of political and social issues. Entertainment companies fear that getting mired in politics will hurt business.

Even when millions of Koreans peacefully took to the streets for 20 consecutive weekends to demand the impeachment of ex-President Park Geun-hye for her role in the government corruption, the K-pop industry and its stars stayed mum.

K-pop’s transnational popularity, especially in East Asia, a region that has complex geopolitics and tensions from unresolved historical conflicts, is another reason the industry stays apolitical.

But due to the differing demands of the Korean fans who want their K-pop stars to advance Korea’s nationalistic causes and the international fans who want the K-pop stars to be sympathetic to their local causes, K-pop’s industry’s desire to maintain “apolitical neutrality” seems to be less tenable.

Even when K-pop stars avoid expressing their political views, geopolitical feuds between different countries in the East Asian region can lead to disastrous financial consequences.

The world saw the result of this in the aftermath of the U.S. missile defense system’s deployment on the Korean soil. Worried that the sophisticated radar systems included in the system can track China’s own missiles, the Chinese government issued a stern warning that the deployment of THAAD will lead to a disastrous relationship between two countries.

When the Korean government failed to heed to that demand, China banned Korean entertainment and entertainers, leading many Korean companies to see their share prices to dip more than 15 percent within a month of those retaliatory actions.

With K-pop’s growth into a US$5 billion global industry, Korean entertainment companies’ collective silence on Black Lives Matter seems to be less of a viable option when issues of racism and social inequality matter greatly to the American fans whose passion and effective fan labor have been at the center of that global growth.

K-pop’s global success being indebted to Black music and fandom is another important factor to why the K-pop industry cannot ignore the social justice movements that are happening in the United States.

K-pop’s influence from Black music such as hip hop, rap, and R&B is a huge factor in K-pop’s transnational appeal. Lee Soo Man, the founder of SM Entertainment, has acknowledged the connection, saying that K-pop is “based on Black music.”

The founders of JYP, YG, and Big Hit Entertainment have all publicly stated their influence from Black artists. The K-pop industry continues to draw inspiration from Black music by hiring Black American lyricists and producers to provide R&B style music.

K-pop’s breakthrough in the U.S. is largely attributed to its transnational fandom base, with Black fans contributing significantly to transform K-pop from a niche genre to a global phenomenon.

In fact, K-pop’s success in the U.S. was possible not because of a white, mainstream audience, but because a small, passionate group of K-pop fans – many from communities of color – discovered K-pop as they sought alternatives to the mainstream popular culture that continues to privilege white representation as the norm.

These fans are not political wallflowers.

American K-pop fans have held American journalists and mainstream media accountable when those journalists and outlets used racist stereotypes to cover K-pop. They have called out a white, Western record executive who expressed his desire to whitewash K-pop by creating a K-pop group without Koreans.

They have also challenged the racist and xenophobic actions of MTV when it created a separate category for K-pop artists called “Best K-pop” while excluding them from the main awards such as “Best Pop” or “Artist of the Year” for Video Music Awards.

For these American fans, K-pop has become a tool for social justice.

However, fans are also looking at this tool in the context of the K-pop industry’s – and the fandom’s – anti-Black racist practices as K-pop is being celebrated as a popular weapon for activism.

K-pop idols have a history of wearing cornrows, braids or dreads, performing in Blackface or making jokes about Black people.

Considering that K-pop is a product of systematic planning and controlled management, these anti-Black performances were done with the approval of the Korean entertainment companies. As K-pop fans in America and around the world are protesting for social justice and racial equality, they are also using the moment to reflect on K-pop’s practices of racism and cultural appropriation.

The current moment is one of reckoning for the K-pop industry, where the narrow nationalism of its apoliticism appears at great odds with its American K-pop fans’ demand for political and social change.

A significant number of K-pop stars have already publicly stated their support for the Black Lives Matter movement.

Korean entertainment companies that generally encourage their stars to refrain from political expressions as part of their management strategy have not stopped them from doing so.

In fact, on June 19, 2020, SM Entertainment, Korea’s biggest entertainment company, released an official statement on the Black Lives Matter movement. It took more than three weeks since the protests after the death of George Floyd and much prodding from American fans who have called out the company to speak out with #SMBLACKOUT movement for the company to issue its support.

However, this shows how the socially conscious and politically outspoken American fans can nudge the K-pop industry to become more political, especially as K-pop aims to stay global.

This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here.

If you enjoyed this article and want to receive more story updates in your news feed, please be sure to follow our Facebook.With the first openly gay idols like Holland to MRSHLL, more stars are finally challenging the conservative K-pop scene by publicly embracing their true identities and stepping up as LGBT role modelsAfter helping launch Blackpink’s new single into the YouTube record books, Interscope Records is expanding its K-pop roster with one of the scene’s fastest-rising young stars, Somi.

Variety can exclusively share that Somi’s Korean company The Black Label — a subsidiary label of YG Entertainment that’s home to groups like Blackpink, BigBang and iKon — has teamed up with Interscope in partnership for the singer. The 19-year-old will be represented by Interscope and Universal Music Group worldwide, outside of Asia.

It’s probably safe to say that Blackpink will welcome Somi to Interscope with open arms: The singers” regularly support to one another’s projects on social media: Somi posted the single cover to “How You Like That” upon its release to her 6.9 million Instagram followers, while Blackpink member Lisa appeared on the “I Am Somi” webshow earlier this year.

With half a decade in the K-pop industry already, Somi (full name Jeon Somi) originally rose to prominence after appearances on popular Korean TV singing competitions. The Korean-Canadian star most notably competed on the girl-group competition show “Produce 101,” where she finished in first place and debuted in the highly anticipated-but-temporary troupe I.O.I that produced chart-topping singles including the No. 1 hit “Very Very Very” in 2016. Before breaking out on her own as a soloist, Somi appeared on collaboration singles, hosted television shows, acted in a Korean web drama and scored high-profile endorsement deals.

In 2019, Somi made her official debut as a soloist with “Birthday” (below), the single produced by Blackpink’s go-to producer Teddy that was also used in the trailer for Awkwafina’s Nora From Queens series. Somi makes her musical return this week with the racing, rambunctious track “What You Waiting For” on July 22.

“I’m very excited to join the Interscope and Universal Music family,” Somi tells Variety in an exclusive statement. “They have a great roster of artists I love and a long history of breaking acts. I’m looking forward to the next steps in my career and can’t wait to share my music with the world!”

Sam Riback, EVP and Head of A&R at Interscope, adds, “Somi stands-out with her unique and worldly approach to pop music. She is poised to be the next international breakout artist and is yet another great addition to the blossoming relationship we continue to build with Teddy Park, Black Label and the entire YG family.”

Meanwhile Black Label co-founder Teddy, who wrote and composed “What You Waiting For” with Somi, says: “Somi is an incredible artist and we look forward to showcasing her many talents to the world together with Interscope and UMG. She is a global star in the making and we believe that this partnership will take her career to new heights.”

Somi’s signing marks the latest, larger global move for YG Entertainment. While former YG artists like Psy, Se7en and CL all aimed to break the U.S. market, Psy was the only artist to sign a full-fledged record deal (with Republic Records, which has since ended) leading him to four chart entries on the Billboard Hot 100. Since signing with Interscope, Blackpink has broken through in the U.S. with their own singles and recently teamed up with labelmate Lady Gaga on the track “Sour Candy” from her “Chromatica” album.

Somi also marks a rare solo K-pop act to strike a deal in the U.S. While several boy bands (including BTS, NCT 127, Monsta X, ATEEZ) and girl groups (like Twice and (G)I-DLE) have teamed up with American partners, Somi is among the first soloists.

Check out the music video teaser for “What You Waiting For” ahead of its release on July 22:I’ve always paid off my full credit card balances each month, so I have never had credit card debt. But I do have three mortgages. I always paid more than I had to each month on each mortgage, because I considered prepaying a kind of forced savings. The mortgages have different interest rates. From now on, I am going to put all extra payments toward the one with the highest interest rate.

Keep the big picture in mind.

You never buy insurance because you hope to submit a claim someday. You do it to protect against a time when something awful may happen. I have always thought of saving money the same way.

But the pandemic has made me realize that I’m not sure how much I’ll really need to have salted away to protect my family and to keep our solidly middle-class standard of living intact, both now and into the future.

That’s it for this briefing. See you next time.

Thank you

To Theodore Kim and Jahaan Singh for the break from the news. You can reach the team at briefing@nytimes.com.

P.S.
• We’re listening to “The Daily.” Our latest episode is on the fate of President Trump’s tax records.
• Here’s our Mini Crossword, and a clue: Ingredient in a croque monsieur sandwich (three letters). You can find all our puzzles here.
• “The Jungle Prince of Delhi,” a Times story about the mysterious royal family of Oudh from the reporter Ellen Barry, is being adapted for an Amazon series by the director Mira Nair.Although formed entirely of Japanese members and promoting exclusively in Japan, the proverbial DNA that runs deep in JO1, from the music to the choreography, is unmistakably that of K-pop. After the group's official announcement in the fall of 2019, the band traveled to South Korea to produce its debut single and train under the traditional K-pop practice regimen, with several South Korean songwriters co-credited in the production of the band's single album.Despite nearly half of its full lineup currently absent, the presence of K-pop boy band EXO, a third-generation K-pop stalwart, still resonates loud and deep, as remaining members pursue solo and subunit projects during the group's hiatus due to the military duty requirements of its members.

Currently three members – Suho, Xiumin and D.O. – of the highly popular nine-piece act are serving out their two-year military duties. Chinese member Lay has also been absent from the group's latest activities and promotions, focusing on his solo career in China and the United States.

By law, all able-bodied South Korean men must carry out military service for about two years in a country that faces North Korea across one of the world's most heavily fortified borders. Violators are punished with prison terms.





Amid the hiatus of group activities, Baekhyun recently made headlines after releasing his second solo EP album Delight to huge commercial success.

The seven-track EP sold over one million copies since its late May release to become the third-biggest selling record after BTS' fourth studio album Map Of The Soul: 7 and Seventeen's seventh EP record Heng:garae.

With Delight, Baekhyun became the first solo artiste to sell over one million copies of an album after Kim Gun-mo, who set the record with his seventh studio album in 2001.

Baekhyun also became the first singer to earn the "million seller" title through both group and solo projects in 20 years after K-pop icon Seo Taeji from back in 2000.

Upon release, Delight also climbed to No.1 on the Top Album charts run by Apple in 68 countries and regions upon release.

Baekhyun made his solo debut in July of 2019 with the debut EP City Lights, which moved over 500,000 copies in its first week.

"I want to leave a lasting impact through this album and further harden my position as a solo singer," Baekhyun said prior to releasing his second solo album. He is largely expected to enlist in the military sometime later this year.





EXO-SC, a subunit of EXO formed of rappers Sehun and Chanyeol, also came out with its first studio album 1 Billion Views on Monday.

The nine-track hip-hop oriented album, a follow-up to the duo's debut EP What A Life, soared to No.1 on the Top Album charts run by Apple in 50 countries and regions. Signs of domestic physical albums sales also hint at commercial success, with the album taking the lead in the major music retail sales charts of Hanteo Chart, Synnara Record and Hot Tracks.

1 Billion Views also was certified "platinum" by the Chinese music streaming service QQ Music, a title given to albums that record sales of over 1 million yuan (RM610mil). The new album hit the milestone just one hour and 25 minutes after it was uploaded on the streaming service.

Sehun said he contemplated a lot of his time as a child to his current life as a K-pop artiste while coming up with the words of the album.

"I thought about the hard and good times, reflecting on the busy career that I've lived through. It was a good opportunity to look back at the path I've taken," Sehun was quoted as saying in a press release from SM Entertainment.

EXO member Kai is also reportedly preparing to make his first solo outing in the second half of the year.

Kai, the main dancer of EXO, has recently been active in SM Entertainment's super band SuperM, formed of members for the companies major groups of EXO, SHINee, NCT 127 and WayV. – The Korea Herald/Asia News NetworkBien que formé entièrement de membres japonais et faisant sa promotion exclusivement au Japon, l'ADN proverbial qui est profondément ancré dans JO1, de la musique à la chorégraphie, est sans conteste celui de la K-pop. Après l'annonce officielle du groupe à l'automne 2019, le groupe est venu en Corée du Sud pour produire son premier single et s'entraîner dans le cadre du programme de formation traditionnel de la K-pop, avec plusieurs auteurs-compositeurs sud-coréens co-crédités dans la production de l'album unique du groupe.When K-pop behemoths like BTS and EXO want to elevate their looks to the next level for their schedules, they first turn to hair designer Park Nae-joo. Monsta X, NCT, GOT7, The Boyz and Golden Child are also among the acts Park has been styling for. 

 With combs and scissors in hand, the hairdresser has traveled to all parts of the world with the singers. He even headed to Las Vegas last year to do hair for BTS at the Billboard Music Awards. 

 Many would wonder how he came to work with such big-name stars and became one of the most sought-after hair stylists on the K-pop scene. Park, the CEO of hair/makeup salon Bit&Boot ("comb and brush" in Korean), gave an answer during a recent interview with The Korea Times at his shop in Gangnam-gu, Seoul.

 "EXO was my first K-pop band, which I have been working together with since the members were idol trainees at SM Entertainment," the reserved but passionate hair designer said. "I came to work with celebrities (like EXO) for magazines, advertisements, music videos and albums a few years after I kick-started my career as a hair stylist at a salon in Anyang, Gyeonggi Province."

 When asked about the rationale behind his "popularity," Park was initially bashful, but soon said: "I have been trying offbeat styles ― which deviate from something ordinary ― because I used to work for magazines and advertisements (that pursue uniqueness). This possibly could have appealed to people." 

 He added: "In the case of BTS, I have been styling the singers since the band's release of its second album. Following the launching of Bit&Boot in 2018, I grasped more chances to collaborate with other stars." 

 EXO's Kai, Baekhyun and BTS's V are those who pay most attention to their hair, Park said. 

 "The three have a deep interest in their styles and often give ideas and suggestions to me," he said. "On the other hand, EXO's Sehun is relatively indifferent to his hair and usually goes with the flow."

 Park, whose career spans over a decade, also disclosed how he works in harmony with the K-pop acts. 

 "Our hair team first discusses the group's new concept and outfits with the record label's visual team," he said. "After drawing a big picture, we decide on the details such as the hair color and styles for each member, considering the color combination. 

 "Then we use our design drafts that we gathered after the collections and figure out which ones match the members' garments, hair condition and length. Since we first introduce this year's trend to the members ― instead of directly asking them to try what we offer ― many of them say they are comfortable working with us." 



However, since the singers frequently change their hair color to exhibit untapped sides, their hair is always vulnerable to damage. But Park has a solution. 

 "We provide a regular step-by-step repair service after coloring," he said. "But even before dyeing, we lay a long-term plan to single out the most appropriate color that would less affect the singers' future activities." 

 Park moved on to explain his own philosophy, saying he values "texture" more than "shape." 

 "First, I use a mousse and a hairspray to try out various shapes and continue this until I find the best form," he said. "I then apply various types of hair products to create vivid texture. Once the shaping ― which can be thought of as planning ― is done, it does not take long to do the hair. 

 "I believe it is crucial to meet the wants of my clients. Even if a bald-headed person comes to my shop, I can use hairpieces or other items to style him in a way he wants." 

 However, Park's fame has given him a schedule as hectic as that of the celebrities ― he could only have one day off a year before the outbreak of COVID-19. 

 Working with A-list celebrities may be a dream come true for many, but for Park, the opportunity comes at the expense of his private life.

 "Honestly, the quality of my life is very low due to an intense workload," Park said. "I stayed abroad half a month prior to the pandemic and could hardly go home to spend time with my family. My schedule is often all booked before six months." 

 He also said he is often in a slump.

 "There is no specific guideline for a hairdresser, which means I have no way to find out where the end in my career is. It is also hard to know if I am improving or not." 

 Nonetheless, the hair designer revealed he loves his job and it feels rewarding when his clients pull off remarkable musical feats sporting the hairstyles he creates. 

 "The singers are now like my brothers rather than clients," he said. 

 Park concluded the interview by hinting at the hairstyles that will be in vogue this summer. 

 "Classic blue color is hot these days," he said. "Undercut was popular among men last year, but for 2020, long and multi-layered hairstyles ― such as the 'shag' and 'wolf' haircuts ― will take over."SEOUL, July 9 (Korea Bizwire) — Kwon Min-ah, the 26-year-old former member of a K-pop girl group AOA, revealed last week that she has been harassed by former AOA leader Jimin for the last 10 years.

Jimin, the 29-year-old rapper and singer whose real name is Shin Ji-min, was subject to massive criticism after threatening Kwon during the course of delivering her apology.

She left the group last Sunday and retired from all activities as an entertainer.

This incident goes beyond the internal troubles of a certain group. Rather, it shows the darker side of the K-pop industry and the system set up to produce so-called ‘idols’.

The trainee system and collective residences that have become a mandatory part of the industry, the hierarchy that exists within groups, and passive attitude from management companies towards internal disputes have all been revealed as serious problems faced by the K-pop industry.

Kwon said that she had to resort to medication due to the harassment, and attempted to take her own life on several occasions, which shocked the public.

FNC Entertainment, Kwon’s management company during her years as an AOA member, failed to listen to her struggles even though she told them about her situation.

While Kwon wrote posts about her struggles online on at least nine occasions, FNC spent two days insisting that they had no official stance on this matter.

It was only after Shin posted her apology on social media that FNC made an official announcement of Shin’s suspension, inciting criticism for being irresponsible.

Experts argue that the ‘idol’ procurement system should change.

Both the elite sport industry and the idol industry in South Korea share the system of collective residence and strict rules of conduct to focus on training a small number of elites to demonstrate outstanding performances.

Experts argue that a certain level of freedom, in which the members are entitled to a certain amount of personal space, might have prevented such an incident, pointing out that it falls on the management company to create an atmosphere in which the members can take care of themselves.The rookie K-pop acts breaking through the clutter and setting themselves up as leaders of the next generation of the genre.

For people who only follow K-pop sporadically, keeping up with the pace of the industry is dizzying. Between comebacks from established groups and exciting debuts that signal the eventual passing of the baton, K-pop keeps us busy.

Take note, however: being a K-pop rookie is no simple feat. With every year chock-full of releases, there are few chances to break through the clutter and rise to the top of the charts. Those who do, however, position themselves as potential front-runners of a new generation.

Safe to say, when everything seems doomed, the rookies are keeping us entertained and hopeful. So, here are five K-pop rookies to keep on your playlist, because you’ll soon see them everywhere.

While cignature’s debut single ‘Nun Nu Nan Na’ (released in February 2020) didn’t quite hit the mark when it came to memorable debuts, follow-up single ‘ASSA’ quickly rectified that.

Inspired by the Korean slang for “outsider” – used to describe someone not in the loop – on ‘ASSA’, the girls taught us how to have fun despite your “uncool” status. A catchy chorus, precise choreography, and cool-girl white suits offset by laser and neon lighting, ‘ASSA’ was a preview of the element that cignature will well and truly make their own.

2019 was a painful year for fans of Pristin, budding starlets from Pledis Entertainment. After just two years — during which they debuted on the Billboard Charts — the group officially disbanded following a prolonged spell of inactivity, much to the ire of fans.

But the Gods up there had decided that this wasn’t to be the end of this promising act and gave us HINAPIA. Comprising four former members of Pristin, plus newcomer Bada, HINAPIA immediately captured attention with ‘Drip’, an exaltation of newfound freedom.

As the girls take a more mature route on this new journey, we expect great things from them.

The nine members of Cravity opened doors to their world amidst growing uncertainty about the COVID pandemic, but that didn’t make their debut any less impactful. With their name derived from a portmanteau of the phrase “center of gravity”, their music served as just that.

Their debut single ‘Break All The Rules’ might have been about deviating from the status quo, but the contemporary context made it so much more profound. In a time when we were all retreating into involuntary slumber, Cravity told us all to wake the hell up.

As they compared the defeated looks in our eyes and our dead voices to a crime, a lot of us around the world awakened to the realization that things needed to change.

Usually, freshly minted K-pop acts keep things steady, establishing a stable musical ethos that becomes the foundation for their image. Not Oneus, nope.

Within a year of their January 2019 debut, Oneus had taken us on a dramatic journey that started with rock-leaning ‘Valkyrie’, to the crystal clear hooks of ‘Twilight’, to the grand cultural display of ‘Lit’, which incorporated heavy Korean instrumentation. 



Such experimentation and diversity would usually be expected of a more established act, which is exactly what makes Oneus so exciting. Clearly, the members are not about to box themselves in, and it’s this element of surprise that keeps us coming back.

K-pop thrives on immersive world-building. Some acts, like EXO, establish their mythos early on, presenting each member as an alien with the power to control an element. Others, like LOONA (another powerhouse rookie), weave an elaborate phantasmagoria spanning a year to introduce the stories of the members.

Then, there is OnlyOneOf, who dove into the maze of religious symbolism, temptation, resistance and deliverance, giving us some of the most conceptually avant-garde releases in just their first year.

While their debut track, ‘savanna’ dealt with the temptation of the forbidden fruit, ‘Sage’ gave us long-desired salvation after a personal resurrection. The sensual hypnotism was, evidently, too much for us to resist. Following their latest, ‘Dora Maar’, we’re all but waiting for them to resuscitate us again.In the week of May 16, the hit South Korean song “Eight” was at the top of the Billboard World Digital Song Sales chart and was the No. 1 download on Apple Music in 59 countries, including the United States. For 27-year-old singer-songwriter-actress IU (born Lee Ji-eun), it was the shiniest on a long list of shining accomplishments, including two dozen No. 1 singles in her country. And on June 24 IU and television star Lee Seo-jin became honorary ambassadors for South Korea’s National Tax Service (NTS).

Taxpayers' Day in Korea is March 3, when an award ceremony is held during which individuals and corporations receive presidential commendation for being “model taxpayers.” (This year, because of the pandemic, awards were granted, but without the ceremony.) As explained on the NTS website: “Toward a tax culture where honest taxpayers are respected and taxes are willingly paid, the NTS has introduced the Exemplary Taxpayer System.”

Each year, two celebrities from the group of model taxpayers are chosen to be honorary goodwill ambassadors. This year it was IU and Lee Seo-jin’s turn to be the faces of the NTS. “Not only do IU and Lee Seo-jin diligently pay their taxes, but they also actively participate in philanthropic contributions to society. We appointed them honorary ambassadors because they are fitting for the National Tax Service, which does its best to ensure honest tax payment,” the NTS commented. Celebrity tax ambassadors for the NTS model for posters, appear in infomercials, and even help prepare tax returns. In return, they are free from tax audits for three years, and they can go to the front of the line at immigration checkpoints in airports.

South Korea’s taxes are relatively low. In 2018 it had a tax-to-GDP ratio of 28.4 percent, compared with the OECD average of 34.3 percent, and was ranked 31st out of the 36 OECD countries. Joon-Kyung Kim and K.S. Kim convincingly argue that "the capacity to raise tax revenues as a result of the efforts to improve tax administration and to stamp out corruption in government in the 1960s was central to Korea’s economic development.” The NTS was founded in 1966 as part of a sweeping overhaul of what was then a dysfunctional system of tax administration. This year’s Taxpayers' Day was the 54th for the NTS. Information about the current and recent Korean tax ambassadors is presented in the table.

Until the mid-1970s, North and South Korea had comparable per capita income. Since then, while the North has stagnated, South Korea has been an economic dynamo. With a population larger than those of Texas and Florida combined, this country the size of Indiana now boasts the world’s 12th largest economy. It is renowned for its exports of electronics, steel, vehicles, ships, and — more recently — pop culture.

"Hallyu" refers to the wave of Korean popular culture that has swept airwaves and the internet in the last two decades. The Korean government lavishly subsidizes its entertainment industry. According to Euny Hong, author of The Birth of Korean Cool: How One Nation Is Conquering the World Through Pop Culture (2014), the government decided on an export entertainment strategy when it realized that it could make as much money in one year from a movie like Jurassic Park as Hyundai could make selling 1.5 million cars. Hallyu has contributed not only to the Korean economy, but also to the enhancement of South Korea’s national image.

At the crest of the Korean wave is K-pop: the dazzling constellation of teen and 20-something sugar-sweet singer-dancers filling the media airwaves worldwide. IU’s hit “Eight” features Korean idol Suga, also 27 years old. Suga is a member of the fabulously popular K-pop boy band BTS. The BTS phenomenon is comparable only to Beatlemania. Hysterical fans. Three No. 1 albums on the Billboard 200 chart in a single year. Last year, the mop-topped septet sold 4 million copies of an EP in six months. The 2018-2019 BTS Love Yourself World Tour was attended by 2 million fans in 14 countries. Hundreds of thousands of $400 tickets for the U.S. leg of that tour sold out in minutes. Overall, BTS generates nearly $5 billion for the Korean economy.

Unfortunately, K-pop is not all fame and fortune. Beyond all the glitz and glamor of synchronized dancing, frilly fashion, and fast-paced rhythms, there is a dark side. K-pop is an industry with practices that make the old Hollywood studio system seem like a Sunday picnic. Secretive training camps. Grueling rehearsal schedules. Mandated plastic surgery. Exploitative long-term contracts. All for teen wannabes. Only a few make it to the big time. And even then the money is small, and the pressure is unrelenting.

The OECD has put a spotlight on the critical role of taxpayer morale in developing countries. The organization defines tax morale as what motivates people to participate in, and comply with, the tax system. But as the OECD points out in Tax Morale: What Drives People and Businesses to Pay Tax? (2019), tax morale is important in developed economies as well, including the United States', with its “voluntary” income tax system: “Understanding and improving tax morale has been relatively neglected. . . . Improving tax morale therefore holds the potential to increase revenues with (relatively) little enforcement effort." In the United States, the income tax became a mass tax during World War II. And it seems the fear of the IRS instilled in the taxpaying public by a massive wartime ad campaign has never worn off. Whether it is rooted in fear or in patriotism, taxpayer morale is a critical component of tax administration.

Private businesses have goodwill. The corresponding intangible asset for tax collection agencies is tax morale. The Korean government annually rejuvenates taxpayer morale by enlisting the support of its nation’s superstars. Too bad that in the United States our leaders not only continuously drain the IRS of financial resources, but also routinely dissipate taxpayer morale with cheap shots at the easiest of easy government targets. It is unlikely that we are going to see Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin asking Ariana Grande to make a video for the IRS, but perhaps we can at least recognize that there is value to promoting the agency’s public image.The 26th Dream Concert, one of K-pop’s largest concerts, has moved online for its 2020 instalment.

The annual Dream Concert features a large number of performances from the industry’s most popular groups and idols. This year, the highly anticipated event plans to “deliver a message of hope and courage to K-pop fans around the world” by holding its first online concert, appropriately titled CONNECT:D.

The concert is slated to happen on 25 - 26 July 7PM (ID/TH Standard Time), 8PM (PH/SG/MY Standard Time). It will be a paid livestream, with tickets priced at $5 USD.

Beyond just a regular concert, CONNECT:D will feature state-of-the-art technology to provide fans with an immersive viewing experience, using augmented reality, virtual reality, and surround sound technology and multi-cams.

This year's lineup includes the most popular K-Pop acts today. Fans can expect to see performances from EXO-SC, MAMAMOO, Red Velvet and their Irene and Seulgi sub-unit, Lovelyz, OH MY GIRL, ASTRO, WJSN, Ha Sungwoon, Golden Child, Weki Meki, Jeong Sewoon, The Boyz, Stray Kids, ITZY, and many more.

The concert will be hosted by Super Junior's Lee Teuk and Eunhyuk, X1's Yohan, Weki Meki's Kim Doyeon, ASTRO's Cha Eunwoo and ITZY's Lia.

Last year’s edition of Dream Concert featured some of the biggest acts in K-pop, including Red Velvet, SEVENTEEN, SHINee’s Taemin, MAMAMOO, Oh My Girl, BTOB’s Ilhoon, (G)I-DLE, and so much more.

Check out some key performances from Dream Concert 2019:From owning houses and flats to developing commercial buildings, Korean stars like Rain and Kim Tae Hee have built up huge property portfoliosTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Long before Lady Gaga called up Blackpink, pioneering South Korean girl groups like Wonder Girls, 2NE1, Sistar and 4Minute pushed East Asian pop music into the globe, while challenging gender stereotypes through their daring performance concepts“I used to checkout sets of Harry Potter audiobook tapes from the public library and listen to it with my brother when I was in elementary school. Now I listen to audiobooks while commuting to work by bus and sometimes it reminds me of my childhood,” Kim Jung-yeon, a 34-year-old office worker, said.For Kim, who spent most of her childhood in Canada, audiobooks are a familiar form of content that she has enjoyed since she was young, but for many Koreans, this is not the case.“I did watch actor Kim Hye-soo’s TV commercials about audiobook app but I don’t think I will use it. It’s too different from reading books. Also, I usually write little notes about my thoughts in my book while reading. You cannot do that with audio,” Son Ki-yeon, a 28-year-old university student, said.“I do not even read e-books. I think books should be read in an old fashion way,” Min Soo-yeon, a 29-year-old working for a marketing company, said.The local audiobook market is currently estimated to be worth between 200 billion and 300 billion won ($166.9 million and $250.3 million), which is small compared to the global audio market.International consulting firm Deloitte predicts that the global audiobook market will grow by 25 percent to $3.5 billion this year. It also said that the US and China account for around 75 percent of the global audiobook market.Despite some existing hurdles, many companies still see that Korea’s audiobook market has high growth potential.Global audiobook company Storytel launched in Korea last November for this reason.“Korea is Storytel’s third country that it entered in Asia, after Singapore and India. It is the first non-English speaking country. We decided to enter Korea because Koreans have a high understanding of using subscription-based services on apps. Also, although the rate of people reading books is low here, they do have a high will to read more books,” a Storytel Korea spokesperson told The Korea Herald.The local audiobook market has been showing signs of further growth ever since COVID-19 broke out in late February, which led to an increase in the amount of time people spend indoors.According to Storytel, its number of users increased by 2.5 times during the second quarter of this year compared to the first quarter.In March, the number of users for IT giant Naver’s audio content service Audio Clip jumped 72 percent compared to the number of users of the service in January. The number of book contents that were played in March also increased by 38 percent.As competition in the audiobook market is growing with companies like Korea’s biggest bookstore Kyobo Book Center and e-book startup Millie’s Library also entering the market, firms are coming up with different strategies to become the market leader.Storytel’s competitive edge is its collection of over 45,000 English audiobooks, which it compiled to appeal to users in Europe.“We see that the content will especially appeal to workers in their 20-30s who want to listen to English contents,” the Storytel spokesperson added.The Swedish company also provides around 5,000 Korean contents and plans to add 2,000 to 3,000 more Korean audiobooks by the end of this year.Storytel added that its other competitive advantage is that its books are recorded by professional voice actors.“Many companies use celebrities but we see that the quality of the content is better when they are recorded by professional voice actors. Also, we provide the entire book, while some local companies only provide some parts of the book.”Naver’s Audio Clip is one of Storytel’s competitors presents some of its contents jointly with celebrities.Actor Kim Tae-ri recorded the classic Korean modern literature “The Wings” by Yi Sang. Over 64,000 people have listened to this content, according to Naver. Actor Seo Yi-suk also recorded “Kyonghui” written by Na Hye-seok and more than 1,200 audiobooks were listened in the first week of its release.“We are not only focusing on providing content with celebrities. We also have content recorded by professional voice actors as well. We make our decision during the planning stage through discussing with publishers and writers,” Naver spokesperson Yang Ha-na said.However, Naver admitted that contents recorded by celebrities, especially K-pop stars, sell well. “We have audiobook recorded by K-pop boy band Got 7’s member Jinyoung and it was popular among the group’s fans,” Yang added.Korean audiobook startup Welaaa is also marketing its brand aggressively through a commercial featuring the popular Korean actor Kim Hye-soo. The startup said it selected Kim for her image as an avid reader. Kim also recorded Park Wan-suh‘s book “My Beautiful Neighbor.”Providing exclusive content is also another strategy for differentiation. Naver is introducing new novels exclusively through Audio Clip. Kim Yeon-su’s new serial novel was first released as an audiobook. The complete book was published afterward.Moreover, Naver also introduced an audio series based on classic titles called “Kim Tae-ri’s Recover Book.” Kim introduces classic Western novels through a brief summary of the content.“The series selects classic novels that are difficult to read on my own. Kim Tae-ri reads a summary of the novel and also some impressive parts in the book. She also adds a brief review of the book. It is educational,” Park Yoo-jin, a listener, said. Park said she usually listens to the series while doing household chores.“Also, Kim’s voice sounds really nice and there is also peaceful background music. It is very comforting,” Park added.Meanwhile, the National Library of Korea is also preparing to provide special audiobook content in collaboration with EBS this year.“We plan to produce 30 audiobooks on Korean short novels and broadcast them through EBS’s radio channel during the second half of 2020,” a National Library official said. “We will also provide these contents through our library website at the end of the year.”By Song Seung-hyun ( ssh@heraldcorp.comKorean pop idols generally stay away from any political alignments. According to reports, the management companies have strict policies over the K-pop idol talking about anything related to political influences. However, a congressional candidate from the United States of America is now claiming that K-pop is ‘foreign propaganda’ and the K-pop juggernauts BTS or Bangtan Sonyeondan, are ‘socialists’. Politician KW Miller is making these ardent claims through his Twitter posts. The group’s fan base is now confused and thinking about what exactly the accusations mean. The social media post in question was flooded with ‘confused’ reactions from the followers of K-pop.

Here is what he shared:

Also Read | BTS Army Day: Jungkook Goofily Claps On Wall Amusing Jimin As Rest Continue To Wish Fans

Also Read | BTS' ARMY Celebrates The Seventh BTS ARMY Day By Creating A New Song Titled '7 Reasons'

The US politician KW Miller is not only blaming BTS but also dragging K-pop’s involvement in politics in the US. The remarks and allegations come after the wayward turnout of the audience for President Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally in June. As per reports, over one million people were registered to be a part of the rally. However, people in few thousands turned up. The reason behind the low turnout was the pseudo reservations made by K-pop stans and group of TikTok users. As per reports, it was the youth’s way of showing disapproval of the president running for the second term. The main aim of the youth was to ‘spoil the rally’ as per media reports.

K-pop and TikTok reserved for Tulsa and didn't attend

Also Read | BTS' 'Your Eyes Tell' Co-written By Jeon Jungkook To Be Used As Japanese Film's Theme Song

The politician wrote, “Last month @AOC worked with KPOP agents via the app TikTok to sabotage the President's rally. KPOP is foreign propaganda. Why was AOC conspiring with Koreans such as Junkook and BTS (Big Time Socialists) to undermine our President? TikTok is Chinese owned. Kim Jong Un knew?.” The claims mentioned Kim Jong Un, however, he is from North Korea and not South and the tweet also mentions Chinese involvement. The politician's bizarre tweet was called out by many Twitteratis.

The politician did not stop as he continued to question the congress. He wished that ‘K-pop fans be tried for treason in court’. KW Miller is known to throw shade at several celebrities. He had recently accused Beyonce of being a ‘fake’ African-American race person. He claimed that Beyonce is Italian. He had also accused Zendaya of illicit actions involving Disney.

He continued to post the following:

Also Read | BTS ARMY Trends #ThankYouJin On Twitter After The Singer Celebrated ARMY Day, See Posts

There was sheer confusion created in the comments section of the post

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.Although K-pop and American pop have many similarities, there are a lot of ways in which they differ. For instance, one aspect of K-pop most people might notice first is the sheer amount of members in one group.

While most American groups simply have either four or five members, BTS, the most popular K-pop group around the world, has seven members. Additionally, there are several K-pop groups that have over 10 members. And the biggest one, NCT, is made up of a total of 21 people.

Because of this, some people might be wondering: Why exactly are K-pop groups so big? Do entertainment companies in South Korea find it beneficial to have 10+ people in group?

Companies can make money off of different talents

One big advantage large K-pop groups have is the ability to showcase different talents. Most K-pop groups regardless of size are already expected to have members who are skilled in singing, dancing, and rapping. However, the larger units can afford to have multiple members who are talented these areas, allowing them to wow fans with mesmerizing choreographies or extraordinary harmonies. For example, boy band Seventeen has 13 members split into three sub-units specializing in singing, dancing, and rapping.

Not only that but large K-pop groups can even have members who are talented in acting or modeling. This allows them make even more money in other types of work unrelated to music.

Additionally, there is also room for members from other countries. Korean companies have been trying to promote K-pop around the world for many years now, so members who can speak different languages are extremely valuable. For example, girl group Twice has three members from Japan, which has helped them achieve success in the Japanese market.

Fans can easily find a favorite member to like

RELATED: 5 K-Pop Bands Like BTS You Should Follow

Different people find different characteristics appealing, so having a large group ensures that most fans can find someone who captivates them. In fact, it is also common for groups to have a member whose main job is to look good.

A large group not only has the potential to attract more fans, but this causes them to spend more money as well. For example, K-pop albums often come with collectible photo cards of different members. Some fans enjoy collecting cards of every person in a group while others might just buy multiple copies of an album just to get their favorite member’s card. Either way, these fans are likely to spend a lot of money to support the group in question.

Boy bands can still be active if some members enlist in the military

RELATED: Are the BTS Members Purposely Trying to Delay Their Military Service?

South Korean men from the age of 18 to 28 are required to serve about two years in the military. Since K-pop is an industry that changes quickly, going on hiatus for two years could kill a group’s momentum.

However, having a large boy band can help to soften the blow of military services. It is easy for a few members to enlist at a time while the rest of the group continues to make music and entertain fans. With a big group, their stage performances would also still look full even with some members gone. For example, Super Junior, who currently has nine active members, used this technique for almost ten years while each member took turns going into the military.

What is it like to manage a large K-pop group?

RELATED: The Shocking Dark Side of BTS and Other K-Pop Groups

It is no secret that managing a large K-pop can be quite challenging. Seventeen’s manager once appeared on the Korean TV show The Manager to show how much coordination it takes to keep everyone together. For instance, roll calls are a common occurrence and each member is assigned a number to call out. Additionally, managers are often kept busy backstage trying to make sure everyone is where they are supposed to be.

However, while there are difficult moments, it seems many K-pop companies still see large groups to be worthy of the investments they put.I’ll admit that I didn’t really know a whole lot about K-pop until a couple of years when I began to notice it trending on social media, but I’ve been completely unsurprised to see that Korean popular music and its fans have started to find their way into YA books. It’s been so cool to explore what this fandom means to so many teens through YA books, and with the news of I’ll Be the One being picked up for potential film development, I thought I’d share three recent YA books about K-pop if you’re interested in reading more!

I’ll Be the One by Lyla Lee

It was just announced on Monday that this book is in the works to be adapted into a film by HBO Max! I read it last month I thought it was so much fun, plus it does a really good job of explaining and contextualizing K-pop if you’re a total beginner. It’s about Skye Shin, a fat, bisexual Korean American teen who is excited for the chance to audition for a reality TV show to find the next K-pop stars in the U.S. She nails her audition—but one of the judges thinks that Skye’s weight means she’s lazy, even though she has to work twice as hard. As the competition heats up and Skye inadvertently befriends another celebrity competing, she’ll find the pressure closing in on all sides. I’m especially excited about the adaptation news because there were so many great song and dance scene descriptions and I wished I could see the performances!

Somewhere Only We Know by Maurene Goo

Get a look at what it means to be a K-pop star in this fun book from Maurene Goo! It stars Lucky, one of the biggest stars whose career is on a meteoritic rise when she sneaks out of her hotel late one night in pursuit of a hamburger. She encounters Jack, whose mission is to sneak into said hotel and snap the perfect photos for the tabloid he secretly works for. Soon, their lives will never be the same. This is a fun spin on the classic film Roman Holiday, set in Hong Kong.

For a YA novel written from an authentic insider perspective, be sure to pick up this book when it comes out in September! Jung is the former singer of the band Girls Generation, and in this novel she tells the story of Korean American Rachel Kim. Rachel is recruited by one of the biggest labels to become a star. In exchange, she must work incredibly hard and not fall for anyone…but when the secrets of the industry begin to weigh heavily on her and Rachel begins to fall for one of the label’s biggest male stars, she must decide if she has what it takes to shine.

Whether you’re a long-time K-pop fan or new to the world, these books are lots of fun!

Want more “3 On A YA Theme” posts? Gotcha covered.A K-pop event doing regional rounds comes as a relief during these testing times. As the world reels under the COVID-19 pandemic, the Patna unit of King Sejong Institute is going to hold the much-awaited K-pop event of the year online.

Originally from South Korea, K-pop is now a popular genre which has experimental, rock, jazz, hip hop and electronic undertones.

The King Sejong Institute, which promotes educational and cultural relationship between India and South Korea under MoU with many educational institutions in Patna including Hajipur Women's College and others, this year is going virtual with their K-pop event.

Not letting the pandemic affect them, the event is being organised with 18 regional rounds in 18 cities.

Talking to The New Indian Express, Grace Lee, faculty of The King Sejong Institute in Patna said, "We won't allow COVID-19 to rain on our parade and so here we are introducing the contest through the online mode for the first time."

She added that K-POP 2020 will be focused encouraging people to look at the brighter sides in a crisis.

It had started with around 1,344 online participants with 18 regional rounds, held first in Aizawal on July 15, Dehradun on July 19 and Imphal on July 25.

"Patna round of K-POP is to be held on July 25 which would be followed by Lucknow and Arunachal rounds on July 26, Kohima round on July 27 and Delhi round on July 31. It would be held in Kolkata on August 1, Nagpur on August 2,Guntur on 3, Chennai on August 7, Pune on August 8, Mumbai and Bangalore on August 9, Gujarat on August 14, Bhopal on August 15, Hyderabad on August 16 with total 458 contestants in the regional rounds," Grace Lee said.

On July 25, the Patna round of K-POP is being sponsored by the Korean culture Centre India.

She said that Kim Kum Pyoung, the director of Korean culture Centre India is going to be the chief guest of the K-POP Patna round on July 25 besides others prominent personalities of India and South Korea.

"In Patna round of K-POP, there are 19 contestants in the song category and 11 in the dance category from across Bihar, neighbouring states Jharkhand and Assam," Grace Lee said, adding that winners will be announced on July 28 through the facebook account of The King Sejong Institute and other virtual modes of communication.

Quoting Keith Richards, she said that music is a language that does not speak in particular words. "It speaks in emotions and if it's in the bones, its in the bones," she said.Following a lawsuit against her by her son, the mother of late K-pop star Goo Hara has come out to give her side of the story.

The mother appeared on July 23 on broadcaster JTBC's Spotlight program, which looked at the dispute over who gets to inherit the late singer's assets.

Goo Hara, 28, was found dead at home in November last year, leaving behind a note filled reportedly with pessimistic thoughts.

On the program, her mother, whose face was not shown, explained why she had walked out on her children when they were young, South Korean pop culture website, Soompi, reported.

She said: "What kind of parent doesn't want to raise their child?

"However, I had my own circumstance. In my situation without a job, leaving with only one bag, even though I wanted to raise them, I found myself in a situation where I couldn't, so I didn't."

Goo Hara and her brother Ho-in were abandoned by their divorced parents when they were nine and 11 respectively and were cared for by relatives.

After the death of Goo Hara, her parents each received half of her assets in accordance to South Korea's Civil Act. Her father gave his half to Ho-in, while her mother still maintains her right over her half despite failing to fulfill her parental duties.

Regarding her decision to appoint lawyers to help her get a share of her daughter's estate, Goo's mother said: "I told the lawyers to take care of it on their own. My daughter had died, what kind of inheritance or money could have been important?

"I don't even know now how it worked out. I don't know anything. I don't even know what the amount of money is. Don't keep asking questions. This is hard."

Her son has since filed a lawsuit against her, saying she has no right to the inheritance. He has also petitioned for a Goo Hara Act to change the country's inheritance law to prevent a parent's claim on their children's assets if he or she had neglected parental duties.Barron Trump is making himself at home as one of only a few sons of presidents to grow up in the White House. Photo: EPABetween the night sky and the soft glow of street lights, seven lanky silhouettes stand shoulder to shoulder on an abandoned bridge. From afar, OnlyOneOf resemble the perfect equation of a seven-member K-pop group. Upon closer listening, one would then realise that their music makes them truly only one of their kind.

Backed by creative director Jaden Jeong, the mastermind behind the LOONA universe, OnlyOneOf is the first boyband created by 8D Creative (RSVP). OnlyOneOf's debut in 2019, with their R&B inspired tracks 'time leap' and 'savanna', put a refreshing spin on K-pop and defined the band as a new force to be reckoned with. The band made their debut with their first EP dot point jump Vol.1, dropped their latest release, Produced by [], Pt. 1 last May.

Boasting a dynamic mix of talents, OnlyOneOf desire to be different. The group consists of Nine (vocalist, beatmaker, maknae), Mill (rapper), Rie (vocalist, dancer), JunJi (vocalist, dancer), Love (leader, main vocalist), YooJung (dancer) and KB (rapper, producer). With their artistic voices shining through as one through their self-produced and choreographed songs, it is no surprise that the rookie group earned their title as one of Billboard's Top 5 New K-pop acts to watch in 2020.

Bandwagon caught up with OnlyOneOf, who shared with us their journey from their days as trainees, idol inspirations, member chemistry, and music.

Tell us about your K-pop idol journey started.



The seven of us started off our careers as trainees, just like most of the K-pop groups did. We were raised and influenced by many K-pop artists before us, like Bigbang, EXO, and Psy. Their influences have expanded globally through their music and all of us were very determined to do the same.

We met Jaden, our creative director, who had a vision of expanding the musical spectrum of K-pop through bringing in other genres like R&B and deep house. That has never been done so far, we loved his vision and started the journey with him as OnlyOneOf.

What does OnlyOneOf signify?



OnlyOneOf represent our aspiration to be a one of a kind artist within the K-pop Idol spectrum. We want to provide a unique value proposition to our fans, through our music and interactions with them that can never be otherwise satisfied. We always go back to our name by reflecting our original intention to all our works and try to differentiate ourselves step by step as we move forward.

Describe the dynamic between the members.



We have a long history behind us since our trainee period. All seven of us have different characters and we have learned how we can maximize the synergies amongst us. For example, Nine and KB are ones who produce tracks and beats for our tracks. After finding a common ground in their ideas, they share their sketches with Love and Rie, who will brainstorm top lines and potential melodies to add to the tracks. Yoojung orchestrates and puts everything together by collecting choreography inputs from Junji and Mill. We do this very casually and of course, we are seeing some progress on what we have achieved from this process and hopefully, we can release some of these tracks in the near future.

In light of the competition in the K-pop scene with new groups debuting fairly often, how different is OnlyOneOf from other rookie groups?



We think the insane competition in the K-pop scene is a very good opportunity for us. We sincerely hope this global support from K-pop fans can also be a great opportunity to shed light on many great non-idol musicians in Korea who deserves global recognition. Thus, we aspire to interact with them through our albums and singles that we release. Our most recent collaboration with the producer GRAY from AOMG was an eye-opening experience for us in that sense, and hopefully, this can be a gateway to more collaboration opportunities with non-idol musicians and producers in Korea.

Tell us about your debut EP dot point jump Vol. 1.



Dot point jump Vol. 1 is our very first work with Jaden so we tried to focus more on what our impression of K-pop that we adored and grew up with. 'savanna' reminds us of the mid to late '90s when H.O.T and Deux other 1st generation K-pop Idols gave this sense of chill vibes and trendy atmosphere through some of their tracks.

We thought those chill tracks of the 1st generation K-pop groups were worth revisiting, but with a touch of modern sound from recent K-pop and other pop tracks. 'time-leap' is also one of our favourite tracks from dot point jump Vol. 1. It brings us back to emotional melody lines that we missed from 1st generation K-pop tracks.

As mentioned before, we feel that our debut EP is a very honest work as an initiation of our career. It represents the start of what we do and how this can evolve into our future works.

With most of your listening audience from Southeast Asia and having toured Malaysia last year, which countries do you want to visit in the future, and why?



Honestly, we do want to meet all global fans out there and interact with them. We really hope to understand which part of our work they like the most and we strongly believe that understanding our fans through interacting with them can help us develop our next works. Thailand is one of the countries we hope to visit for sure, because we think their own band culture and unique musical identity is very interesting. Also, after our dance cover of Rosalia’s 'Malamente', we are very intrigued by the music of Latin communities so we really hope to visit them in the near future as well.

Tell us about some of your favourite memories from your Malaysia tour last year.



We sincerely loved the passion of fans in Malaysia and how they interacted with us through our stages. We were quite new to the weather in Malaysia, so we were quite concerned for fans who were supporting us despite the hot and humid weather there. Thankfully, most of our performances were inside the mall, but we sincerely thanked all the fans who visited us all throughout the 11 days tour. We are definitely going back to Malaysia with better stage conditions to meet them once again.

Tell us more about a favourite concept the group has done so far.



We love our most recent track 'Angel' the most so far, because we feel that it was our very first step in the direction that we wish to pursue as OnlyOneOf, which is interacting with the best talented non-Idol track makers and producers based in Korea. We were deeply inspired by producer GRAY’s flexibility and open-mindedness in sharing his works with other hip-hop artists like Jay Park and others in AOMG. This enlightened us and gave us insights on how we approach our choreography design and music video shooting, so we feel that we had the most natural and liberal vibes in 'Angel'. 



Having starred in Mnet’s reality show series ‘Unlocking Love’, share with us about how the experience was like.

Haha, it's not the proudest experience that we want to talk about, but definitely the funniest experience for all of us. As you probably know, K-pop trainees are not quite open to having relationships during the trainee period and event after the debut for the initial stage as rookies. We loved the show’s concept that we are allowed to think outside of the box, but we're definitely not the smoothest guys since we don’t have that many romantic relationships before. We think we’d be a little bit better if we shoot the show now.

Last month, you celebrated your first anniversary. What was unexpected about your journey in your first year as a group?



I guess our most impressive event within the 1st year of our career was us being able to interact with fans from different parts of the globe through Rosalia’s 'Malamente' dance cover. We think the Latin community has so much to share with Koreans, as their expression is very passionate, though restrained at the same time. Yoojung did tremendous work digesting what the song expressed as music and re-interpreted it as a choreography. He put everything together as a K-pop performance that both K-pop and Latin communities can enjoy together. We loved this process of bridging the gap between the communities through our content and we strive to continue this through our different forms of works, whether through dance covers or music.

Where do you see OnlyOneOf in a few years?



We sincerely thank all our previous K-pop senior groups and who are currently opening new phases for the K-pop scene globally so that the environment we can start from is much more advantageous than what K-pop Idols experienced ten years ago. Hopefully, in a few years, we can add value to spread more positive ideas and vibes to more K-pop fans globally. Ultimately, we want to provide more opportunities and a more advantageous environment to very much talented musicians in Korea and K-pop Idols who will be debuting from now on and are deserving of more attention from fans in different parts of the globe.

Listen to OnlyOneOf's latest EP Produced by [], Pt. 1 here:Blackpink scored its first top 40 single when the girl group's comeback single "How You Like That" debuted at No. 33 on the Billboard Hot 100 (dated July 8). But which K-pop group could make it to No. 1 on the chart?

BTS has come close in the past three top 10 hits -- "ON" from the boy band's latest LP Map of the Soul: 7 reaching all the way to No. 4 in March, the Halsey-assisted "Boy With Luv" securing the No. 8 spot last April, and "Fake Love" clocking in at No. 10 in June 2018.

Red Velvet, Monsta X, Seventeen, Twice, EXO and LOONA have topped Billboard's World Digital Song Sales and/or Japan Hot 100 charts in their careers, so crossing over to the U.S. all-genre tally is possible. Meanwhile, SuperM already made that major linguistic crossover last October when the supergroup's first album SuperM: The 1st Mini Album topped the Billboard 200 chart.Ghost of Tsushima has been outstanding since its release recent (do check out our review on the game) where it has gathered positive reviews from gamers everywhere. It seems that certain Kpop fans however think that the game should be removed for allegedly racism content.

The issue? Well it seems that some of them feel that Sucker Punch, the game’s developer is ‘capitalizing’ on Japanese culture. Here are some of the examples of tweets of what they’ve said:
• “White men making a game about Japanese history is cultural appropriation at it’s finest. Can white people just die already?”
• “Ugh, can they (Sucker Punch) like not be racist? Literally capitalizing on Japanese culture. I’m so done with Sony”

Despite the negative views, it appears that gamers in Japan are totally in love with the game as it is well received in the country. The game is reportedly sold out where gamers are even encouraged to purchase from the PlayStation Store instead.

If you haven’t played the game, Ghost of Tsushima comes with a Black and White mode, where even the game mentions that it is inspired by Akira Kurosawa’s movies (you might have heard about Seven Samurai).

Be sure to checkout our full Ghost of Tsushima review if you haven’t! (it’s spoiler-free)

Pokdepinion: I just don’t understand how they could call the game racist where in the tweet they mention about ‘white men’. That totally proves that they are a bunch of hypocrites. In all honesty, this is totally uncalled for.Like her bandmates, Blackpink’s lead rapper Jennie is as fashion-forward as they come; in fact, she's the first band member to partner with a French fashion house following a number of stylish collaborations with Chanel Korea. The New Zealand-raised 24-year-old boasts 28.6 million followers on Instagram .

Whether she’s at the front row of fashion week in Milan or at the launch of the latest Korean beauty brand, the youngest member of K-pop girl group Blackpink turns heads wherever she goes, adored by a whopping 35 million fans on Instagram .

Sign up for our newsletters to get all our top stories delivered.

These globally-renowned actresses and K-pop girl group members, four of which hail from the phenom that is Blackpink, are slaying it on Instagram in 2020

Known for her edgy rock-star vibes yet easy-going manner, Blackpink’s lead dancer Rosé was just confirmed to be the new global face of Saint Lauren for Fall 2020. The New Zealand-born K-pop star is said to be the most shy and quiet member of the group. Her 25.6 million followers on Instagram don’t seem to mind though. See also: 7 Asian Make-up Artists To Follow On Instagram

The oldest member in the group, Jisoo rose to fame with a number of acting roles, music video cameos and huge brand endorsements before her debut with Blackpink. Known for her humorous personality, Jisoo commands a following of 24.3 million on Instagram.

With a K-pop career that spans more than a decade and 14.8 million fans on Instagram, Taeyeon was most famously one of the nine original members of the incredibly popular Girls’ Generation group. Now part of Oh!GG, a sub-unit of Girls’ Generation, Taeyeon delighted fans with teaser videos of her latest single, Happy, in March. See also: Gou Getter: What’s Next For South Korean DJ & Fashion Designer Peggy Gou

The popular singer and star of the hit 2019 Korean TV series Hotel Del Luna is touted to be the most followed Korean actress on Instagram at the moment, thanks to some 12.3 million fans.

The fresh-faced star of the action-packed South Korean film, Ashfall, was also a member of the girl group Miss A (disbanded in 2017) and has starred in such popular South Korean TV shows as While You Were Sleeping and Vagabond. Catch up on her latest happenings alongside her 12.5 million followers on Instagram. See also: The New Asia: The Most Powerful, Influential & Stylish People To Know In 2020Late K-pop star Goo Ha-ra's ex-boyfriend has been jailed for blackmailing her over sex videos that eventually led her to her apparent suicide.





A panel of three judges sentenced Choi Jong-bum, 29, to one year in prison, Thursday, overturning a lower court's 18-month sentence suspended for three years.





Before her death on Nov. 24, 2019, Goo, a member of now-disbanded girl group Kara, told media that Choi had threatened to leak their sex videos. Surveillance video footage showed the singer kneeling before him.





"Sexual relations are the most intimate part of one's privacy, so threatening to leak the video would have imposed irreversible damage on the victim and destroyed her reputation," the court said in the ruling. 





"Given that the victim was a famous celebrity, the defendant was evidently aware that the degree of damage would be very serious. Yet, he worsened the crime by using it against her and threatening to leak it to the media."





But the court said there was "not sufficient evidence" that she did not consent to be filmed.





Her death again turned the spotlight on the country's epidemic of spycam crimes, which have become a major social problem in recent years. 





Goo's brother Ho-in expressed mixed feelings about the ruling, saying the penalty was still too lenient.





"I do take it as a small comfort that he received a real prison sentence this time," he told reporters. "The fact he was not found guilty for the illegally taped video, and (receiving) a one-year sentence still feels unfair."





Goo focused on her solo career after Kara broke up in 2016 and toured Japan with her latest release shortly before her death.





The news came only a month after Sulli ― a K-pop star and her friend ― took her own life after years of struggle with stress and online bullying.SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - South Korea's police force has overcome a troubled and sometimes violent legacy in order to build trust with citizens. Now it's trying to export its crime-fighting practices across the globe.

South Korea's K-pop music and film industry are some of its best-known cultural products. But the so-called "Korean Wave" also includes the country's police forces — known as K-cops.

The Korea National Police Agency (KNPA) says it has a lot to offer countries that want to improve their law enforcement systems. In 2015, the KNPA launched the K-cop program to share that knowhow and has worked with overseas partners in 110 nations.

"It's a way for us to collaborate with other countries to fight international crime," said the KNPA's chief of international cooperation, Yeo Tae-su. "The international border system has been weakened, so we need to work together to stop things like drug trafficking, terrorism and other organized crime."

Through the K-cop program, the KNPA holds workshops for visiting law enforcement officials and dispatches KNPA officers overseas for training projects.

Yeo tells VOA that most of the agency's partners are interested in enhancing their cybercrime investigation capabilities.

The agency describes some of its capacity-building initiatives as "smart policing," which relies heavily on technology-based systems. That includes surveilling the internet for illicit videos or suspicious activity, as well as using a network of closed-circuit television cameras to monitor areas where crimes have been reported.

Yeo adds that partners can also learn from South Korea's own experience of building up its police force over the past 70 years.

"After the Korean War, everything was destroyed here and we needed to rebuild all of our society's systems," he said, noting that South Korea received assistance from the United States and some European countries in that process.

"Developing countries can look toward South Korea today as a model to improve their own systems," Yeo said.

South Korea's police force hasn't always been seen as a good model.

Michael Breen, author of the book The New Koreans: The Story of a Nation, tells VOA that the KNPA had an "awful reputation."

He explains that during South Korea's Cold War-era military dictatorship, the national police force "became the most anti-Communist agency in government" and was tasked with quelling student-led pro-democracy movements, which authorities often labeled as sympathetic toward North Korea.

Some rallies would "get out of control" with students hurling Molotov cocktails and pieces of concrete at the riot police, who in turn fired canisters of tear gas at the protesters, said Breen, who reported for British and American newspapers in the 1980s. "It made Korea look like a war zone."

And if students were apprehended by the police, any rules regarding the treatment of detainees were "either non-existent or ignored," he said.

The torturing to death of a student activist in 1987 at the hands of the police is widely credited with sparking the democracy movement that compelled the country's leadership to call for free elections later that year.

Breen says it was at this point that the KNPA determined that it needed to "win the trust" of the people and it gradually implemented reforms to prevent further clashes with citizens.

"The police years ago realized the students were violent because of their own tactics," he said. "Now the whole nature of protests have changed."

In late 2016 and early 2017, millions of South Koreans took part in weekly demonstrations against former president Park Geun-hye, which eventually led to her removal from office. Despite the large crowds and presence of thousands of riot police, the rallies remained peaceful.

Choi Ji-eun, who participated in the so-called "candlelight movement," says she never felt threatened by the police during those rallies.

Because of the history of protests "the government wouldn't dare use violence" against demonstrators now, said the 32-year old, who works for a research institute in Seoul. "I felt the crowd and riot police developed empathy for each other."

In June, the KNPA took further steps to right some of the wrongs of its past when it adopted what it calls a "human rights code of conduct" that the agency says is meant in part to honor its activist victims from decades ago and foster a better "understanding" between officers and civilians now.

"Protests in South Korea have become peaceful. There's a mutual respect between the demonstrators and police," said Kim Jin-hyung, a KNPA security and safety official.

Non-violent crowd control practices are something that South Korea's K-cops can teach overseas partners, too, says the agency's Yeo Tae-su.

"We haven't had any requests to provide riot police training, yet," Yeo said. "But we'd be happy to offer it to any other country."South Korea is home to some of the biggest and most passionately loved musicians in the world, from record-breaking girl band Blackpink to chart-smashing supergroup SuperM. But K-pop isn’t Asia’s sole sound. Its success has undoubtedly broken boundaries for the globally celebrated music coming out of the continent, but it is indeed that—a continent. The underground club scene in Beijing differs considerably to the hip-hop made in Manila, and there’s a wealth of exciting new ideas and sounds emerging from across the diaspora. Here are six artists of Asian heritage merging numerous influences to create some of the most innovative music on our playlists.

If there was ever an indication that you’re on the right path as a musician, opening for Taylor Swift as a 15-year-old is one of them. That’s what Indonesian songwriter/multi-instrumentalist/ producer NIKI achieved when Swift played Jakarta in 2014 and chose the then-teen as support.

Now 21 years old, her audience has grown exponentially. Like many Gen-Z artists, NIKI initially established herself by singing covers on YouTube, before crafting a unique R&B sound influenced largely by 1990s artists such as Boyz II Men and Aaliyah, who her mother would play around the house. Now signed to 88rising—a crew-cum-label that specialises in giving a platform to Asian and Asian-American artists—NIKI has built a loyal fanbase of more than a million Instagram followers and over 223,000 YouTube subscribers. Mindful of her social responsibility as an Asian artist, she’s using that platform for good, inspiring the next generation, particularly women, who are under-represented in the industry.

Only a few years back, 24-year-old Rome Gomez was in Manila, Philippines, weighing up whether to focus his days on design or music. When The 1975’s creative director Samuel Burgess-Johnson slid into his DMs about his artwork, Gomez used the chance to plug the music he was working on. A few weeks later, The 1975’s lead singer Matty Healy and the band’s record label, Dirty Hit, offered him a deal and a few months after that, he was living in London, writing songs with the band and reaping the rewards from Narcissist—a brilliantly produced, silky smooth collaboration that has racked up millions of plays, including more than 10m on YouTube alone to date. Since then, Gomez has expanded from pop to a more bold and experimental sound, which continues to set him apart as an emerging talent with a unique tone of voice.

Born in Watford to Chinese and Jamaican parents, Griff, 19, is clearly cut from a different cloth. Through her R&B-infused pop, she sings more about her relationship with herself than other people (a true Gen-Z creative) and as well as producing her own music and styling her own videos, she makes her own clothes, too.

She’s multicultural, multi-hyphenated and multi-talented. After keeping her talents quiet from her peers during school, she released her first project The Mirror Talk EP the same week she finished her A-levels, and in the 12 months since has been added to BBC Music’s Introducing playlist and hit 1.5m monthly streams. It’s tempting to lump Griff in with other ‘bedroom pop’ artists, but those four walls can’t confine this utterly unique teenager.

Iloilo City-born Bea Kristi, 20, is a product of her generation. She had already built 100k Instagram followers before officially releasing her debut single, Coffee, which is impressive in itself. Her brand of DIY homemade pop caught the eye of The 1975’s label, Dirty Hit, and she’s since rocketed to the 58th most-streamed artist in the world. That’s mostly thanks to Powfu’s sampling of Coffee, which blew up on TikTok, keeping it in the UK charts for 18 weeks and peaking at number four. All signs point to the fact we should expect big things from Kristi in the very near future.

When Brian Imanuel Soewarno started an account on short-form video platform Vine (RIP), he couldn’t speak a word of English. As a 15-year-old living in Indonesia, he began to watch countless videos on the platform, as well as listening to Childish Gambino and Tyler, the Creator to help teach himself the language. It not only taught Soewarno how to speak English, but he also developed a rich musical understanding that sent his debut Dat $tick viral and gold-certified.

Signed to 88rising, Rich Brian, like his contemporaries (he’s still only 20), has quickly amassed millions of followers, but his music sets him apart from the pack. Depending on the song, you can hear Frank Ocean-style melodies, Travis Scott-inspired ad-libs and the confidence and candidacy of Tyler, the Creator. No wonder such an artfully aggregated smorgasbord of styles has attracted so many fans.

One of the most exciting electronic artists to emerge in recent years, this Korean-American producer is singlehandedly reinvigorating the house scene. Born in New York, her family moved to Atlanta and then South Korea before Yaeji moved back to Brooklyn and began pursuing a music career. She’s maintained the influences of all cultures, shifting seamlessly to and from Korean and English over an ethereal blend of hip-hop, pop and house. It’s a unique style, exemplified on her remix of Drake’s Passionfruit, which attracted the attention of Charli XCX and Grimes, gained her a coveted spot on the Coachella line-up in 2018 and saw her rack up nearly 200k fans on Instagram.

How K-Pop took over the world in the 2010s

11 albums to get excited about in 2020

How Blackpink became the biggest K-pop girl band in the worldDId Jennie from Blackpink, Mark from Got7 or Itzy’s Lia ever need to find fame for money? Photo: InstagramK-pop stars who died way too young

The world of K-pop isn't always kind to its young stars. While appearing in a popular South Korean music group can rocket performers to celebrity status in Asia and beyond, the road to stardom is notoriously difficult, with aspiring performers signing their childhood and teenage years away to train with management groups in hopes of landing a coveted spot in a boy or girl group. Add the punishing body image standards and social media hate often heaped on young singers, and it's no wonder that K-pop is sometimes branded as a "toxic" environment for its stars.

From freak accidents to heartbreaking, self-inflicted deaths, many K-pop stars have tragically passed away before their time, with a string of suicides in 2019 drawing international attention to the well-being of the genre's biggest names. With several K-pop performers announcing hiatuses due to mental health concerns by the following year, perhaps things are changing in the once-merciless music community. In June 2020, Bang Si-hyuk, the founder of the internationally-beloved boy band BTS, announced his commitment to "do [his] best as a producer who manages the mental health of the participants rather than know-how or skills."

One thing is for sure: enough K-pop stars have sadly died for the industry to take notice. These are some of the most tragic losses of young talents in K-pop.

If you or anyone you know is having suicidal thoughts, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255) or text HOME to the Crisis Text Line at 741741.South Korean boyband BTS is scheduled to perform at a week-long event held by e-commerce platform Tokopedia called Waktu Indonesia Belanja (WIB), or Indonesia Shopping Time, on July 29 at 8 p.m.

The performance will be aired on local television channels SCTV and Indosiar and streamed on Tokopedia Play.

In addition to BTS, the event will also feature performances from NOAH, Weird Genius featuring Sara Fajira, Raisa, Syakir Daulay, Wali and Project Pop, among other talents.

WIB is taking place from July 25 to 31, offering promotions and discounts with the aim of helping consumers buy staple needs without having to go outside.

“The initiative is also in line with the #JagaEkonomiIndonesia [#MaintainIndonesiasEconomy] campaign as one of our ways to support the country’s economic recovery, which has been impacted by the pandemic, using technology,” Tokopedia corporate communications vice president Nuraini Razak said in a statement.

Debuted in 2013, BTS is managed by South Korean entertainment company Big Hit Entertainment. The group, which consists of V, Jungkook, Jimin, Suga, RM, J-Hope and Jin, has been a brand ambassador for Tokopedia since October 2019.

BTS is a worldwide music phenomenon. Its members delivered a speech at the United Nations in September 2018 and were named Next Generation Leaders by Time magazine in October 2018. The group released its latest album, Map of the Soul: 7, in February and broke the record for South Korea's most preordered album of all time, with more than 4 million copies sold. (wir/wng)A New Zealand-born K-pop star has smashed several Guinness World Records.

Roseanne "Rose" Park is a member of South Korean girl group Blackpink, whose new single How You Like That has earned 86.3 million views on YouTube in one day, writes the Daily Mail.

It's the most viewed video on YouTube in 24 hours, as well as the most viewed music video and the most viewed music video by a K-pop group.

South Korean boy band BTS previously held all three records with their single Boy With Luv, with American singer Halsey.

Ariana Grande's Thank U, Next and Taylor Swift's Look What You Made Me Do are also previous record holders.

Blackpink's latest single has been a massive hit since it was released last month.

It was top of the charts in iTunes in more than 60 countries and has over 200 million views on YouTube.

While the group is South Korean, Rose was born in New Zealand and grew up in Melbourne.

She was a high school student at Canterbury Girls' Secondary College when she aced a local audition for Korean entertainment agency YG Entertainment.

Rose then moved to Seoul, taking dancing, language and singing lessons for years before her debut with Blackpink in late 2016.

The group are working on releasing a new full-length album this year.TREASURE, YG Entertainment's first new K-pop group in four years since BLACKPINK's debut, will officially launch next month, the company announced Monday.



The 12-piece boy band, which includes four Japanese members, will make its debut on Aug. 7, according to YG. The company released a teaser video and a poster announcing the debut date.



TREASURE is YG Entertainment's first K-pop act following the company's successful female quartet BLACKPINK which debuted in 2016. The group is composed of the final survivors of idol show "YG Jewel Box" on cable network JTBC.



Despite having no discography to-date, TREASURE has attracted quite a following on the internet. The group has already amassed 1.23 million subscribers on its YouTube channel. 



The band has also reached No. 19 on Billboards Social 50 chart as of late, while the band's lead vocalist, Yedam, released a solo song last month.



YG representatives have expressed confidence of TREASURE making a successful debut next month.



"We've spent a record amount of money in producing the debut music video for TREASURE," a YG representative said. "We will continue to invest in the group so that it can create contents that can compete on the global stage," the representative added. (Yonhap)Most theaters in America may be closed, but one musical isn't letting the coronavirus pandemic stop it from getting prepared to put on a show.

"KPOP," a musical exploring the world of Korean pop, is conducting a video-based global casting call in hopes of being ready whenever live performances resume.

"We want to polish the jets so that it's ready to take off," said Jason Kim, the show's playwright. "We really hope as soon as possible to get into a room with all these people and see them in person."

Producers are looking for Korean, Korean-American and Asian-American men and women in their 20s. They "must be excellent singers with a strong, pop belt" and "dance at an advanced level." Familiarity with K-pop is, of course, a plus.

Claire Burke, a casting director at Tara Rubin Casting, said she and her team have a "very tall ask" — they're looking for performers who have all the energy and charisma of pop stars and also serious acting chops.

"It's about the shine and the performance and the dancing and the singing — that's huge. But people also need to be able to really tap into the emotion of it," she said.

Interested performers are being asked to send a video of themselves singing a pop or K-pop song and a clip of their dance moves. Submissions have so far come from the United States, South Korea, Britain, Canada, Japan and Kazakhstan, as well as other countries.

When "KPOP" returns, it will represent a rarity — a stage production with a nearly all-Asian cast. The last time New York saw anything quite like that was with "Allegiance," the 2015 Broadway musical based on George Takei's experiences in a Japanese internment camp during World War II.

"I strongly believe that the talent is out there and has been out there for a really long time," Kim said. "There is a lack of visibility. But I think a lot of the times we think that the lack of visibility is due to the lack of talent. And I don't think that that's true."

"KPOP," which had its premiere off-Broadway in 2017, follows three sets of aspiring performers — a boy band, a girl band and a solo female artist — as they try to charm their way into the American music market.

Time Out described the show as "delightful," while Vulture called it a "delicious spectacle." The Hollywood Reporter said it was "ambitious" and "wildly entertaining."

The original was an immersive experience, with the audience following different performers from room to room. Kim is rewriting it for a more traditional proscenium stage and songwriter Helen Park is adding new songs.

The show is evolving just as K-pop is. In the years since it premiered, Americans have learned more about the genre, with BTS, EXO and BLACKPINK leading the charge. They've also seen it flex its organizational muscles, as K-pop fans online weigh in on everything from Black Lives Matter to Donald Trump.

"What we really tried to do was look at the landscape," Kim said. "And the show has to in a way answer to that and have a conversation with how the world is perceiving K-pop."

Kim has been helping the casting professionals sift through hundreds of submissions for a dozen as-yet-unfilled roles.

Candidates who impress the team are sent material from the show for them to tape and submit. A Zoom audition with the creative team is the next step. And then, if finally through, a message that they'll see everyone at rehearsals. Whenever that is.

Burke and her team have had to adjust from a controlled environment in the casting room to the online process. While taped auditions and virtual casting has been part of the show business process for years, casting an entire stage show online hasn't been done to this extent.

"I would say this is the largest virtual casting call we've ever had," she said. "It's a little bit of a process to develop an eye for tapes versus what you see in the audition room."

Her team is making allowances for the pandemic. The usual process has hopefuls in a room together learning choreography at the same time. It also has a trained actor as an audition reader and an accompanist who knows the music. All that is out the window.

Instead, the "KPOP" team has to deal with poor home microphones, sketchy lighting and the possibility that the candidate's mother or sister is prompting dialogue and holding the smartphone to record.

"I don't want to say forgiving, but I am definitely more mindful that everyone has a very different situation when they are taping themselves and submitting a video," Burke said.

Burke said the most exciting thing about her job is when she finds people who may never have thought about musical theater as a career.

"I get to see these talented people who I never would have seen necessarily in a typical musical theater audition setting," she said.The Trump rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on 20 June was underwhelming. The Bank of Oklahoma Center wasn't even half full. According to The New York Times, fire marshalls reported only 6,200 attendees’ tickets were scanned. How was it possible that so few turned up when more than a million tickets had been requested?

We now know it was the work of huge but underestimated segments of US internet subculture: TikTokers and K-pop ‘stans’. The first are users of TikTok, an app where one-minute videos can be shared; the second are fans of Korean pop music, which has dominated Western music charts since the early 2010s. They torpedoed Trump’s rally by sharing how to register for free tickets and encouraging people to not attend.

This is the ‘Gen Z’ way of making a difference. Many young Americans feel unheard. Without a vote and so with little choice over who their president is, they found a subversive way of getting their voices heard. The young people of today know how to use social media platforms to get the most exposure and are skilled in turning algorithms to their own benefit.

K-pop stans are known for their dedication, large numbers and strategic mindset. Fans spend hours streaming YouTube videos or voting using multiple different apps and websites to promote their favourite groups. Some K-pop stans have created fan accounts with hundreds of thousands of followers. Accounts like these made it easy to spread information about the Trump rally.

It’s not the first time they have used their extensive online know-how to help non-K-pop causes, such as the Black Lives Matter movement. K-pop fans have drowned out racist posts under #WhitelivesMatter, #Bluelivesmatter, and #Alllivesmatter hashtags with videos of K-pop idols. They have also held off using their K-pop-related hashtags to ensure that #Blacklivesmatter and other hashtags they think important trend on Twitter.

Fans are influenced by groups and the messages they send out. K-pop groups encourage charity and activism: BTS, one of the biggest groups on the planet, donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter; their fanbase, which calls itself ‘ARMY’, set up a charity called ‘One In An ARMY’ and helped to raise an additional $1 million for the cause.

K-pop has been around since the 1990s but only reached Western audiences in the 2000s. It has wide fanbases across the world: outside South Korea itself, most live in Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, the US, Japan, Philippines, Brazil and Mexico. Many are socially and politically progressive, as we can see from their powerful actions to help the BLM movement and against Trump. Unfortunately, the K-pop industry, which trains its idols and controls their careers strictly, does not support these values. Companies insist idols remain apolitical.

K-pop stans need to come together to try to change the darkest parts of the industry. Most K-pop fans tend to be knowledgeable about its problems but haven't done enough to effect positive change.

One major problem is how idols are viewed and treated, and how this might influence their fans. Korean beauty standards are extremely demanding and often unattainable for the majority of the public. Ex-trainees and retired idols have spoken up about plastic surgery in the industry. They have said that many are encouraged to have plastic surgery to ‘fix’ any features that are below the beauty standard before their debut.

Popular surgeries include blepharoplasty, more commonly known as double eyelid surgery, as well as rhinoplasty, jawline surgery, and botox. Trainees and K-pop idols are also required to be under a certain weight, typically below 50 kilograms for women, and are usually kept on strict diets. Idols who are not seen as skinny are often fat-shamed, which has led to mental health issues. Equally, idols who are too skinny have received hate mail from fans and trolls.

Pale skin is considered to be most beautiful and many Koreans use skin-bleaching products. Photos of K-pop idols have been ‘whitewashed’ to make their skin tone appear paler before they are released. There is prejudice against darker complexions such as those of southern Asians. Only one Indonesian has debuted in a K-pop girl group, for instance, and the first-ever Indonesian K-pop idol, Dita, has debuted recently this year. Chinese K-pop idols are often paid less or mistreated by companies, partly because some Koreans look down on Asians from developing countries. Some south-east Asians succeed, mainly from Thailand, but agencies prefer Koreans and Japanese talent.

These beauty standards also feed racist attitudes. Many K-pop fans feel that K-pop should be strictly for Asians. The first-ever white idol, Lana, from Russia, has been well received by Korean audiences but, by contrast, Alex Reid, the first non-Asian star to debut and the first African-American, received a lot of hate.

Then there is the issue of exploitation. K-pop idols train with a company before they have the chance to debut in a group or have their solo single released. To join, they need to sign what is often described as a ‘slave contract’. These contracts often last up to seven years. Companies invest in training, with the expectation of a profitable return. This accumulation of training debt, which must be paid back when K-pop idols debut or if they leave before their contract has ended, means that many make very little financial gain. Monthly evaluations and weigh-ins can result in contracts being summarily terminated, increasing the vulnerability of trainees.

In addition, companies impose dating bans and often restrict the use of social media, further isolating young trainees from normal life. Underage idols have been heavily sexualised, which has caused much controversy. Younger idols also need to balance school and the idol lifestyle.

This combination of deeply exploitative contracts, lack of financial reward, strenuous performance schedules, bullying, adherence to unrealistic beauty standards and enforced isolation has unfortunately led to many suicides of K-pop idols.

K-pop fans, who have clearly demonstrated the ability and know-how to affect change for a cause they believe in, need to push the K-pop industry for better conditions for idols and trainees. They stood up against Trump, they stood against racism, they stand against hate. Now it’s time to stand up for what they love.As most theatres in the world are currently closed, one musical is not letting COVID-19 get in the way of their preparation to hit the ground running when live theatre resumes.

KPOP the musical had its world premiere at Ars Nova in New York city on September 5, 2017. The musical’s book is written by Jason Kim and the production was directed by Teddy Bergman and choreographed by Jennifer Weber.

KPOP, a musical exploring the world of Korean pop, is conducting a video-based global casting call in hopes of being ready whenever live performances resume.

“We want to polish the jets so that it’s ready to take off,” said playwright Jason Kim.

It’s about the shine and the performance and the dancing and the singing – that’s huge. But people also need to be able to really tap into the emotion of it.

KPOP follows three sets of aspiring performers as they try to charm their way into the American music market. The original was an immersive experience, with the audience following performers from room to room. Kim is rewriting it for a more traditional theatre setting, and songwriter Helen Park is adding new songs.

The productions website says “We are searching the world for talented performers for an exhilarating new Broadway show that takes a fictional look inside the KPOP universe”

Online audition submissions are now open on their official website.These K-Pop groups reigned supreme during the early 2000s, and if they are to make a comeback in this time, it would be legendary.

The early 2000s were defined by slide phones, scene hair, and frosted lip gloss. It was also the era when some of the most iconic K-Pop groups conquered the charts, and we wouldn’t mind having them back!

The start of the 21st Century signified simpler times when the millennials of today were little kids just going to school, hanging out with friends, and listening to great music on their mp3 players.

In this list, we present you with a nostalgic walk down memory lane, as we shine the spotlight on 6 of the most legendary K-Pop acts that were the soundtracks to our early 2000s. You ready for this brilliant blast from the past?

Who could ever forget one of the fiercest girl groups that ever walked the planet? Composed of Dara, CL, Minzy, and Bom, this formidable quartet was pretty as a picture, yet tough as nails. Their strong aesthetic and spectacular music was the epitome of girl empowerment times ten! 2NE1 brought the fire and we would love to see them set the music scene ablaze again.

Min, Meng Jia, Bae Suzy, and Wang Feifei made headlines with their debut in 2010. With sensational tracks like “Bad Girl Good Girl”, “I Don’t Need A Man”, “Love Again”, and “Step Up”, Miss A was one for the books. Raise your hand if you’d love to see these gorgeous girls show off their moves on stage once more!

SS501 debuted in the music industry in 2005. The handsome quintet was everything that you’d look for in a boyband; they had melodic vocals, showstopping dance moves, and exceptional visual power. Kim Hyun Joong, Park Jung Min, Heo Young Saeng, Kim Hyung Jun, and Kim Kyu Jong were a combination of explosive talent and were undeniably one of the trailblazers of the early 2000s. Looking back, we really miss their anime-inspired hairstyles and cool biker gloves.

This trio could easily be described as the trifecta of talent. Debuted in 2007, Kim Joon, Shin Min Chul, and Park Yun Hwa were soon joined by Park Han Bi and Joo Chan Yang. Charming their way into people’s hearts with hits, such as “Paradise”, “Something Happened to My Heart”, “Wish Ur My Love”, “Born to the MAX”, and “Believe”, T-Max has solidified their status as music mavens. We can already imagine their screaming fans if they ever decide to make a comeback.

2007 marked the year that Wonder Girls broke the music scene with their quirky tracks and hypnotic dance moves. The choreography to their massive hit, “Tell Me”, shattered barriers and made its way to fans all over the globe. There probably wasn’t a person on the planet who didn’t know the iconic steps to their viral song. Followed up by “Nobody”, “Sweet and Easy”, and “Wishing On a Star”, the Wonder Girls have proven that they live up to their name. If ever HyunA, Sunmi, Sohee, Hyelim, Yubin, Sunye, and Park Ye Eun would reunite as a band, we’d be ready with the matching dance moves.

Yoon Bora, Hyolyn, Kim Da Som, and Soyou were at the top of their game with phenomenal songs like, “I Swear”, “Loving U”, and “So Cool”. The group of four fabulous females took the entertainment industry by storm, and we wouldn’t mind seeing that phenomena again!
• Minzy Opens Up About Her Friendship With 2NE1 And Stars She Looks Up ToYesterday, K-Pop boy group ATEEZ, who debuted in late 2018 under KQ Entertainment, received backlash online after releasing a concept photo from their upcoming mini album, ZERO: FEVER Part.1. The photo in question, posted to the group's social channels at midnight KST on July 14, showed group leader Hongjoong sporting neon blue cornrows. Less than a day after the original post, KQ Entertainment has released a statement addressing concerns from fans and apologizing for the inclusion of the hairstyle, which fans pointed out was a clear example of cultural appropriation.

In the statement, released on ATEEZ's Daum Fanclub in both Korean and English, KQ Entertainment wrote that, "Hongjoong’s hair in the Title #2 image was styled in consideration of the concept of the song, without any other particular purposes. Therefore, ATEEZ and we, KQ Entertainment, did not have any intention of commercializing or depreciating other cultures at all."

"Through the issues and the opinions from our fans, we have become fully aware of the concerns and seriousness of this issue," the company continued. "From now on, we, KQ Entertainment, will try our best to fully review and check the historical backgrounds, characteristics, and the cultures in the production process. We will not create issues that were not intended or expected."

Cornrows are a style of flat braiding originated and used by Black people; its origins date back hundreds of years, since pre-colonization Africa. This protective style — called such as it helps protect Black hair from the sun and heat as well as ease daily management — isn’t just one that’s been appropriated by Korean idols and hip-hop artists. The braided style has also been appropriated by celebrities in the U.S. such as Kim Kardashian (multiple times) and her sister Kylie Jenner, Justin Timberlake, and countless "pop princesses."

KQ Entertainment’s statement assures that, mainly thanks to the fans using their voices, Hongjoong’s cornrows will not make an appearance when ATEEZ participates in any upcoming promotions for the album (such as virtual fan signs or broadcasted music show performances).

While KQ Entertainment states that they did not have any intention of “commercializing” other cultures with the hairstyle choice, images of Hongjoong donning the cornrows will remain present in parts of already completed promotional material (such as the concept photos included in the album’s booklet and photo cards that fans are expected to get at the end of the month, as well as the upcoming main music video release). As a result, fans essentially will be paying for material that shows Hongjoong with cornrows, whether or not KQ Entertainment intended to commercialize this aspect of Black culture.Dubai: South Korean singer Lee Sun-mi, also known as Sunmi, is facing social media backlash after Indian tweeps pointed out that she was mocking Indian culture and dance gestures, in a TikTok video this week. After the strong reaction, Sunmi took to Twitter to issue an apology.

The singer was seen dancing with the two other women in the viral TikTok video. And Twitter users said their hand gestures and head movements seem to be mocking an Indian dance form.

Tweep @sairkive posted: “Hey Sunmi, this sound on TikTok is used in an offending manner towards Indians. Where the hand gestures and head bobs are a mockery of Indian classical dances. Please delete this! Thank you.”

Indians were not the only ones to react, @TheGirl62 tweeted: “I’m not even Indian but this obviously looked very wrong and offensive. Who sees this and does not get offended by how they’re mocking the dance?”

Indians tweeps who dismissed the video, as not being offensive were also schooled for normalising such attitude.

Tweep @palettehyyh posted: “Indians in the comments saying ‘it’s okay’ - it’s not. When you live outside India, people use these songs to mock Indian culture, and Indian people. We get degraded into curry eaters and funny hand movements. Please understand that even if it was a joke, there was no reason.”

However, Sunmi later apologised to her fans. She took to Twitter and wrote, “There is no reason or intention for me to mock the culture of other countries. It’s because of my ignorance of the culture.”

“I apologise for being ignorant about the culture of other countries. And I’d like to say that I am truly sorry to those who have been hurt by my ignorance,” she added.
• BTS fans took to social media to express their disappointment with an upcoming Time Magazine special edition bookazine after the product's description appeared online.
• A line that appears to have been removed from the description stated that Western boy bands like The Backstreet Boys and *NSYNC had "paved the way" for BTS.
• A representative for the Meredith Corporation, which is publishing the special edition bookazine, confirmed to Insider that the description page had been updated, saying that it "previously featured language that was not meant to be the final description."
• BTS' fans, called ARMY, have a long history of defending the group from Western media coverage they perceive as unfair.

BTS fans, called ARMY, are expressing frustration on social media with an upcoming Time Magazine collector's edition focused on the Korean group. The product, which is listed on Amazon as "TIME BTS: The K-pop Band that Conquered the World," is set for release on July 31. Ahead of its launch, however, ARMY are taking to social media to express their frustrations with the blurb for the upcoming edition as well as its cover.

The description for the special edition on Amazon begins with a question: "How did seven guys from South Korea become a global pop sensation?" It goes on to outline the various ephemera available inside, including fan art, an interview with the group, photographs, and original art.

Discourse largely erupted on Twitter after journalist and YouTuber Brian Patrick Byrne tweeted that Time had confirmed to him that an image of the cover would appear on a "special edition bookazine" scheduled for release on the 31st. Time later tweeted, directly addressing BTS fans and saying that the product was an "authentic special edition bookazine in partnership with the publisher Meredith."

Much of the criticism arose from what appears to have been a modified product description on Amazon. Screenshots circulated on Twitter on Wednesday of a product description that included a line that states the edition will include a "boy band hall of fame, including The Backstreet Boys and *NSYNC, who paved the way for BTS and have topped the charts over the years." Bryne noted that the description had been updated on Twitter.

A spokesperson for the Meredith Corporation, which is publishing the bookazine, confirmed that the description on the product page had been updated, saying, "The page previously featured language that was not meant to be the final description from TIME and the publisher, Meredith Corporation."

As Koreaboo reported, the edition had been the object of discussion hours before after Twitter user @blackxagustd tweeted a screenshot of the special edition listed on Korean retailer Aladin. What started as mostly gentle ribbing over the image transformed into discourse after the special edition's description began to circulate. Many argued that the notion that Western boy bands like *NYSNC and The Backstreet Boys had "paved the way" for BTS was problematic because it seemingly attributed BTS' success to American boy band predecessors.

Fans also raised concerns that one of the members of the group, Jimin, had been misidentified in what appeared to be a screenshot from the bookazine.

When asked to confirm whether or not the photo, which does not currently appear in the Amazon preview, was part of the bookazine, a Meredith Corporation spokesperson provided the following statement: "The caption that misidentifies Jimin was issued by an external photo agency, and was not caught during our (Meredith) fact checking process. We apologize for this error and a correction will be issued in the digital file for all future issues and for Print on Demand issues."

This is far from the first time that ARMYs have expressed their disapproval with Western media coverage. In Oct. 2019, the fandom blasted The Hollywood Reporter's cover story about the group on social media, criticizing writer Seth Abramovitch for saying in the article that he was"a little fuzzy on some of the finer points of BTS history" as well as classifying Korean words like maknae, a term that signifies the youngest of a group, as a "K-pop term."

The criticisms go past mob mentality, however: BTS has been slighted in Western media coverage in denigrating and racist ways in the past, with one extreme example being an Australian news station airing a racist segment about the group that dismissed the group's skill and global influence. Others take issue with covering BTS like the group is a mysterious new phenomenon, as well as language in the special edition like "The BTS Invasion".
• 9 of the best moments from BTS' energetic and intimate virtual concert 'Bang Bang Con: The Live'
• BTS stans matched the K-pop group's $1 million Black Lives Matter donation in one day through the #MatchAMillion campaign
• BTS fans are celebrating what would have been the first day of the group's postponed 'Map of the Soul' tour by posting covers, concert videos, and art
• K-pop stans have been heralded as digital heroes for fighting racists online, but Black fans are still getting left out of the conversationTikTok Pte Ltd, the publisher of the app, was fined $154,320 for collecting personal information of children under 14 years of age without consent from guardians

Some K-pop stars’ accounts have been blocked from view on TikTok’s China version Douyin, Reuters’ checks showed on Friday, days after South Korea’s media regulator slapped fines on the short-video app for data privacy non-compliance.

The reasons for the blocks were unknown, but the move also comes after remarks by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo that the United States is “certainly looking at” banning Chinese social media apps, including TikTok.

South Korea’s communications regulator on Wednesday fined TikTok Pte Ltd, the publisher of the app, 186 million won ($154,320) for collecting personal information of children under 14 years of age without consent from guardians and failing to disclose or notify when sending personal information overseas.

TikTok was required to submit voluntary preventative measures within 30 days, and the regulator planned to continue discussions with TikTok on information security issues, an official with the Korea Communications Commission said.

Accounts of K-Pop stars such as Rain, TWICE, Mamamoo and HyunA were blocked from view on Douyin as of Friday.

Douyin and TikTok operated independently and the accounts were working normally on TikTok, a TikTok spokeswoman said.

Representatives for Douyin did not immediately respond to a request for comment. TikTok and Douyin are both owned by Chinese company ByteDance.

The K-pop stars’ management agencies did not comment.

China accumulated 196.6 million downloads of Douyin as of the first quarter of 2020, or 9.7 percent of more than 2 billion TikTok downloads in total, according to data from industry site Sensor Tower.

K-Pop concerts, tourism, and South Korean businesses were hit hard by a Chinese boycott in 2017 after Seoul deployed a US-made missile defence system despite Beijing’s objections.

Hopes of a thaw in relations grew earlier this year amid plans for a possible visit to Seoul by Chinese President Xi Jinping.Black Clover came back from its hiatus in a big way earlier this year. The show has kept busy since by exploring a new training arc that fans say is going well despite its filler content. Now, it seems Black Clover is preparing a new theme song for fans, and the track will be handled by a K-pop group that shares the same agency as BTS.

The announcement came from the official Black Clover page on Twitter. It was there a video was uploaded of the group TXT (or Tomorrow x Together) as the group confirmed they were performing the show's new theme song.

It turns out the song will be titled "Everlasting Shine" and stand as the 12th theme song for Black Clover. This marks the first time TXT has done an anime theme song, but the group has released Japanese singles in the past. The K-pop group made their Japanese debut in January with the song "Magic Hour" that was received well overseas.

Currently, TXT is slated to release more music in Japan this August with the single "Drama". Their song for Black Clover will be their first original Japanese single, so fans are looking forward to hearing the track.

At this point, there is no word on when the song will go live, but fans expected Black Clover to unveil the single in a week or so. The anime put out an episode earlier this week dedicated to all things Noelle, and the entry sat well with fans. Now, audiences are eager to see how this TXT track will set up Black Clover's training arc and all its future stories.

What do you think about this upcoming theme song? Are you excited for the new opening? Let me know in the comments or hit me up on Twitter @MeganPetersCB to talk all things comics and anime!The re-branded girl group will feature new Senegalese and Brazilian-Japanese members, despite previous controversies with former African-American member Alexandra Reid.

BP RaNia has had a rocky career since its debut in 2011, initially known just as RaNia.

Beginning as an eight-member group, they experienced various line-up changes. The biggest change came in 2015 when African-American rapper Alex Reid was announced as a member, establishing herself as the first-ever black K-pop idol.

The group was subsequently renamed BP RaNia, acronym for ‘Black Pearl’, speculated to be in reference to Alexandra’s darker skin tone. It is also believed that the addition of a black K-pop idol was used to generate conversation of the unsuccessful group.

Her introduction was met with positive reactions from the Korean public, given the interest and influence of American hip hop music on K-pop.

However, during Alexandra’s two-year promotions with the girl group, she did not participate fully in music show performances because she was not in Korea to learn the choreography and left the stage once her parts were done.
• Fans go frenzy over 'Cardiboks' - can you still buy Cardi B's Reebok trainers?

Fast forward to 2020, the group’s company, DR Music are once again re-branding the group under the name B.S (Black Swan), with Senegalese model, Fatou.

Alongside Fatou, there will be Brazillian Japanese member, Leia, though she was already in the final line up of BP RaNia.

The model officially introduced herself on the groups Instagram:

The future for the group

K-pop fans are already sceptical of the re-brand, feeling bad for the new and old members who will be managed by the controversial company, especially for Fatou. It is definitely not out of the question that she will be treated the same as Alex Reid.

While it is great to see K-pop becoming more open to other ethnicities, hopefully they will be treated the same as their East Asian counterparts.

Keep on the lookout for their official debut!

In other news, Who is Pookie Loc? Meme and Jeezy Gucci Mane beef explainedTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.K-pop is everything these days.

If you’re a music fan and have not heard of the genre, we suggest that you please masuk further under that gigantic rock that you’ve been sitting under.

Anywho, Korean bands, specifically South Korean bands known for their catchy songs, synchronised dance moves and crazy attractive members, have taken over the world. 

 

 

 Most recently, a new K-pop group called Weeekly released a music video for their album’s title track called "Tag Me (@Me)", and the video got over four million views in the first 24 hours.

(Three days later, the views have risen to over 6.7 million and counting).

Both composers of the song were Malaysians!

 



The two are crazy talented duoandSpeaking to Rojak Daily, Tysha said that the response to the song was simply unbelievable.“It’s crazy,” said Tysha repeatedly.She said that it was also extremely exciting for their song to be picked by the K-pop label, as many international composers had submitted their compositions as well.

“It’s like an audition. How it works with the K-pop labels is that they would ask a few producers and songwriters from all over the world to submit their work and they would listen to it and decide which one they wanted.”

“So then, I think we were up against Sweedish producers and the others. I mean, Sweedish songwriters and producers are insanely talented, so the fact that they chose our songs over other international producers and songwriters, that’s just crazy,” Tysha laughed.



Tysha, who has been writing songs with Audi since she was 18, said that the experience is like no other.

“I love working with him because he’s the type that wants his songwriters and the people that he works with to get the melody down within 24 hours," she said adding that it eventually took them 3 days to finalise everything.

 

 (FYI everyone, Audi is an industry legend who has worked with a host of Malaysian singers including Datuk Siti Nurhaliza, Faizal Tahir, Jaclyn Victor, Vince Chong, OAG and many many more.)

 

 Explaining further about the process, Tysha said that when putting together the song, they had to come up with lyrics, a hook and a title.

“Usually the label or group will decide if they want to keep it or not. For 'Tag Me', there were quite a number of words that they actually kept,” she exclaimed.



 

 While "Tag Me" continues to rise in popularity, it is actually the second song that the duo have composed for a K-pop band.

She said that the first song was called "Home", performed by Yezi, which was released on 5 March this year.

 

 

 “I feel like it’s been an amazing year for me and Audi. In fact, for me it’s like a dream come true to write for K-pop singers 'cos I’ve been listening to K-pop songs since I was in high school!”

"Just talking about it I feel like crying right now. I’m so overwhelmed! OMG!" she said excitedly.

Thankful for all the support

Also a singer herself, Tysha said that the love and words of encouragement by Malaysians have been amazing.

“I didn’t expect how a lot of people actually noticed the fact that the songwriters are Malaysians.”

“I’ve been receiving a lot of comments from them saying that they’re so proud of us and how proud they feel that we’re able to write for K-pop singers so I want to thank everyone who has been saying a lot of all this nice stuff on social media,” she said.

 

 

 As for those planning on careers as composers, Tysha’s main advice is to never give up.

“I started when I was 18, but at one point, I felt like music didn’t really love me back in a way. I did give up but I realised that no matter what, music is what I always fall back on to."

“I guess the best advise to songwriters out there is to just keep writing, no matter the outcome, just keep writing,” she said.

For those of you who loved "Tag Me", Tysha revealed that Audi and her have a few more songs that could possibly be released soon.

All the best Tysha and Audi! First Malaysia, then K-pop, then the world!Celebrities from across the world have been called out for cultural appropriation and hurting the sentiments of their fans from other ethnic groups. The latest celebrity to join the list is South Korean singer Lee Sun-mi, known by her stage name, Sunmi.

The K-Pop singer shared a TikTok video of her and two dancers bobbing their heads and making hand gestures to a popular Indian song.

While Sunmi herself just giggled and laughed, the background dancers are being called out for rolling their eyes and bobbing their heads in, for a lack of a better word, Apu fashion. Many fans on Twitter stood up for the singer and defended her, saying that the dancers were at fault, but the fact that this video was shared on social media is enough proof that it was considered appropriate.

Though some did come to the singer's defence, saying it's just another song. Others pointed out, that in this day and age of the internet, understanding and remaining appropriate towards other cultures isn't very hard. The singer could have researched a bit before jumping onto a TikTok trend. Soon after the incident blew up on Twitter, Sunmi posted an official apology acknowledging her ignorance.

Even the background dancers in the video have shared their apologies pertaining to the incident.

Seeing the apology, fans appreciated Sunmi's effort but also encouraged her to educate herself and those around her about cultures. There is a thin line between enjoying other cultures, appreciating them and then making a mockery out of them, maybe it is time we start defining those lines better.On the 19th (KST), K-pop star, Sunmi, uploaded herself wearing DAMWON Gaming’s jersey marked with Heo “ShowMaker” Su’s nickname on her Instagram. According to an official from DAMWON Gaming, they gifted the jersey as they heard that Sunmi is a DAMWON Gaming fan, especially a fan of ShowMaker. Currently, Sunmi is active with her new song, pporappippam.

DAMWON Gaming is having a good run in the 2020 League of Legends Champions Korea Summer Split with an 8-2 (+14) record in second place.Vevo is officially putting their platform behind K-pop with the world’s largest all-premium music-video provider selecting one of the scene’s most promising boy bands for their emerging-artist program.

AB6IX has been named the first-ever K-pop act to join Vevo DSCVR, the development platform for new artists that has featured the likes of Billie Eilish, Sam Smith, Halsey and more. The partnership kicks off with an exclusive performance video of the boy band’s new track “Surreal,” a standout cut from their Vivid EP that dropped last month.

Shot remotely from a studio in their native South Korea, AB6IX bring the emotion of their synth-pop track (which member Donghyun told me was his favorite track off Vivid in our interview earlier this month) in the artistically shot visual.

For Vevo’s side, linking up with AB6IX was an easy choice after learning about the young group’s commitment to self-producing and writing their material.

“Since 2019, AB6IX has been regarded as one of the power ‘rookie’ K-pop acts,” says JP Evangelista, SVP of Content, Programming and Marketing at Vevo. “Understanding that they have become a stand-out within the genre through songwriting and composing much of their music, they were a clear choice for the type of artist we look to highlight in our DSCVR program year after year.”

Linking up with AB6IX marks a larger commitment for Vevo in the K-pop space, one that Evangelista will promise to “continue to amplify voices within the community and the genre with additional content, curation and social support.”

“DSCVR has always been a cornerstone of our original programming with the objective of elevating emerging artists of all genres,” he adds. “Supporting artists from around the world is a priority for Vevo, and our partnership with AB6IX to create Vevo’s first piece of original content from a K-pop band is a significant step in our continued effort to promote global up-and-coming artists. The timing aligned perfectly with AB6IX’s new album as we wanted to provide more content for their fan base to connect with. We hope our ‘Surreal’ video resonates with their core fans and beyond.”FRIDAY JULY 17TH: The album has dropped to 13 on iTunes. A raft of new releases that people actually want to hear have taken over. Better luck next time, BTS!

KPop boyband BTS has released an all-Japanese album, a version of the CD they released in February. And it went straight to number…2 on iTunes. Not number 1.

The “Hamilton” soundtrack has kept BTS fans from succeeding at their gaming of the iTunes chart. When a new BTS album comes out, the fans buy it and buy it to push it up the charts. They do it with singles tracks, too.

The new album is sung entirely in Japanese. Do you really think American teens have swooped it up, and for purchase? If you, then like the Vapors, you’re turning Japanese, I really think so.

Let’s get back to reality. The English version of this album has sold only 273,000 copies in the US since its release. Another 250K comes from streaming. That’s not nearly as much as any other hit act. But BTS seems big, usually for a week or less.

And notice, they didn’t go head to head with Friday’s new releases. They launched mid week. By Friday, the big surge will be over, unless it turns out that Japanese language market in the US is bigger than we thought. In that case, Clint Eastwood should try again with “Letters from Iwo Jima.”
• BTS is a seven-member K-pop group that has become a global sensation.
• They were originally discovered in 2010 and released their first album in 2013.
• BTS fans call themselves A.R.M.Y., which stands for "Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth."
• From their thoughtful lyrics to fans' digital activism, Insider chronicled BTS's meteoric rise with insight from K-pop and music industry experts.

BTS might be the most popular boy group the world has ever seen.

With record-setting views for their YouTube music videos and album purchases along with their money-making star power — the group brought in $130 million in 2019 sales from merchandising alone, according to The Hollywood Reporter — the seven-member K-pop group has become a worldwide sensation.

Insider took a look at BTS's meteoric rise to stardom and how the members have transformed the music industry with insight from K-pop and music industry experts as well as a recently published Harvard Business School case study that analyzed the band's success.Meredith has affiliate partnerships. These do not influence editorial content, though Meredith may earn commissions for products purchased via affiliate links.

The dorm is smaller than my room at home, but there are two sets of bunk beds plus one other bed, and no windows. It looks like a very girly bomb has gone off, scattering mounds of tops and panties and makeup and skincare products all over. Amid the piles of debris are three of the most gorgeous creatures I’ve ever seen. They jump to attention and bow to greet Manager Kong.

The girl in the far corner, who looks kind of like a cartoon character, flashes me a twinkly smile. She’s wearing heavy eyeliner and has two bushy pigtails streaked with pink and blue that look like they’re straight out of anime. A girl who’s rocking black lipstick and a black trucker hat that inexplicably says powder pup lifts her chin at me; she has the one non-bunk bed. And the most stunning girl of all, whose long cascading locks of hair have been dyed a delicate strawberry blond, barely even looks at me as she mumbles, “Ahnyung.”

“That’s your bed right there,” says Powder Pup, pointing to the bunk above Strawberry-Blond Princess. I would never have known the bunk was free, since it’s piled with junk. I bow to Powder Pup. It’s weird bowing to girls who are only a little older than me. At home, I only use formal language with Koreans my parents’ age, and even then, they let you get away with not-totally-perfect manners. But Umma and Abba warned me that in a K-pop company, I should always use honorifics and address older female trainees as unnie. No one’s going to cut me slack on manners for being foreign. I step onto the bunk bed ladder and carefully clear a spot on my mattress to put down my guitar. I peek down at Strawberry-Blond Princess.

Still no response. Next to Strawberry-Blond Princess’s bed, I spot all seven Harry Potter books, plus Daring Greatly by Brené Brown and The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up by Marie Kondo. I perk up. This must be the girl from America. She looks like she’d ignore me in the hallways if we went to the same school, but I can’t say how relieved I am that I’m rooming with someone I can speak English with. The fact that she likes wizards and self-help books is icing on the cake. I point to the Tidying Up book.

Just then, another girl emerges from the bathroom, her face glistening. This must be Aram. She says, “So when’s the new Westerner getting here?” Binna catches Aram’s eye, and she realizes, startled, that I’m right here. I immediately go into a deep bow, and when I come up, I get my first direct look at her face. My mouth falls open. This is, hands down, the most stunning girl I’ve ever seen in my life.

About two seconds earlier, I would have said that about Helena, but Aram is from-another-universe beautiful. If Helena would be the prettiest girl in any high school, this girl is a fairy-tale queen, Maleficent’s fairer, younger Asian rival. With her sharp cheekbones, marble skin, and electric-blue Circle Lenses, it’s impossible to guess how old she is — she could be anywhere from sixteen to thirty.

Aram sizes me up from head to toe with her Siberian-husky eyes. She lets out a snort as if to say, Oh, so I had nothing to worry about and turns away without a word, her silky jet-black hair swishing in the air. Suddenly, I want to curl up in a ball and call Umma to come pick me up.In the lead-up to his campaign rally at Tulsa, Oklahoma, US President Donald Trump claimed that a million people sought tickets for his superevent. Filling a 19,000-seater stadium in the middle of a pandemic, in a city whose history is steeped in violence against Black people, seemed unsound, to put it mildly. But this is America in 2020.

Normally, I’d get wind of such things via my daily news monitoring. But Trump’s event reached me from an odd place: stan (noun: superfan) Twitter. I was scrolling through pictures and memes of global superband BTS (surprise, surprise: I’m an ARMY!) and saw US fans tweeting registration links for tickets to the Tulsa rally.

“Hey guys, there are many people that respect us for what we have done but they need our help again,” one fan had tweeted. “Trump is going to do an event and the tickets are free. Let’s get all the tickets.”

By that, he meant the way K-pop stans were relentlessly tanking right-wing hashtags and police apps tracking protesters from the #BlackLivesMatter movement with fancams and edits of their favorite idols. Here in the Philippines, stans also successfully hijacked hashtags expressing support for the controversial anti-terror bill and ABS-CBN’s closure. These virtual shock-and-awe tactics captivated the world, and even more so after the embarrassment in Tulsa. Who knew K-pop fans were this hyperorganized and this progressive? But for the people paying attention (me), these displays of collective strength and progressiveness may be inherent in a subculture that, at the onset, requires commitment and will to learn or educate others about other cultures.

It’s not that liking K-pop is by itself radicalizing. But it’s also not uncommon to see fans realize that the more they learn about their idols or about Korean culture, the more they come to terms with their own unchecked racial biases—“K-pop is just a seedy industry that overworks its trainees to suicide!” “How can you like music in a foreign language?”—or prejudices against heteronormativity, for example.

Like other fandoms, the BTS ARMY is propped up by a community of translators, artists, writers, even meme creators. They often translate and reproduce the band’s content not only to make them more accessible for the other fans, but also properly contextualized, especially since BTS’ works are often referential.

When the band’s songwriter and producer Min Yoongi dropped his second mixtape last May, the fandom translated the lyrics and also explained the historical nuances referenced in the words and music videos. I like to think such efforts make the fans more critical consumers of content.

Much of Korean pop music also owes itself to Black culture: hiphop, R&B, and rap. So while K-pop remains mostly apolitical, it was inevitable for artists like BTS, Lee Chae-rin (CL) of 2NE1, Ateez, and Monsta X to express their support for the community that not only helped shape the entire industry, but also formed a significant part of their own fandoms. Their public statements of support helped galvanize the K-pop stans even more toward BLM’s cause.

There are many more factors that come into play here. But for me the most important part is also the most personal. A large part of why K-pop stans are often dismissed as mere “bots” is rooted in sexism: the idea that young girls’ interests in fields like music and politics are invalid or illegitimate.

In any case, that does not even hold water, as it’s been proven time and time again that fanbases for K-pop acts are actually diverse in terms of race, gender, and age. But the stereotype that K-pop is only for “screaming, obsessed young girls” is to underestimate as well women’s buying and collective powers, and of their hopes to see change in society.

Certainly there are a lot of things that have to be addressed, both within the industry itself and the communities around it. But the unexpected truce between the “locals” and the “stans” is something I hope could help other progressive causes gain traction. K-pop stans have proven that it’s possible to counteract seeded propaganda on social media. How can the same be replicated in the Philippines, whose democracy is overrun by trolls?

Krixia Subingsubing, 24, “fears BTS stans and no one else.”If the names Miquela or Imma ring a bell, you have been keeping up with the growing demographic of digital humans.



Miquela and Imma are Instagram influencers, respectively followed by 2.48 million and 200,000 users.



They are computer-generated imageries, but have pretty realistic personal descriptions.



For example, Miquela is an American that hails from Los Angeles, California, who has Spanish and Brazilian heritage. Her passions are music and creating a world where women‘s voices are heard.





“If she was real, you would want to be her friend,” fans comment under Miquela’s YouTube videos. “I realize she could live for centuries,” reads another thought-provoking line in the thread. 



Miquela was created in 2016 by tech company Brud’s co-founders Sara DeCou and Trevor McFedries. And while some say her existence is almost like a chilling episode of “Black Mirror,” Miquela was named among Time’s Most Influential People on the Internet in 2018. 



On the other side of the globe there’s Imma, a Japanese Instagram star. 



The pink-haired Asian beauty has flawless features that are only matched by her singular sense of fashion.



Imma could be a TV celebrity -- if only she were a real person.



“I’m a virtual girl. I’m interested in Japanese culture, film and art,” reads her profile on Instagram.







But how does she look and feel so real? Imma‘s Instagram photos show her in hip Tokyo neighborhoods such as Akihabara wearing this season’s looks from high-fashion houses. She even posed next to real human models for the cover of a Japanese fashion magazine and starred in a commercial for cosmetic brand SK II’s Pitera Essence skin care. 



The trick is that Imma’s face is computer-generated on to a real person’s body, allowing her to blend in seamlessly with the landscape and other people. 





Digital humans in Korea









The history of virtual humans for Korea dates back to the 1990s, when Korean “cyber singer” Adam debuted in 1998. Modeled after actor Won Bin, Adam immediately drew attention here despite his still rudimentary and slightly jarring dance moves. 



Adam raked in 500 million won (about $420,000 now) in the first three months he was active, selling over 200,000 albums and pulling off gigs as a commercial model. 



Fast-forward to 2020, Korea now has Sua, a real-time computer graphic model created by two-man developer studio Sua Digital. 



Sua is the face of the Unity Technologies Korea, maker of the game development engine Unity, with which Sua was built.



At first glance, Sua resembles a K-pop star, but one can never place a thumb on exactly who she looks like. 



“In making Sua, we paid close attention to her features so that she is endearing but at the same time unique on her own,” said Kim Hyung-il, CEO of Sua Digital in an interview with The Korea Herald. 



“Our priority was for Sua to go over the uncanny valley, and it’s rewarding to receive positive feedback from the public,” Kim said. 



The “uncanny valley” is a psychological concept of unease or revulsion people can feel toward artificial intelligence or humanoids. Generally, people become more empathetic to unreal objects as they appear more humanlike. But at the point where a humanoid appears very similar, yet clearly not human, they grow cold and unsettled toward it. The creation can theoretically overcome the uncanny valley with the perfection of its look, and people will feel welcoming toward it. 



“Digital humans stand out in that they are not limited by physics of time and space. They carry out commands as they are given, and can be adapted to various visual effects,” Kim said, “In broad terms, digital humans can be applied to all sorts of activities that happen in screens.” 



Sua was made using real-time rendering technology, which is a cutting-edge visual effect that enables quicker production time, lower production cost and minimal workload when adapting to different scenarios after the first character development. 



Sua could be an actor, entertainer, host, game character or broadcaster, said Kim, adding that his team is contemplating the best career path for Sua.



“As you can see, Sua has the Korean look. We are proud that global enterprises are showing interest in hiring Sua,” Kim said.





Evolution of artificial humans



With the coronavirus pandemic, noncontact has become a buzzword in business. Interest in digital humans is growing, Kim said, but this doesn’t mean CGI humans will ever eclipse real people.



“Making the digital human, commanding tasks and carrying out their maintenance is all humans’ doing,” Kim said, “All matters have two sides. If graphics replace humans at work, there will inevitably arise new jobs for humans to operate these digital characters,” said Kim.



And for those who feel uncomfortable that these digital humans tend to be female, meet Vincent, a digital human by tech company GiantStep, and the Neons by Samsung Research America’s Star Labs. 







Vincent is a real-time rendering digital avatar of GiantStep’s developer, Vincent Lorant.



Digital humans have existed before, notably in Hollywood films. But those required six to 12 months of production time and came at astronomical costs. The characters could not be interacted with, meaning they could not be applied to other industries.



However, the use of a real-time engine for game development led to the leap to entertainment content, allowing for more interactive and immersive AI digital humans. 



Vincent was made using the Unreal Engine by Epic Games. 



“Seeing Vincent, we are getting requests to build digital celebrity, digital concierge, game characters and app service,” said Shin Won-ho, director and head of the new media business division at GiantStep.



“In near future, there will be a new industry for digital entertainers, and digital humans will find roles as faces to AI insurance planners and call center communicators.” Shin said.



Similarly, Samsung Research Lab’s Star Labs plans to build its Neon humans as next-generation workers who could be AI personal shoppers and foreign language instructors.



Neons will have memories and feelings that enable them to pick up the work from where they left it. The Neon project is headed by Pranav Mistry, the CEO of Star Labs. 





But why?







The question remains: Why do humans create other human-looking things? Why should artificial intelligence take on the form of a biped, with an inviting smile and a helpful tone of voice?



Confronted with bizarrely realistic computer graphics-generated digital humans, don’t we end up questioning our own humanity? 



“The process of socialization is of mirroring. Humans observe and imitate others – when we are young, we copy those close to us and as we grow we begin to mimic conceptual beings. Mirroring is the fundamental mechanism of all human relationship,” said Lee Taek-gwang, a professor of cultural studies at Kyung Hee University in Seoul. 



“Social media is the hotbed of this mirroring. It is human interaction amplified and transplanted to the digital domain. And in building the models we want to resemble in life, we construct an ideal image we want to be, and that becomes the deepfake and the subjectively perfect faces that affect our identities,” said Lee. 



Deepfake videos are sophisticated digitally altered or fabricated videos that appear to be realistic but show people doing or saying something they did not. 



“To ask if (digital humans) is unnatural would be an oxymoron. Because humans are not natural to begin with. We do things other animals don’t. We may feel ethical discomfort at humans playing god, but this is the innate characteristic of humans that is difficult to change,” Lee said.



However, if the technology is criminally misused to defame others, or spawn discrimination or hatred toward minorities, the matter would demand social scrutiny, Lee added. Lee cited this year’s “Nth room” case, where an online sex crime syndicate offered to create pornographic content using cut-out faces of regular women for those willing to pay. 



By Lim Jeong-yeo ( The question remains: Why do humans create other human-looking things? Why should artificial intelligence take on the form of a biped, with an inviting smile and a helpful tone of voice?Confronted with bizarrely realistic computer graphics-generated digital humans, don’t we end up questioning our own humanity?“The process of socialization is of mirroring. Humans observe and imitate others – when we are young, we copy those close to us and as we grow we begin to mimic conceptual beings. Mirroring is the fundamental mechanism of all human relationship,” said Lee Taek-gwang, a professor of cultural studies at Kyung Hee University in Seoul.“Social media is the hotbed of this mirroring. It is human interaction amplified and transplanted to the digital domain. And in building the models we want to resemble in life, we construct an ideal image we want to be, and that becomes the deepfake and the subjectively perfect faces that affect our identities,” said Lee.Deepfake videos are sophisticated digitally altered or fabricated videos that appear to be realistic but show people doing or saying something they did not.“To ask if (digital humans) is unnatural would be an oxymoron. Because humans are not natural to begin with. We do things other animals don’t. We may feel ethical discomfort at humans playing god, but this is the innate characteristic of humans that is difficult to change,” Lee said.However, if the technology is criminally misused to defame others, or spawn discrimination or hatred toward minorities, the matter would demand social scrutiny, Lee added. Lee cited this year’s “Nth room” case, where an online sex crime syndicate offered to create pornographic content using cut-out faces of regular women for those willing to pay.By Lim Jeong-yeo ( kaylalim@heraldcorp.comIn the mid-1970s, a new music genre emerged. Conceived out of a rejection of mainstream music, stripped-down instrumentally, and highly political with clear anti-establishment lyrics, punk epitomized a culture of politically-engaged youth. A nihilistic mix of radical leftist utopian vision coupled with a shared vision of authenticity—the punk rocker—not only was the music the foundation of the fashion, but its lyrics instrumentalized the politics.

On Saturday, June 20 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Donald Trump, the president of the United States of America, stepped onto a podium to greet a rally that his aides had predicted would number one million—although the arena’s capacity is a little over 19,000. Instead, Trump was greeted with only around 6,200 followers. The venue was nowhere near full.

Unbeknown to Trump, the organizing prowess of K-pop fans—a diverse and international gathering of young and clearly engaged youth—formed an army that called to action a social-media ploy to reserve seats at the venue only to not show up. The effects should serve as a warning of the power of collective action. There can be no question that in spite of the Trump campaign’s denial that the prank had affected attendance, the potential is enormous. The fact is that the campaign, rather than using this moment as an excuse for the rally’s poor attendance, clearly felt that it was simply impossible for young followers of Korean pop stars to pull this off. Moreover, some quarters of Trump’s following have gone so far as to suggest that this was an orchestrated “foreign” interference in U.S. politics. K-Pop fans are a global collective, many of them are American. But in reality, they identify with no border, just a collective interest in Korean culture.

Spurred on by the ongoing Black Lives Matter (BLM) protests, they took to social media platforms, spamming conversations against the cause and flooding right-wing American “boogaloo” hashtags with their usual army fandom. They successfully disrupted a “snitching app” that was being used by police in Dallas to seek intelligence on protestors. Their hashtag activism has generated a trend and, in our current socio-economic climate, being trendy in a world built on algorithmic marketing tools is big business.

The interesting difference between the political anti-establishment of the punk era and the anti-right-wing populism of the K-Pop fans now is that the music is not what is spurring its followers. K-Pop is not full of political messaging; the music is not calling people to arms. It is the fandom that is doing so with a shared collective identity that is saying “No.” “No” to racism and “No” to right-wing populism.

Some commentators have boldly suggested that the global response to coronavirus might signal the beginnings of the end of political populism. It is clear that democracy alone is not the champion of effective pandemic control. Yet, there is correlation between countries that have elected populist leaders (the United States, Brazil, the UK, Italy, and so on) and the failure to effectively deal with the pandemic from early on. With its global success, K-Pop is now speaking truth to power and is beginning to hold authorities to account, with the numbers of followers that have the potential to influence elections.

It is hoped that as K-Pop fans become “trendy” the music remains unchanged. The lyrics do not need to follow the fandom. The stans are already there. Support, as the K-Pop group BTS did with its financial contribution to BLM, is the key to the success of this new wave of activism.

I have always been a bit cynical about the power of the hashtag. To me, it was often too simple. A box-check. A moment when you can virtually signal your position, or non-position. I often felt that it didn’t do much for the cause. It just contributed towards an extended list of signatures. What is more, I often felt uncomfortable when political causes—particularly in cases of equality—became trendy. The use of the rainbow flag comes to mind. The so-called “pinkwashing” of LGBT rights for marketing and political strategies that sought only to promote products through a gay-friendly, progressive, and tolerant manner. Despite this feeling of being uncomfortable due to the methods involved, this kind of strategy has, in some cases, clearly won. The #MeToo movement, for example, has empowered women globally to speak against sexual harassment and abuse. The widespread exposure brought down the likes of Harvey Weinstein and Jeffrey Epstein. It has changed laws surrounding harassment and assault, brought down barriers to employment and has brought about change in policy (although few would suggest that the battle is over).

My hope is that the same can happen here. If K-Pop stans can contribute to changes in laws, policy, and employment for Black, Asian, and Minority Ethnic groups, then fostering political engagement through popular culture is the kind of change we need.

Prof. Niki J.P. Alsford is Professor in Asia Pacific Studies and Head of Asia Pacific Institutes; being Director of the Institute for the Study of the Asia Pacific; Co-Director of the International Institute of Korean Studies and the Northern Institute of Taiwan Studies; and Chair of the Centre for Austronesian Studies. He is also Research Associate at the Centre of Taiwan Studies at SOAS, University of London and Research Fellow at the Ewha Institute of Unification Studies at Ewha Womans University in Seoul. He received his PhD in Modern East Asian History from SOAS. As a historical anthropologist his research focuses on comparative ethno-histories. Chief among these is an engagement with developmental anthropology in the case of North Korea and climate anthropology across the Pacific. He is author of Transitions to Modernity in Taiwan: The Spirit of 1895 and the Cession of Formosa to Japan, published by Routledge in 2017. He is book series editor for the Taiwan series at BRILL and the Korean series at Routledge.SEOUL
• Entertainment labels are no longer willing to tolerate broadcasters that release and sell unaired behind-the-scenes clips or "fancams" of artists without permission.

The Korea Music Content Association, Korea Management Federation and Korea Entertainment Producers' Association on Wednesday filed a petition to the nation's Fair Trade Commission (FTC) calling for a revision to current contract practices with television stations.

In South Korea, pop artists appear on music show programmes such as KBS Music Bank and SBS Inkigayo without separate contracts signed between their labels and TV stations.

It has long been accepted that broadcasts have full control of the footage because the artists are being filmed for broadcast purposes as part of their promotional activities.

But the decades-old industry practice is increasingly being questioned as TV stations start uploading edited footage or close-up fancams of artists via online platforms such as YouTube for profit, sometimes reselling clips to third parties, such as telcos, without permission.

When a YouTube video has music in the background, the platform detects the song's record label or distributor and pays a set royalty rate that may trickle down to the artists, songwriters, composers and others involved, depending on the contract.

However, for TV show clips that cumulatively rack up billions of views, there is no profit-sharing with artists.

"The purpose of the petition is to set fairer business practices between broadcasting stations and K-pop labels," said Korea Content Association secretary-general Choi Kwang-ho.

The nation's antitrust watchdog has begun reviewing the issue with the Culture Ministry and TV stations.

"We have also acknowledged the problem. We plan to finalise the details of the new contract rules by the end of this year for official approval," an FTC official told The Korea Herald.Amid the COVID-19 pandemic continuing to hamper the global music and entertainment industry-at-large, the K-pop scene has proven time and time again its resilience and nimbleness in audience outreach and commercial viability.



BTS is estimated to have earned nearly $20 million through its one-off virtual concert, "Bang Bang Con: The Live," in mid-June, drawing a global audience of some 756,000. BLACKPINK has also proven that demand for K-pop's girl power remains high, with its new single "How You Like That" and its music video breaking records on YouTube and securing top spots on international music charts.



With its seventh EP album "Heng:garae," K-pop boy band Seventeen has also set a remarkable industry marker in this day and age of the pandemic -- that it's still possible to move more than 1 million physical albums in the first week of release despite unfavorable market conditions.



According to South Korean music sales tracker, "Heng:garae" sold 1,097,891 physical copies during its week one release window of June 22-28, selling more than the initial preorder volume of 1.06 million units.



The six-track album became the second-largest selling one of 2020 to date, following BTS' "Map of the Soul: 7," which moved 3.4 million copies during its first week.



During the first week, "Heng:garae" sold over 500,000 copies in just two days of release.



Achieving the 1-million mark in the first week is a remarkable accomplishment regardless of where the market is located. According to Forbes, the last artist to sell more than 1 million copies of an album in America was Taylor Swift with 2017's "Reputation," which moved 1.2 million copies in its first week.



Seventeen has also performed strong with "Heng:garae" internationally.



The band debuted at No. 6 on Billboard's Emerging Artists chart for the final week of June, while "Heng:garae" debuted at 14th on the Billboard World Albums chart. The title track "Left & Right" also debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard World Digital Song sales chart. 



"Heng:garae" also topped Apple iTunes Album charts in 27 regions and also climbed to the top of Japan's Oricon Weekly Chart, moving some 101,000 copies during the first week in the neighboring country.



Since its 2015 debut, Seventeen has shown strong and steady growth in terms of sales.



"You Made My Dawn," the group's sixth EP album released in January 2019, sold some 338,000 copies during week one, while the band's follow-up album, "And Ode," released in September of the same year, moved some 700,000 copies during the first week window.



"Heng:garae," Seventeen's first new album in nine months, contains six songs. It is fronted by "Left & Right," a funky rhythmic dance pop track that moves along hard piano bass lines paired with twangy rhythm guitars. 



Henggarae is a Korean word meaning tossing up someone in celebration.



Other songs, mostly bright and inspirational, include "Fearless," "My My" and "Kidult." Concept-wise, "Heng:garae" represents a stark departure from the band's previous album, which explored darker topics and sounds. 



The record was also the band's first release after Pledis Entertainment, the group's label-management agency, was acquired by Big Hit Entertainment, the company behind K-pop powerhouse BTS, in late May.



Kim Kyo-seok, a pop culture critic in Seoul, assesses that the new coronavirus situation could have actually boosted sales, prompting fans to show support through album purchases amid a lack of opportunities to see them in person.



"Since holding concerts in the midst of the new coronavirus has become difficult, there may have been stronger support toward (Seventeen) from fans in the purchasing of albums," Kim said.



Kim also noted that Seventeen's integration under the Big Hit umbrella may have helped with the album sales as well. "I do think that the affiliation with Big Hit has helped them quite a lot." (Yonhap)Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later

Looks like we are having a problem on the server.Why are K-pop stars Jimin of BTS, Lai-kuan of Wanna One and all of boy band Vav crazy for the Bollywood film 3 Idiots? Here are 5 Korean celebrities who love Indian movies – so much so they’re even looking to work with stars like Aamir KhanThe scene from the Blackpink music video showing the statue of Ganesha in the bottom left.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The internet is a treasure trove truly! Yes, there is the occasional (okay a little more than that) hate and trolling but one might unearth things from the creative conglomerate at work. You might have had your daily dose of topical news in mind when you went up the web but what you come back with is more than just that. From memes about the newest templates to GIFs from latest fan-favourite shows and more - cause the social media currency is always evolving - you never know what will hit you unless, you know you do! In fact, something similar has hit us and it is raining crossovers between Bollywood and K-Pop! Featuring bands like BTS and BLACKPINK, these videos are viral for a (and more) reasons.

SEE ALSO: 'How You Like That': BLACKPINK’s New Single Will Get You Dancing

Recently, BLACKPINK’s ‘How You Like That’ dropped and fans were ecstatic to see the famous girl band’s first studio album but it has now been replaced by sheer euphoria of seeing them dancing to Pardesia. You heard it right; Jisoo, Lisa, Jennie and Rosé can be seen dancing to the groovy number thanks to the imaginative minds behind Instagram handle What The Cut? And you gotta see it to believe it.

Not just them, even the Bangtan Boys aka BTS can be seen in a mashup where Akshay Kumar's Hookah Bar is playing in the background. And no, you can’t unsee it.

Earlier, another video of the BTS gang had gone viral that had them shaking legs to Salman Khan-Sushmita Sen's Chunari Chunari and I don’t know if it was imposed anymore.

Now, I don’t know about you but I’m looking at a different genre altogether. It is definitely the flavour of the season, to say the least, and I’m sure I’m not the only one who is excited about it. No, seriously, where you at K-Pop fans?BTS’s record-breaking streak shows no signs of stopping, claiming a new record within the region this time, for becoming the first K-Pop band to achieve 100 million streams on Anghami.

MENA’s largest music streaming service tweeted the news and confirmed with Gulf News via email, revealing that it took three years to achieve this feat by their fans, collectively known as ARMY.

Though haven’t disclosed the countries with the most listenership, Anghami, which has been expanding its K-Pop library, shared BTS’s fanbase predominately originates from the GCC, followed by North Africa and Levant.

Member Jimin has also achieved his own record on Anghami for being the first Korean act to have four songs each surpassing 500,000 plays.

Though having been largely quiet while working on a new album, BTS recently beat Adele’s iTunes record with ‘Black Swan’, off their latest chart-topping album ‘Map of the Soul: 7’, which recently revealed to be the top-selling album in the US in the first half of 2020, selling 552,000 units, according to global music sales measurement company Nielsen Music’s US Mid-Year Report for 2020.

BTS is undeniably one of the most popular K-Pop groups locally and regionally. Proving their star power and massive fanbase in the UAE, Big Hit Entertainment’s artist has not only secured a star on Dubai’s Walk of Fame but also is the most streamed K-Pop artist in the UAE on Spotify from Jan 2014 to Jan 2020, the streaming platform revealed earlier this year.

Some of their songs have been also reappearing on the UAE iTunes chart thanks to their fans’ efforts.

Their 2019 Riyadh concert was remarkably the biggest live music event in the region’s history, having the strongest demand in ticket sales, Turki Al-Sheikh, Chairman of Saudi General Authority for Entertainment, revealed via tweet.

The Korean Business Research Institute revealed that the record-breaking septet is still strongly leading the brand reputation rankings among male idol acts for the 26th consecutive month with an impressive brand reputation index of 9,596,339.Blackpink broke multiple Guinness World Records with the launch of their single How You Like That last month. Photo: HandoutAs nationwide protests against police violence and racial inequality continue in the US, K-pop fans, famous for their social media savvy, are using their collective power to rally around the Black Lives Matter movement.

K-pop stands for Korean popular music. So far, fans have crashed police department apps and co-opted hashtags. This highlights the subversive tools that have become part of the K-pop standom – which refers to the obsessive, dedicated, diehard fandom – resistance.

When K-pop stars BTS and their company, Big Hit, donated US$1 million to Black Lives Matter, BTS fans mobilised in a #MatchAMillion campaign. They successfully reached their fundraising target in 24 hours.

Big Hit was an outlier. While K-pop fans have received media attention for their support in the Black Lives Matter movement, the industry has largely remained quiet about what has become a global flashpoint. The silence from most of the K-pop industry stands out even more against the unprecedented number of businesses standing with the anti-racism movement as a corporate strategy.

I’m a scholar of popular culture, and my research on K-pop shows how the K-pop industry’s conventional practice of shying away from political issues is currently being challenged by the more politically vocal and engaged fans at the moment of Black Lives Matter.

K-pop is generally understood as a particular style of music produced, distributed and consumed within the idol training and management system.

Under this system, Korean entertainment companies tightly control the images of the young K-pop stars and groom them to become “multi-entertainers” who can make various media appearances and potentially land numerous lucrative endorsement deals and partnerships with brands.

This goal requires K-pop stars to have a broad commercial appeal, secured through their exuberance and exhibition of values that the Korean public approve, such as humility, hard work, discipline and obedience.

The K-pop industry has a long history of staying out of political and social issues. Entertainment companies fear that getting mired in politics will hurt business.

Even when millions of Koreans peacefully took to the streets for 20 consecutive weekends to demand the impeachment of ex-President Park Geun-hye for her role in the government corruption, the K-pop industry and its stars stayed mum.

K-pop’s transnational popularity, especially in East Asia, a region that has complex geopolitics and tensions from unresolved historical conflicts, is another reason the industry stays apolitical.

But due to the differing demands of the Korean fans who want their K-pop stars to advance Korea’s nationalistic causes and the international fans who want the K-pop stars to be sympathetic to their local causes, K-pop’s industry’s desire to maintain “apolitical neutrality” seems to be less tenable.

Even when K-pop stars avoid expressing their political views, geopolitical feuds between different countries in the East Asian region can lead to disastrous financial consequences.

The world saw the result of this in the aftermath of the US missile defence system’s deployment on the Korean soil. Worried that the sophisticated radar systems included in the system can track China’s own missiles, the Chinese government issued a stern warning that the deployment of THAAD will lead to a disastrous relationship between two countries.

When the Korean government failed to heed to that demand, China banned Korean entertainment and entertainers, leading many Korean companies to see their share prices to dip more than 15% within a month of those retaliatory actions.

With K-pop’s growth into a $5 billion global industry, Korean entertainment companies’ collective silence on Black Lives Matter seems to be less of a viable option when issues of racism and social inequality matter greatly to the American fans whose passion and effective fan labour have been at the centre of that global growth.

K-pop’s global success being indebted to Black music and fandom is another important factor to why the K-pop industry cannot ignore the social justice movements that are happening in the US.

K-pop’s influence from Black music such as hip hop, rap and R&B is a huge factor in K-pop’s transnational appeal. Lee Soo Man, the founder of SM Entertainment, has acknowledged the connection, saying that K-pop is “based on Black music.”

The founders of JYP, YG and Big Hit Entertainment have all publicly stated their influence from Black artists. The K-pop industry continues to draw inspiration from Black music by hiring Black American lyricists and producers to provide R&B style music.

K-pop’s breakthrough in the US is largely attributed to its transnational fandom base, with Black fans contributing significantly to transform K-pop from a niche genre to a global phenomenon.

In fact, K-pop’s success in the US was possible not because of a white, mainstream audience, but because a small, passionate group of K-pop fans – many from communities of colour – discovered K-pop as they sought alternatives to the mainstream popular culture that continues to privilege white representation as the norm.

These fans are not political wallflowers.

American K-pop fans have held American journalists and mainstream media accountable when those journalists and outlets used racist stereotypes to cover K-pop. They have called out a white, Western record executive who expressed his desire to whitewash K-pop by creating a K-pop group without Koreans.

They have also challenged the racist and xenophobic actions of MTV when it created a separate category for K-pop artists called “Best K-pop” while excluding them from the main awards such as “Best Pop” or “Artist of the Year” for Video Music Awards.

For these American fans, K-pop has become a tool for social justice.

However, fans are also looking at this tool in the context of the K-pop industry’s – and the fandom’s – anti-Black racist practices as K-pop is being celebrated as a popular weapon for activism.

K-pop idols have a history of wearing cornrows, braids or dreads, performing in Blackface or making jokes about Black people.

Considering that K-pop is a product of systematic planning and controlled management, these anti-Black performances were done with the approval of the Korean entertainment companies. As K-pop fans in America and around the world are protesting for social justice and racial equality, they are also using the moment to reflect on K-pop’s practices of racism and cultural appropriation.

The current moment is one of reckoning for the K-pop industry, where the narrow nationalism of its apoliticism appears at great odds with its American K-pop fans’ demand for political and social change.

A significant number of K-pop stars have already publicly stated their support for the Black Lives Matter movement.

Korean entertainment companies that generally encourage their stars to refrain from political expressions as part of their management strategy have not stopped them from doing so.

In fact, on June 19, 2020, SM Entertainment, Korea’s biggest entertainment company, released an official statement on the Black Lives Matter movement. It took more than three weeks since the protests after the death of George Floyd and much prodding from American fans who have called out the company to speak out with #SMBLACKOUT movement for the company to issue its support.

However, this shows how the socially conscious and politically outspoken American fans can nudge the K-pop industry to become more political, especially as K-pop aims to stay global.

Hye Jin Lee, clinical assistant professor of communication, University of Southern California, Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism

This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.Every Year King Choice, which claims to be the ‘Biggest International KPOP Voting Website’ comes out with the list of songs which establish K-pop’s landmark moments and songs that define industry’s success in the global moment, as per listener’s choice. This year as well, King Choice has come out with top 20 songs that paved the way for the said K-pop groups when they just debuted. These songs include the first-ever music videos of the K-pop boys as well as girl groups in question.

Also Read | K-pop Band BTS Dancing To ‘Chunnari Chunnari’ In A Fan Edit Video Is Too Hilarious; Watch

According to the official website of the voting site, there were over 35 songs which were shortlisted based on fan votes. The songs of all generation group have been on the list of 35. Out of which top 20 have made it to the list. The list also included BTS' song No More dream and second-generation group Super Junior's debut song Twins as well.

Here is a list of K-pop songs from the history books which are an all-time success as per voters on King Choice-

Also Read | 'Gangnam Style' To 'Obsession': K-pop Songs One Must Add To The Playlist

3. Never Again by SS501

4. Into the New World by SNSD

6. We Belong Together by Big Bang

9. No More Dream by BTS

Also Read | BTS Is ‘Big Time Socialists’ & K-pop Is ‘foreign Propaganda’, Claims US Politician

While most of the groups from the above list are still performing and releasing new songs, groups like TVXQ, Super Junior have taken either solo career routes or doing dramas. Kim Hee Chul of Super Junior is a recognised variety show host. Popular girl group 2NE1 has disbanded and members of BTOB are serving mandatory military service. However, groups like BTS, BLACKPINK and GOT7 are releasing new songs. MAMAMOO's Hwasa recently released a single, Maria, which is her solo album.

Also Read | BTS' Jungkook Tops List For Most Searched K-Pop Idol On Google In The First Half Of 2020

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.SEOUL - Is there anything they cannot do? South Korean boy band BTS has set yet another Guinness World Record, this time, for most viewers for a music concert live stream.

On Tuesday (July 22), the Guinness World Records announced that BTS' online concert, BANG BANG CON: The Live, which streamed live on June 14, had drawn more than 700 thousand people from over a hundred different regions around the world.

The pay-per-view concert, with tickets priced at US$25 (S$34.50) each, was held in lieu of a live performance in light of global coronavirus restrictions.

BANG BANG CON: The Live was available through the boy band's agency, Big Hit Entertainment's platform, WeVerse, as well as on American livestreaming startup, Kiswe Mobile.

Member Park Jimin said: "Though we may not be able to see each other at this time, we've been constantly striving to grow as a group.

Referring to the coronavirus pandemic, he said: "We're coping pretty well so hope that you too can overcome this time by finding the small joy within."

This is not BTS' only Guinness World Records title. Others include the first K-pop act to reach number one on the US album chart, best selling album (South Korea), and most Twitter engagements.

The group also set a record for reaching one million followers on TikTok in the fastest time. It took them around three hours.In the past several years, K-pop has exploded from being a niche genre to now attracting countless fans around the world. BTS is currently the biggest K-pop act at the moment, and the group could be leading the way for other artists to soon follow.

But which K-pop artist could become the next household name in America? Some fans believe girl group Blackpink has the most potential to become mainstream after BTS. However, others are not too convinced.

Blackpink is gaining a huge following all over the world

Blackpink debuted in 2016 and quickly gained massive success in South Korea. All of their singles have charted at high positions in their home country, and it did not take long for international fans to also notice Blackpink.

Additionally, Blackpink is currently touted as one of most popular K-pop girl groups around. They recently surpassed Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift to become the female artist with the most subscribers on YouTube.

Blackpink’s popularity has caught the attention of American celebrities as well. As reported by Billboard, among Blackpink’s long list of fans are celebrities like Harry Styles, Diplo, Halsey, and the Smith family.

Some fans think Blackpink could become extremely popular in America

It’s clear Blackpink’s talent is being appreciated by even people who are not known to be K-pop fans. As a result, some fans on Reddit believe the girl group has the best chance of becoming mainstream in America.

Blackpink already has a few characteristics that set them apart from other K-pop artists vying for American fame. For example, they only have four members, which is a familiar amount to fans of Western music. Additionally, three out of four members can speak English, which is a higher percentage than BTS, who only has one English-speaking member out of seven people.

Fans believe Blackpink’s “tough” image combined with their rapping skills can also help them appeal to American audiences.

“Blackpink is already doing extremely well in America despite having such a small discography and very few appearances there,” one fan said. “Blackpink has everything America wants in a girl group.”

Other fans do not think Blackpink will become mainstream anytime soon

RELATED: Fans Compare Jennie From BLACKPINK’s ‘How You Like That’ Hair to One Other Artist

While Blackpink seems to have many things going for them, some fans believe there are still other factors keeping the American public from accepting the group.

For example, Blackpink’s “tough” image and rap talents might be impressive in the context of K-pop idols, but the standards for artists in America are usually higher.

One Reddit user pointed out, “Let’s just say America–the birthplace of Hip Hop, R&B and extremely good choreographers of those styles of music–is not looking for a pretty Korean girl group with singers, rappers and decent dancing skill. There’s more than enough native talent already. It’s just not a popular concept.”

Another person also noted, “Problem is that the image they portray just won’t work here. Nobody is gonna look at these girls that stand like 5’4 that weigh less than a 100 pounds and go ‘Wow how bad***.’”

A few fans also noted that girl groups generally have a hard time finding success in the American music industry, which would add more challenges for Blackpink to overcome. At the end of the day, whether Blackpink becomes mainstream in America or not, there’s no denying all the accomplishments the group has achieved so far.The statue of the Hindu god Ganesha flashed on the screen for just seconds in the music video by Blackpink, an all-female K-pop band. The elephant-headed deity was shown on the floor, near a bejeweled Aladdin lamp, as a member of the band preened and rapped on a golden throne.

That glimpse of Ganesha in the video for “How You Like That” was enough for eagle-eyed K-pop fans, many of them in India, to unleash a torrent of criticism against Blackpink last month, accusing the group of cultural appropriation, of using the religious object as a prop and of defiling it by placing it on the ground. They demanded that the image be removed.

“No hate to the artists but our hindu religion and Gods aren’t a toy/prop/aesthetic for pop culture music videos to use,” a fan from Delhi with the user name Iam_drish wrote on Twitter, adding that it wasn’t the first time Indian and Southeast Asian culture had been disrespected by K-pop.

As the tempest grew, Ganesha suddenly vanished from the video posted on YouTube, and fans declared victory. On Wednesday, Blackpink’s management acknowledged that it had edited the deity out, saying in a statement that its use had been an “unintentional mistake.”

The swift reediting of the Blackpink video illustrated how K-pop fans, who are deeply invested in the mythmaking of their musical idols, use the internet to spread their messages, reach the artists (and their management) almost instantly and get quick results.

K-pop, fueled by highly choreographed musical performances, is South Korea’s biggest cultural export. The country’s music industry generated more than $5 billion in revenue in 2018, most of it from K-pop, according to the Korea Creative Content Agency. YG Entertainment, the agency that manages Blackpink, made $220 million in revenue in 2019.

But the fans are key to the phenomenon, and they know it.

They have helped to propel bands like Blackpink to stardom by coordinating mass postings and stunts on social media before an album release or a star’s birthday — in some cases, even pooling their money to buy subway ads. Blackpink — whose members use the stage names Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé and Lisa (real names Ji-soo Kim, Jennie Kim, Roseanne Park and Lalisa Manoban) — has more than 100 million followers across social media platforms.

But K-pop fans — an internet-savvy army that spans the globe and counts members of different races, ages and socioeconomic strata among its ranks — are also pushing their idols to be socially progressive. They have become more politically active, claiming to have targeted an Oklahoma rally for President Donald Trump’s campaign by registering for thousands of tickets with no intention of showing up.

K-pop groups are also reaching across cultural boundaries to find new muses. Boy band BTS was praised for “Idol,” a song released in 2018 that was infused with Afro-beats and Korean folk rhythms.

But bands have also stumbled over cultural and racial red lines. The inclusion of religious and socially sensitive motifs for their opulent-looking video backdrops and candy-colored costumes has led to accusations of cultural misappropriation. Members of Blackpink, for example, were criticized for wearing bindis and box braids.

Ganesha was the latest cultural touchstone to stir up the fan base.

YG Entertainment, Blackpink’s agency, was bombarded by social media posts and emails, some of which followed a fan-created template. Fans demanded a public apology and the Ganesha statue’s removal. On June 30, the agency uploaded a new version of the “How You Like That” video without the deity. “It was immediately edited when we became aware of it,” said a YG representative, Cho Woo-young.

Vedansh Varshney, a 21-year-old university student and K-pop fan from Delhi, said of K-pop’s cultural mash-ups, “Some people will feel like our culture is represented. But this is not the situation at all when it becomes disrespectful.”

Some experts point to South Korea’s history to explain the prism through which K-pop artists distill foreign influences and inspiration.

“When you take elements of a culture and use it in a way that demeans or ridicules the people in that culture, that’s disrespectful,” said Crystal Anderson, an affiliate Korean studies faculty member at George Mason University. “What is often left out of the conversation is how those images and their creators got to places like East Asia in the first place,” Anderson said by telephone.

South Korea was largely cut off from the outside world during the Cold War, with many newspapers, books and films banned by military dictators. As the country opened up in the 1990s, many looked to the U.S. as a model for cultural success. But some racist tropes were imported and replicated during a campaign called “Let’s learn from Hollywood,” scholars say.

“When foreign cultures came into Korea, they arrived through the lens of mainstream American media, making the situation prone to distortion,” said Shim Doobo, a professor of media and communication at Sungshin Women’s University in Seoul. “K-pop has grown faster than the industry had time to raise issues with or reflect on their problematic behavior,” Shim added.

Even as fans chastise K-pop stars for using offensive images, it is unclear how many independent artistic choices the singers are allowed to make. The groups are tightly managed by agencies that dictate virtually every detail of their public lives, from their appearance to their romantic relationships.

Discussions of racism in the wake of George Floyd’s killing in Minneapolis have also led to calls for change in K-pop. Last month, many praised BTS’ donation of $1 million to the Black Lives Matter movement, following up with donations of their own. But Black fans also renewed long-standing critiques about K-pop, particularly what they saw as a refusal to recognize the genre’s influences in Black music, dance and culture.

Tiffany May and Su-Hyun Lee c.2020 The New York Times CompanyBeomgyu, Huening Kai and Taehyun of Tomorrow X Together went live together for the first time.“At least it’s the first time we’re doing this in our uniforms,” said Taehyun.All three attend Hanlim Arts School and were wearing their school uniforms. Beomgyu asked about taking yearbook photos and Taehyun said that he posed with the band’s hand symbols, but that photo had not been used.“I was preparing for a group shot when someone suggested that we strike poses like idols,” said Beomgyu, “and suddenly I felt so self-conscious and didn’t know what to do.”Meanwhile, they played the quick-paced card game Halli Galli, mischievously announcing they had taken over the game segment from Yeonjun. With a bet to treat the winner to dessert, they solemnly swore that they would play fair. But Huening Kai shrieked and burst into laughter when Beomgyu and Taehyun took his arm and found a card hidden inside the sleeve.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/202010.Jinyoung of GOT7 greeted fans from home, though saying he did not look “good enough.”He had been staying home doing this and that and fans protested that he was not giving them a glimpse of himself, he said with an apologetic chuckle.“I’ve turned into a homebody,” said the idol, agreeing with viewers who greeted him with “long time no see” and wishing them health.“It’s been too long a while and I’m at a loss what to say,” he confided after addressing fans around the world.He asked what they would like him to do for his solo online fan meeting that is to be held in two weeks.He listened to 20 songs with viewers, also singing along. The playlist ranged from the Beatles’ “Hey Jude” to summer favorites such as “Chicks Baeksuk” from “Infinite Challenge” and of course, songs by his bandmates.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/202020.Changbin of Stray Kids delivered another tutorial for making music, this time with a promising student.“I’ve picked out a pupil so that it will be easier for you to follow this online,” said the musician.“Professor” Han was the guest for the last episode, but while he already was excellent, this one has quite a potential, he added, asking Seungmin to join him in front of the camera. He said the scars on their faces were from a fight, as he posted on Instagram, but they made up for the sake of this lesson.The pair actually appeared on a TV music chart program premiering “Easy,” the follow-up to “God’s Menu.” The title is ironic, though, said Changbin, as the choreography was far from easy.“It is demanding to look relaxed and casual while dancing,” they agreed.They then began the lesson of the day: how to do the fan-featuring rap for “Easy.”Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/202092.K-pop Herald reporters Hong Dam-young and Kwon Yae-rim picked the 30 best songs from Seventeen.The boy band reached a career high, selling 1 million copies of its seventh EP “Heng:garae” and the group has amassed a huge following with its upbeat and energetic songs, as well some soft and sweet ballads, said Kwon. The fact that many of the songs are written by the bandmates themselves also speaks to their talent, the reporters added.Seventeen started out as a boy-next-door group, said Hong, recalling seeing them at the time of their debut, five years ago, admitting she did not expect them to grow this fast.The top 30 list started with last year’s soothing ballad “Hug.” “Adore U,” hailed as one of the best debut singles from a K-pop band, came in at No. 13. And the top three were: latest lead track “Left & Right,” one of their biggest hits “Very Nice” and lead track from the sixth EP “You Make My Dawn.”Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/201694.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=25–34 year-olds are, unsurprisingly, the most likely to buy tickets to live music events, and Australian men "really need to get out more"Busy as in: protecting peaceful protesters in Dallas by flooding the police department’s crowd-sourced surveillance app with footage of K-pop concerts. Busy as in: drowning out racist tweets filed under #AllLivesMatter by using the hashtag to post more concert vids. Busy as in: reserving so many tickets to President Trump’s June rally in Tulsa—with no plans to actually attend—that when the cameras panned across the “crowd,” they revealed far more empty seats than occupied ones.

Given that the current resident of the White House loves to brag about the number of people who show up for him even when, um, we’re in a pandemic, this move in particular showed K-pop standom’s genius. The tens-of-millions-strong (!!) group hit him exactly where it hurts, making their disapproval known—from home.

Wielding social media like a v efficient, fun-to-swing sword has always been their Thing.

See: that time they used hashtag spamming and all-night streaming to make BTS’s “Boy With Luv” the most viewed YouTube video ever in a 24-hour period. Or that time they helped the band Blackpink set three Guinness World Records streaming titles. Now, stans are using these same habits—spamming, streaming, ticketing—for the greater good, says Tamar Herman, author of BTS: Blood, Sweat & Tears. Like when the BTS Army raised $1 million to match the band’s donation to Black Lives Matter.

The fans themselves, explains Herman, are a diverse mix of people who are eager to actively combat racism and police brutality, and those who hop on the bandwagon because it seems kind of awesome to be a part of. (And just guessing here, but maybe also because it feels pretty damn empowering to be able to actually subvert intolerant authorities at a time when so many people feel so powerless.)

If all this seems like the most 2020 thing to ever 2020, that’s because…it is. As social media and political engagement have become inextricably linked, the barrier to entry for participation has plummeted—and that is good news for everyone! All this new wave of activism takes is a smartphone or computer, a desire to do something, and a bit of free time. Which, if our screen-time reports are to be believed, there’s plenty of right now.

When it comes to what K-pop devotees can accomplish, the limit probably does not exist. And let’s *all* take this as a refreshing reminder of just how much every one of us can achieve while lit-er-al-ly sitting on our couches. Bras optional.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.ioFrom accusations of glorifying domestic violence to breaking traffic laws and shoving an old man, K-pop’s reigning queens have courted considerable controversy – long before censoring an ‘offensive’ image in the record-breaking new How You Like That MVThe world is burning and there is no hope left, so here is a list of notable K-pop releases we are excited about this month.

While 2020 is leaving literally no stone unturned when it comes to disappointing and dooming us — I write, while scouring through episodes of The Simpsons to see when they predicted Kanye West’s presidency — we still have the merciful, bountiful blessing of debuts and comebacks in K-pop. Yes, Don’t Bore Us is doing that now.

Wait, what is a “comeback”? For the uninitiated, a “comeback” refers to the time a K-pop group releases new music. While Western artists often put several years between albums, it’s common for K-pop groups to release two, sometimes three, albums in a single year, including repackages (special editions of albums with new tracks).

That was lesson one. I thought June 2020 gave us the most sizzling line-up of comebacks for a year, but July is coming to give it some serious competition. So, without further ado, here are seven K-pop releases we are excited for in the seventh month of the year.

After six years as one of K-pop’s leading girl groups, Red Velvet is all set to debut its first eponymous sub-unit featuring leader Irene and dancer Seulgi later today, July 6th.

While thematically, the title track ‘Monster’ signals a continuation in the same direction as the group’s delicious last release, ‘Psycho’, there’s a definite sonic shift here with bass and dubstep worked in.

The teasers have been giving us major twins from The Shining vibes, so really, we’re all ready to be slaughtered by DarkVelvet.

Since last year’s ‘Gotta Go’, Chungha’s trajectory has been on an upward climb, giving us delightful shoulder moves and cementing her femme-fatale status. Now, she’s coming back to give us ‘PLAY’, today, July 6th.

Here’s why you should already be queuing up to watch it: ‘PLAY’ seems to take her out of the sensual darkness of her previous releases for more shimmery-summer vibes. Knowing Chungha, however, there is bound to be a catch there.

Speaking of shoulder moves, it’s hard to not include one of K-pop most promising rookie groups: ITZY. After the success of their second mini-album IT’z ME’, released in March (remember what I said about multiple releases?) their agency JYP Entertainment confirmed that the quintet was preparing for a comeback in late July.

Knowing ITZY, it’s going to be a fiery, fast-paced anthem about being yourself and not giving a damn about what others think, with knife-sharp choreography that spawns another viral moment. Can’t. Wait.

(G)-IDLE’s last release “took us to the stars” and had us reaching for holy water (note to leader Soyeon: if she wanted to step on me, I would not say no) with the way the members looked falling from grace so elegant.

Now, they’re following it up with ‘I’m The Trend’, releasing Tuesday, July 7th. Seems apt, given (G)-IDLE’s status as some of K-pop’s most versatile new groups, effortlessly flitting between booming confidence and heady heartbreaks on their releases. We’re ready (not) for what you’ll throw our way, girls.

After a strong debut with their Treasure series, which included four EPs and two albums, ATEEZ are finally starting a new chapter with ZERO: FEVER Part 1, due later in July.

Between an international tour that came only months after their debut, universal praise for their powerful choreography, and a definitive musical direction courtesy of exceptional control over their production process, ATEEZ have redefined the term ‘rookie’ in K-pop. They may be new, but their vision has the wisdom of veterans.

Speaking of veterans, one of K-pop’s most chaotic duos is back on Monday, July 13th with their first full-length album, 1 BILLION VIEWS. I say chaotic because who else would get drunk and play their entire unreleased album on an Instagram live? EXO’s Sehun and Chanyeol, that’s who.

The album teasers prelude a kitschy retro-futuristic extravaganza, featuring dinosaurs and what looks like their own version of K-9. Aside from the fact that you are definitely losing internet privileges, can’t wait, boys.

Okay, so this might count as cheating, but it’s BTS. After they broke a zillion records (it’s a pattern with them, really) with Map Of The Soul: 7, the septet is releasing a Japanese version with new tracks on Wednesday, July 15th, titled Map Of The Soul: 7 The Journey.

Both Map Of The Soul: 7 The Journey and its predecessor are a tribute to BTS’ extraordinary career, with all their crests and troughs. In just seven years, they’ve become the global face of K-pop, going from struggling rookies to repping the genre not just on international charts but also at the UN General Assembly.

Word of advice: please have tissues at hand.

Which one are you most excited about?With so many K-Pop groups and singers in the world, it's important for fans to distinguish themselves from other supporters in order to show everyone what specific community they belong in. For example, they can wear merchandise exclusive to one artist to show their dedication, or they can rep their fave's signature light stick at a show. But before all the extra accessories, the first thing a fandom needs is a title because it's the most basic way of showing one's loyalty. This list of K-Pop group fandom names because all of the biggest artists have a nickname they call their followers, and they're always packed with so much underlying meaning.

As any K-Pop lover can tell you, fandom names make fans feel so connected with each other. Often times, the titles are related to the artist's name or they can reference a special song by them, and knowing the backstory is like fans' little secret that only others like them would know.

There are so many K-Pop artists with big followings, so it may be hard to remember every fandom name out there. That's where this little guide comes in. Whenever you find yourself joining a new fandom, keep this list bookmarked because it will give you a much-needed intro to your new community.

As you may have guessed, ReVeluv is a combination of "Red Velvet" and "love." "We chose it because we wanted the name to represent the loving relationship that Red Velvet has with all of you. So let’s love each other and treasure each other for a really long time," the group explained in an April 2017 Instagram post about the name.

"It means the future of being together forever with fans who exist for EVERGLOW," the group told their followers. No matter how big or small a fandom is, having a name for it is important because it creates a sense of belonging for people who share the same love for an artist. Luckily, the next time you chat with other K-Pop fans, you'll know what each of their fandom names signify.SEOUL — In a recent paper published by Harvard Business School, Big Hit Entertainment Chairman Bang Si-hyuk shared how global sensation BTS deviates from the typical K-pop idol system and has more autonomy than other K-pop bands.

During his interview with the authors of “Big Hit Entertainment and Blockbuster Band BTS: K-Pop Goes Global,” Bang said the band’s contract renegotiations — a period when many stories of conflict arise among K-pop artists — took place without the intervention of lawyers or agents.

“We talked about whether we would be able to continue this success for another seven years. The members said, ‘We will give you seven more years, but give us the acknowledgment that we deserve for the successes that we have achieved, and reflect it in the contract,’” he said.

The septet and label focused on what they could do for their fans and their customers, which enabled a rare peaceful transition and continuation of their trusted relationship. They did not talk about money either during the talks.

BTS’ monthlong vacation last year, before concluding “BTS World Tour: Love Yourself,” is another deviation from common practices in the K-pop world.

Bang figured three to four days of rest, which is the industry standard, wouldn’t help the members that much. He knew the label would be taking a risk by letting the band go on an extended hiatus especially at the peak of their popularity, since there exists a genuine fear that fans might leave if the bands don’t have anything going on.

But the label’s executives decided to push forward, keeping the big picture in mind as they recognized the traditional business model wasn’t sustainable in the long term.

The septet also freely posts on social media without any intervention from their label. The members don’t have individual accounts on Instagram or Twitter, but they have set up separate profiles on Big Hit’s fan community platform Weverse. And there, Bang clarified, they “manage their own accounts” and the company doesn’t interfere unless they specifically seek advice.

This laissez-faire social media strategy stems from Big Hit’s 2011 workshop, a three-day event to reassess the company’s direction as it was on the brink of bankruptcy. It was through the workshop that the team realized despite the spread of social platforms, many people feel more isolated than before. The label decided to use social media to “help, inspire and heal people” moving forward, and forge a genuine connection between artists and fans.

The latest paper also offers a clear sense that Bang and his label did everything to support the band, to help them grow in the best way possible while embracing risks that their unconventional methods might fail.

Big Hit solely focused on BTS since their debut in 2013 without introducing any new acts until last year with TXT. It is very unusual in K-pop where companies quickly redirect their resources to a new group of trainees once they think the band reached a certain level of maturity.

“We thought hard about shifting our resources to a new group,” Bang admitted.

“But we felt that BTS had too much potential still, and decided to press on. That turned out to be a correct decision.”SEOUL
• Following a lawsuit against her by her son, the mother of late K-pop star Goo Hara has come out to give her side of the story.

The mother appeared on Wednesday on broadcaster JTBC's Spotlight programme, which looked at the dispute over who gets to inherit the late singer's assets.

Goo, 28, was found dead at home in November last year, leaving behind a note filled reportedly with pessimistic thoughts.

On the programme, her mother, whose face was not shown, explained why she had walked out on her children when they were young, South Korean pop culture website Soompi reported.

She said: "What kind of parent doesn't want to raise her child?

"However, I had my own circumstance. In my situation without a job, leaving with only one bag, even though I wanted to raise them, I found myself in a situation where I couldn't, so I didn't."

Goo and her brother Ho-in were abandoned by their divorced parents when they were nine and 11 respectively and were cared for by relatives.

After the death of Goo, her parents each received half of her assets in accordance with South Korea's Civil Act.

Her father gave his half to Ho-in, while her mother still maintains her right over her half despite failing to fulfil her parental duties.

Regarding her decision to appoint lawyers to help her get a share of her daughter's estate, Goo's mother said: "I told the lawyers to take care of it on their own. My daughter had died, what kind of inheritance or money could have been important?

"I don't even know now how it worked out. I don't know anything. I don't even know what the amount of money is. Don't keep asking questions. This is hard."

Her son has since filed a lawsuit against her, saying she has no right to the inheritance.

He has also petitioned for a Goo Hara Act to change the country's inheritance law to prevent a parent's claim on his children's assets if he had neglected parental duties.Around six months ago, TOO, which stands for Ten Oriented Orchestra, were formed after competing on Mnet's "World Klass" survival show , a program akin to MTV's Making The Band or The X-Factor. In April (weeks later than expected due to COVID-19), Chihoon, Donggeon, Chan, Jisu, Minsu, Jaeyun, J.You, Kyungho, Jerome, and Woonggi then made their official debut as a team during the height of the coronavirus pandemic . Usually, this would mean performing their newest single for a packed crowd on various music shows (think MTV's TRL), but instead, despite not having the screaming support of fans (called TOOgether) to draw energy from, the team nevertheless performed "Magnolia" off of their first EP, Reason For Being: 仁 (Benevolence), with power and graceSocial media amplifies the reach and range of actions available to well-organised and networked political actors, whatever their intentions, says an observer.

EAST LANSING, Michigan: The lower-than-expected attendance at President Trump’s rally in Tulsa on Jun 20 was attributed, at least in part, to an online army of K-pop fans who used the social network TikTok to organise and reserve tickets for the rally as a means of pranking the campaign.

Similarly, the historically unprecedented scale of the George Floyd protests can be attributed in part to social media. By some estimates 25 million Americans participated at protests.

Social media has proven itself as a tool for political activism, from online boycotts to offline gatherings.

It also has implications for how political campaigns operate. Social media can aid campaigns with voter targeting efforts, but it can also make the electoral process vulnerable to misinformation and manipulation, including from foreign actors.

READ: Commentary: Facebook’s decision to resist advertiser boycott could pay off in the long run

Social media has enabled protests and meaningful political action by capturing public attention, and by its decentralised nature, which makes it easier for activists to evade censorship and coordinate actions.

K-pop fans’ action through TikTok spanned more than a week and stayed off the radar of mainstream media.

TikTok teens and K-pop fans took over anti-Black Lives Matter hashtags such as #WhiteLivesMatter and drowned out the anti-Black Lives Matter messages with GIFs and memes.

When people on social media platforms look for these hashtags, they’re met with seemingly unending images and fan videos of popular K-pop groups such as Twice and EXO.

This, in turn, leads algorithms on social media platforms to classify such trending hashtags as K-pop trends rather than political trends, thwarting the anti-Black Lives Matter activists who tried to use the hashtags to promote their messages.

K-pop fans likewise responded to a call from the Dallas Police Department, who were trying to collect information about Black Lives Matter protesters from social media, and bombarded them with images and videos of their favourite K-pop stars.

My own research shows that there are two mechanisms that make social media influential in digital activism.

First, social media gives an opinion-making role to a few influencers – people who have extensive social media networks. The furor companies such as Uber and United Airlines aroused on social media for misbehaving was initiated by a handful of individuals.

READ: Commentary: K-pop’s hardcore fans are propelling social movements, but have blind spots

Second, people engage with like-minded people on social media, a phenomenon called homophily.

Together, these mechanisms provide a wide audience to both influencers and their followers who are enmeshed in densely connected online networks.

As my research shows, once a meme, hashtag or video goes viral, passive sharing can turn into active broadcasting of the trending idea.

For example, when celebrity Jane tweets in support of a viral hashtag such as #BlackOutTuesday, if fan Alyssa retweets this, it is more likely to be retweeted by people like Alyssa. Jane’s influence is magnified by Alyssa’s ability to influence her social connections.

The resulting activism spirals into a large-scale online movement that is hard to ignore.

READ: Commentary: Why George Floyd's death could tilt the US election - in Trump's favour

Social media’s opinion-making power and preference for like-minded connections also lead to online filter bubbles, echo chambers that amplify information people are predisposed to agree with and filter out information that contradicts people’s points of view.

Recent elections in the US and the Brexit vote in the UK might have been influenced by filter bubbles.

Social media also makes it easier to narrowly target classes of voters. In 2016, Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign significantly outspent Donald Trump’s campaign, and the effectiveness of the Trump campaign has been attributed to its ability to target specific groups of Clinton voters with negative ads.

With online advertising in general, and with the ability to micro-target voters via social media based on detailed demographic data, social media can both help and hinder political campaigns’ ability to target their voters.

Also, political campaigns need good data to create models of likely voters, which they use to get voters to turn out and persuade likely voters to vote for their candidates.

It looks like TikTok users produced a deluge of bad data for the Trump campaign. This kind of activity forces campaigns to spend time and money cleaning up their data.

READ: Commentary: Twitter may have just helped Trump get re-elected

The power of social media also poses a challenge for election integrity. An entity linked to the Russian government was reportedly responsible for spreading a massive disinformation campaign that likely influenced the 2016 elections.

A Senate committee concluded that “these operatives used targeted advertisements, intentionally falsified news articles, self-generated content, and social media platform tools” to intentionally manipulate the perceptions of millions of Americans.

Likewise, the Tulsa phenomenon underscores that if it’s this easy for a group of teens to influence turnout in a campaign rally, how easy would it be for a foreign actor to interfere in the election process?

The election process, including how campaigns and observers gather political information, is vulnerable to misinformation and coordinated trolling.

Social media amplifies both the reach and range of actions available to well-organised, engaged and networked political actors, whatever their intentions. With the pandemic significantly increasing society’s dependence on the internet, these concerns are likely to increase.

The question is, when combined with algorithmic filters and disinformation, how will these forces shape the politics of protest and democratic action in the years ahead?

Anjana Susarla is Professor of Information Systems at Michigan State University. This commentary first appeared on The Conversation.There is just no stopping the K-pop express.

A record 18 million K-pop albums were sold in the first half of the year, despite the cancellation of tours and stage performances as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.

Korea Music Content Association's Gaon Music Chart, which tabulates the weekly popularity of songs or albums in South Korea, reported that the country's top 400 albums sold 18.08 million copies in the first half of the year, up more than 40 per cent from last year's 12.33 million.

This is also the highest figure since the chart started tallying album sales in 2010.

The top 10 albums - by popular groups and solo acts like BTS, Seventeen and Twice - exceeded a combined 10 million copies sold.

BTS' Map Of The Soul: 7 was tops, with more than 4.2 million copies sold. A best-selling album in the United States, it also topped Britain's Official Charts and Japan's Oricon chart.

Seventeen's seventh mini album, Heng:garae, came in second at over 1.2 million copies, driven by growth in Japan.

Japan remains one of the major markets for K-pop, accounting for about 60 per cent of its exports.

In a list dominated by groups, solo act EXO vocalist Baekhyun stood out with his release Delight, which was just shy of a million, with more than 970,000 copies sold.

Gaon chief researcher Kim Jin-woo said that "album sales have been driven heavily by K-pop acts with a strong overseas presence and big international fandoms, as the domestic market has reached near saturation".
• Top 5 K-pop albums sold in the first half of 2020

He added: "Ironically, the cancellation of concerts and fan meet-ups due to the pandemic seems to have aided K-pop album sales because the fans didn't have any other choice... buying albums was the only way to show support for a while."Darren Criss is a huge fan of K-pop, and he doesn’t care who knows.

In a recent interview with MTV in which he detailed his top musical inspirations, the Assassination of Gianni Versace star revealed he frequently turns to K-pop greats like BTS and Blackpink for inspiration. In fact, there’s actually a “huge K-pop song” featured in Royalties, his new comedy series from Quibi satirizing the world of songwriting.

“There’s this just sort of outrageousness and just in your face-ness to those songs, which are always really cool and sophisticated,” Criss told MTV.

The Glee alum added that he listens to “a lot” of K-pop, and he thinks superfans will really appreciate his nods to the genre as Pierce, his Royalties alter-ego. Each episode of the series, in which Criss stars alongside Kether Donohue, includes different entertainment personalities, like Jennifer Coolidge and John Stamos, who play fictional musicians.

“People who speak Korean and pay attention to K-pop will probably be like, ‘Why does this make no sense?’” he said. “I kind of liked the idea that there was what I actually said [in the song], what the Korean translation was, and then ultimately what the English translation of the Korean translation, of the original thing is. But I did it on purpose ‘cause I know K-pop fans, especially those who speak Korean, will watch and be like, ‘That’s not…’ I’m like, ‘I know, I know!’”

As if we needed another reason to stan Criss. Find out which songs he'd recommend to a friend and his “cardinal rule” for karaoke by watching the actor-singer’s full Music to Blank To interview above.If you’re one of the millions of K-pop fans from across the span of the globe, the likelihood of you living in a city where your favorite artists tour maybe once a year is low. But amid the global covid-19 pandemic, the geographic barriers, hierarchy even, of K-pop fandom have been leveled thanks to digitally savvy ways of bringing together fans and stars.

In the past, to attend a K-pop concert in person or to attend a fan engagement event where fans can interact with their favorite stars in a variety of ways ranging from autograph signings to high-fives, many fans had to travel, sometimes internationally, for a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Geographic limitations of K-pop, and concert tours in general, meant that fans who attended these events in general either had to be locals, more affluent or had to go to major lengths to afford attending. But with the coronavirus keeping the world at a stand still, K-pop stars are engaging more actively with digital content than ever before, and bringing those traditionally offline interactions online to major success.

Concerts have been immensely lucrative and popular, with K-pop acts like BTS, SuperM, NCT 127, (G)I-DLE, and others, plus online festivals, having already held events that drew in hundreds of thousands of fans from across the world; BTS’s Bang Bang Con: The Live concert even was recognized by Guinness World Records for having the most-viewed live streamed concert ever, with over 750,000 fans tuning in. Most online concert tickets have been priced at roughly $30 USD, cheaper than typical K-pop concerts.

Expect more of these concerts in the future. Not only are corona-era concerts currently planned by acts such as Monsta X, Seventeen, and TWICE, the medium is a great alternative to typical in-person concerts and is expected to survive this social distancing timeline we find ourselves in. As a low cost alternative to attending concerts in-person, one with the potential to reach many more fans than any in-person event can hope to and reduced costs to put on a show when artists don’t need to perform in front of a live audience, there’s no reason not to expect K-pop acts to regularly begin integrating online concerts into their touring, attracting fans beyond those who will be able to get the in-person experience.

While K-pop’s digital concerts have proven to be immensely succesful and popular, “ontact” – a term in South Korea popularized recently to refer to contactless, online interactions – fan engagements have become increasingly popular, specifically video calls and autograph sessions. Recently several K-pop acts, ranging from the most popular to smaller artists, have held virtual fan signing events where they meet briefly with fans over the phone, and send them personalized signed albums.

To get access to a one-on-one digital conversation with your favorite star – usually each fan can only speak to a single specific member of the act they apply for – album sales serve as entries, with fans being picked at random based on sales. Though most calls only last around 2 minutes, they’re an experience unlike any other, especially for international fans beyond South Korea and Japan who rarely get to have one-on-one interactions with their favorite stars.

Like the concerts, these fan events have been immensely popular among K-pop fans, and may be one factor in why K-pop sales are bigger than ever in 2020.

One American fan who asked to be identified only by the first name April was never able to attend an autograph session – known as “fansigns” in Korea and in K-pop fandom spaces – in South Korea, but felt that the virtual experience gave her, and other international fans, the opportunity. She spoke with Monsta X’s I.M., her favorite member of the group, and recalls the experience as feeling “like I was catching up with an old friend.” While immensely personal in its own way, she says that it wasn’t a replacement for the in-person thin: “It made me want to try for in person fansigns in the future.”

Though these online concerts and digital fan engagements aren’t comparable to an in-person experience and do have their own downsides and costs, they offer an alternative not only for the age of corona but also the future as a tool to expand beyond traditional live events. Beneficial for both companies and fans, K-pop digital innovation is stronger than ever in 2020, and continuing to shape the relationship between artists and fans.The first episode of the Korean fantasy drama “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God” started at 7 p.m. last Wednesday. Viewers reacted to the scenes unfolding in front of them, commenting on the actors, the plot, and urging others to not spoil the show for newcomers.

“It’s much more fun to watch this again with other people,” one viewer said early in the showing.

It may seem like a typical movie night among friends, but the comments were all made online, and most of the viewers had likely never met.

The streaming site Rakuten Viki launched its Watch Party function in May, giving users the chance to connect with each other across screens. Unlike Netflix Party, the free Google Chrome extension that allows friends to watch shows together, Rakuten Viki plans the watch party itself and any of its users can join.

The streaming service, which offers free and paid tiers, has surged in popularity this year. The company said it now has more than 15 million subscribers globally (including those watching free with ads), up 50% from a year ago.

While many streamers have seen increased traffic since the COVID-19 pandemic locked people in their homes, Rakuten Viki has capitalized on the rising demand for Korean content and become a go-to streaming site for East Asian television shows and films. In the last year, U.S. demand for Korean-language content has grown by 66%, according to the L.A.-based research firm Parrot Analytics.

“The trend in the Korean wave actually began over 20 years ago, and it’s been building for many years leading up to the recent breakthrough,” Rakuten Viki Chief Executive Sam Wu said. “So we’ve been seeing that growing appetite in Asian content firsthand here.”

On Rakuten Viki, users can curate collections of shows on the site, at least one of which is focused on dramas that feature K-pop idols. Additionally, many of the site’s subtitles in more than 130 languages are generated by users and volunteers who compete to contribute the most content, giving the site its name.

Viki is meant to be a mix of the words “video” and “Wiki,” playing on the idea that the subtitles are user-generated, like content on the site Wikipedia.

Owned by the Japanese e-commerce company Rakuten, Viki offers more than 1,300 shows and movies, including originals, from Korea, Japan, China and Taiwan.

The San Mateo, Calif.-based company was launched in 2007 by three Stanford and Harvard graduate students — with funding from LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman and a Singapore startup backed by Joichi Ito — to tap into the growing global demand for Asian content.

Tokyo-based Rakuten, which also owns companies in advertising, telecommunications and e-books, acquired the streaming site in 2013 as part of its own global expansion.

Rakuten Viki uses a tiered subscription system, offering free content with ads and monthly subscriptions of $4.17 or $8.33.

Although it targets a global audience, Rakuten Viki has a big following in the U.S., where it attracted 5 million users in the last month. The company has more than 100 employees with offices in Shanghai, Seoul, Tokyo and Singapore.

The platform boasts the largest library of Korean content, which gained popularity after the film “Parasite” won four Academy Awards in February.

A similarly focused streaming site, DramaFever, was owned by Japanese telecommunications firm SoftBank Group, and streamed Korean content to global audiences. But in 2016, Warner Bros. acquired the company, and within two years shut it down amid licensing violations and other problems, leaving an opening for Viki and others.

Several other streaming sites have since broken into the genre as demand for Korean content has climbed. Netflix started expanding its original and licensed Korean content after it launched in Asia about five years ago. And NBCUniversal, which just launched its new streaming site, Peacock, signed a deal with South Korean streaming site Wavve to license content and invest in the production of future content.

Even so, Rakuten Viki maintains it has the shows that American viewers want to watch. Among the sites hosting the top 10 most in-demand Korean-language series in the U.S., Rakuten Viki beat out Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime and YouTube.

“In fact, Viki houses three of the four most in-demand Korean-language series with U.S. audiences,” said Alejandro Rojas, director of applied analytics at Parrot Analytics. “As the streaming market gets more crowded and competitive, personalized curation of foreign content is a successful strategy to cut through the clutter.”

Rakuten Viki recently signed a nonexclusive deal with Orange County-based distribution company 815 Pictures, adding more than 30 projects from the company to the site, including “Midnight Runners,” “Mr. Zoo: The Missing VIP” and “A Violent Prosecutor.” But 815 Pictures Managing Partner K.J. Lee said the deal goes beyond licensing agreements.

He said Rakuten Viki is very in-touch with the U.S. Asian film market, giving 815 Pictures recommendations on which projects to acquire based on which actors are doing well in the U.S., and what films are trending.

“Sometimes, before we acquire the contents from Asia, we discuss with Viki, ‘Hey Viki, we have this kind of opportunity, what do you think?’” Lee said. “We highly respect their comments on those contents.”

Wu says his company’s niche content offers unique interactions with the fan base of Korean and other Asian content, giving it an edge in the market, especially considering the fan base is known for its force online.

K-pop fans allegedly reserved tickets to President Trump’s rally in Tulsa, Okla., and never attended, and flooded the hashtag #WhiteLivesMatter with signals of support for the Black Lives Matter movement, all the while sharing videos and photos of K-pop stars.

“The community within Viki, they really like to share their fandom,” Wu said. “So that means they love to share this with friends, families, on social media.”

Rakuten Viki’s Watch Party is just the most recent addition to expand the site’s community of users at a time when people remain sheltered in their homes and unable to go to movie theaters or concerts.

Wu said the function was being developed well before the pandemic, but it has presented a solution to the new issues of isolation.

“We’ve heard from users that through Viki, they feel a sense of belonging and they feel connected to the community when they consume content,” Wu said. “They feel like they’re no longer alone, and they feel like they’re a part of a community, and they feel connected to other fans that love the same type of content that they love.”Order Some Drinks And I'll Tell You Which Female K-Pop Idol Is Your Best Friend

Will you be getting coffee with Hwasa?Podcasts have been having a moment, and if you've never checked it out, here's your chance. With a whole new world to discover, podcasts come in the same format as radio with hosts discussing a range of topics, from current events to music. Besides being a great source of entertainment in the advent of lockdowns and movement control orders, podcasts are also a great way to stay productive and learn something new.

Podcasts have been on the rise in the West since 2017, but Asia's definitely not too far behind. With podcasts galore, you'll definitely be spoilt for choice. To help you out, we've narrowed down some of our top picks of podcasts from the region.

From one of Singapore’s longest-standing musical instrument providers, City Music, City Music Singapore is a weekly podcast series that talks about everything music. From interviewing local artists like Coming Up Roses to recommending affordable recording equipment, this is an essential podcast for any music lover out there. Hosted by members of the team, collectively known as ‘#TheCityBois’, the series also explores trending and popular topics in Singapore.

City Music Singapore is available on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Catch the latest episode here:

Hosted by writer and film critic Ramon de Veyra, film and television producer Mel Lozano-Alcaraz, and filmmaker and musician Quark Henares, Endslate is a Filipino pop culture and entertainment podcast. Passionate about film and TV, the three hosts spark insightful discussions on the latest shows and movies, both in and out of the region. Previous episodes revolved around Parasite’s big Oscar win, as well as nostalgic films from the '90s.

Endslate is available on all major streaming platforms, including Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Catch the latest episode here:

Armed with the mission to promote the local music scene and uplift independent artists, Maed In India is the country’s first indie music podcast that showcases the best of Indian music. Each episode invites musicians and artists to share their story and stripped-down performances of their songs. Serving as a one-stop destination for new music and exclusive interviews, Maed In India features an array of musicians ranging from punk to hip hop.

Maed In India is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, TuneIn and Stitcher, as well as their official website. Catch the latest episode here:

Calling all movie buffs and comic book fanatics! Potkes AFK is an Indonesian podcast all about film and TV adaptations of comic books. Often featuring Marvel and DC franchises, the podcast dives deep and analyses everything about a story’s transition from comic to film, including its casting and how it compares to the original comic.

Potkes AFK is available on all major streaming platforms, including Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Catch the latest episode here:

Hailing from the land of talented music groups and the catchiest tracks, K-pop Daebak w/ Eric Nam is a weekly podcast that spotlights the best new music and artists in K-pop. Hosted by Korean singer and personality, Eric Nam, each episode brings you reviews of the industry’s latest tracks, specially curated playlists, and insight on what it’s like being a K-pop idol. Eric also often brings on some of the biggest names in K-pop and international music today, such as f(x)’s Amber Liu, Lauv, Yuna, and ph-1.

K-pop Daebak w/ Eric Nam is available on all major streaming platforms, including Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Catch the latest episode here:

Raymund Marasigan and Daren Lim have teamed up for their new podcast, Offstage Hang. Bandmates in Squid9, and collaborators at D&D Guitars, the pair is set to talk about their offstage shenanigans with fellow musicians. The first episode will premiere on November 10 via YouTube and will feature Sandwich and Chicosci guitarist, Mong Alcaraz.

For all things Singapore, the Good Hang podcast is where it’s at. A podcast about pop culture, current events, and everything in between, Good Hang features entertainer Jon Cancio, and singer-songwriter Nathan Hartono. Every week, the two discuss everything from film, TV, and video games, to social issues and current affairs. Started in 2015, the podcast previously included topics such as the Black Lives Matter movement, The Last of Us 2, the Singapore Grand Prix, and more.

Good Hang w/ Jon and Nathan is available on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Catch the latest episode here:

Soundclass is an Indonesian interview podcast by Whiteboard Journal’s East Kamang Radio, and hosted by film score composer and member of Jakarta-based band Jirapah, Mar Galo. Inviting guests from an array of backgrounds and fields, Mar talks to them about the songs that have inspired them and influenced their work. Soundclass has previously featured guests in the likes of authors, models, film directors, musicians, and more.

Soundclass is available on all major streaming platforms, including Apple Podcasts, and Spotify, as well as Whiteboard Journal’s official website. Catch the latest episode here:

Hosted by married couple and Cheats bandmates, Saab Magalona and Jim Bacarro, Wake Up With Jim & Saab talks about the couples' adventures as new parents and a married couple. Much like morning conversations with the family, the podcast series acts as a simple conversation on musings on life, culture and music. While often sharing anecdotes from their personal lives, the couple also reviews their favourite films and songs, occasionally inviting guests such as Oh Flamingo!, Reese Lasangan, Ely Buendia, and The Itchyworms.

Wake Up With Jim & Saab is available on all major streaming platforms, including Apple Podcasts, and Spotify. Catch the latest episode here:

Held over a Facebook group, MagpaKyleanman is a podcast hosted by Cheats' Manny Tanglao and Kyle Quismundo. The podcast touches on everything Filipino. Kyle and Manny also often bring guests onboard, with previous episodes featuring Linya-Linya's Ali Sangalang and Reese Lansangan.

Join the podcast's Facebook group to tune in to MagpaKyleanman.AOA's management FNC Entertainment announced that Jimin has decided to "halt all of her activities in the entertainment industry". The management group also apologised and took responsibility for the situation.

K-pop girl group AOA’s management FNC Entertainment has announced that the group’s leader Jimin has left the group.

According to Korean entertainment website soompi.com, the agency released the following statement on Jul 4:

“This is FNC Entertainment. First, we would like to apologize for causing concern to many people through the events related to Jimin that have been unfolding recently. From this moment forth, Jimin has decided to leave AOA and halt all of her activities in the entertainment industry.

Additionally, our agency accepts responsibility for this entire situation, and we will put our full focus on managing our artists (in the future). Once again, we apologize for causing concern through these unfortunate matters.”

Jimin, whose real name is Shin Ji-min was accused of bullying and harassing former AOA member Mina, who took to Instagram on Jul 3 to share multiple posts detailing the ordeal.



READ: Former AOA member Mina reveals evidence of self-harm in response to Jimin's denial of alleged bullying

Mina also posted evidence of self-harm in response to Jimin's initial denial of the alleged bullying on Instagram.

According to Soompi, Mina later shared that Jimin had visited her in person to talk things out and apologise following her posts. Mina then stated in another Instagram post that even though she had decided to accept Jimin’s apology, she wasn’t entirely sure it was sincere.

In addition to apologising to Mina in person, Jimin went on to share a public apology on Instagram on July 4.

Here’s the apology which has been translated from Korean into English:

“I can’t express everything in a short post but I am very, very sorry. I was lacking as a leader and I did wrong. As I carry this regret and sense of guilt, I realise that I did not understand Mina well during the time we spent together and I did not look around me carefully. Yesterday, I cried and apologised and cried again. However, I realize that the emotions that Mina has built up about me over time cannot be easily resolved, so I am very sorry. When I was younger, I believed that our team should only show our good sides to our staff and the world. That’s how I thought during my early twenties, but I realise now that I was lacking a humane side as a leader to lead a team in such a manner. I’m sorry for causing controversy and I’m sorry for writing a statement that is all over the place. More than anything else, I’m sincerely sorry to Mina and the members, who spent a lot of effort for the two of us.”

Mina in turn, responded to Jimin’s Instagram apology with a now deleted post.

“Apologised? You apologised? I’m going to say what I need to say before I go. Yesterday, you said that you acted like that so that I would be set on the right path. Hearing this from the same person who brought a man to the dorms and had [sex]? You should be set on the right path first. At the very least, you shouldn’t have lied. I understand that you will hate me to the end and you don’t want to apologize to me. But what? I will never forget the look in your eyes when you came in. I’ll die and repay you in kind. All the eyes and ears that were at my house, you’re all the same. Shin Ji Min, you’re so lucky, everyone is on your side. You’ve won. I’ve lost. In the end, I’ve lost.”K-Pop-Fans scheinen sogar für eingefleischte Kenner dieses koreanischsprachigen Musikstils noch Überraschungen parat zu haben: Erst kürzlich haben sie den US-Präsidenten glauben lassen, seine Kundgebung im Bundesstaat Oklahoma am 20. Juni werde so gut besucht, dass extra noch eine zweite Bühne aufgebaut werden musste. Ihre Taktik bestand darin, die Anwesenheitsliste mit falschen Namen zu fluten. Als Trump seine Rede in einem fast halbleeren Stadion hielt - die Außenbühne war inzwischen schnell wieder abgebaut worden - wurde deutlich, wie sehr K-Pop-Fans via Twitter und der Video-Sharing-App TikTok politisch Einfluss nehmen können.

Weltweit berichteten die Medien nach der gewaltsamen Tötung des unbewaffneten Afroamerikaners George Floyd durch die Polizei über den sogenannten K-Pop-Vigilantismus. Die Fans, die sich hinter koreanischen Pop-Superstars wie der Boyband BTS, auch bekannt als die Bangtan Boys, zusammenschlossen, spendeten Anfang Juni nicht nur Millionen Euro an Black Lives Matter (BLM), sondern haben seitdem auch Polizei-Apps, die sich mit Fancams gegen BLM-Demonstranten richteten, oder rassistische Hashtags wie #WhiteLivesMatter gekapert.

Bislang beschränkte sich die mediale Berichterstattung auf die harten Wettbewerbsbedingungen innerhalb der K-Pop-Szene. Anlass waren die Selbstmorde einiger ihrer Stars Ende 2019. Ein Grund dafür war auch das Online-Mobbing durch einige Fans.

Im augenblicklichen Hype um den K-Pop-Aktivismus berichten einige allgemein von Anhängern, die - zumindest in Südkorea - dazu neigen, sich von der Politik fernzuhalten. Sie werden "Stans" genannt, ein aus "Stalker" und "Fan" zusammengesetzter Begriff.

Laut Hye Jin Lee, Kommunikationsforscherin der University of Southern California, stammen die jüngsten politischen Interventionen weitgehend von K-Pop-Fans aus den USA. Dass sie für Black Lives Matter und gegen den weißen Nationalismus gekämpft haben, überrasche sie nicht, sagt Lee. "Es gibt eine große Überschneidung zwischen den demografischen Merkmalen der BLM-Bewegung und dem amerikanischen K-Pop-Fantum", sagt sie im Interview mit der DW. "Beide sind multiethnisch, multikulturell und generationenübergreifend", erklärt sie. Und beide seien vor allem von jungen Leuten getragen.

Amerikanische K-Pop-Fans identifizieren sich mit einer Pop-Kultur, die sich weitestgehend vom dominierten Mainstream der Weißen unterscheidet. "Sie sind offener für kulturelle Unterschiede und haben progressive Werte", sagt Lee.

In dem Bemühen, eine asiatische Pop-Subkultur zu "schützen und zu fördern", die aufgrund "imperialistischer, rassistischer und sexistischer Ideologien" marginalisiert bleibe, habe das K-Pop-Fanwesen bereits eine längere Geschichte des politischen Aktivismus im Netz, erklärt Lee. Dieses Engagement reiche von Petitionen und der Organisation von Wohltätigkeitsveranstaltungen über die Bekämpfung von Journalisten, die K-Pop-Stars falsch darstellten, bis hin zum Kauf von Werbeflächen in den Medien, um ihre Idole zu unterstützen.

Anhaltender Kampf von Black Lives Matter und anderer Bewegungen

Anzunehmen, dass diese Fans von Bands wie BTS motiviert wurden, sei ein Irrtum, sagt Lee. BTS hatte eine Million Dollar an BLM gespendet, bevor ihr Fan "Army" den Betrag über ihre #MatchAMillion-Kampagne mehr als ausgeglichen hatte.

"Die gegenwärtige politische Mobilisierung der K-Pop-Fans kann als eine Erweiterung ihres Kampfes gegen Orientalismus, Rassismus, Sexismus und Homophobie gesehen werden", so die Kommunikationsforscherin. "Um K-Pop in den USA akzeptabel und populär zu machen."

BTS ist der größte Act im K-Pop, der die Charts in den USA und Europa anführt. Die Band gilt als tweet-würdiger als Donald Trump - die DW berichtete. Während sich BTS zwar zu einigen sozialen Themen wie psychischer Gesundheit und wirtschaftlicher Ungleichheit äußerte, hätten sie ihre Plattformen aber "nicht dazu benutzt, ihre Fans zu drängen, politisch aktiv zu werden oder gegen die Vorherrschaft der Weißen zu kämpfen", sagt Lee. Sie glaubt, dass die Erklärung von BTS zur Unterstützung von BLM "überhaupt nicht politisch" sei.

Darüber hinaus haben die Band und ihre "Army" seit 2017 philanthropische Kampagnen gefördert, darunter UNICEFs #ENDviolence , und sie unterstützen syrische Flüchtlinge.

Es gibt gute Gründe für die politische Zurückhaltung des K-Pop. "Wenn K-Pop zu politisch aufgeladen wird, werden sich viele Fans abwenden oder bekommen weniger Unterstützung in ihrem Fan-Dasein seitens der Eltern", sagt Roald Maliangkay, außerordentlicher Professor am "College of Asia and the Pacific" der Australian National University in Canberra.

Was er ein "glattes, unternehmerisches" und "hochindustrialisiertes" K-Pop-Business nennt, agiert letztlich im Sinne der Gewinnmaximierung. "K-Pop-Künstler kontrollieren natürlich nicht, wie ihre Arbeit politisch interpretiert wird, aber je stärker das der Fall ist, desto wahrscheinlicher ist es, dass Ticket-Preise sinken", sagt Maliangkay der DW. "Weil K-Pop stark von Live-Auftritten und gewinnorientiertem Sponsoring abhängig ist, müssen die Künstler und deren Agenten konservativ agieren."

Tatsächlich haben laut einem Reuters-Bericht BTS-Fans in Südkorea Kollegen davor gewarnt, sich zu sehr in die US-Politik einzumischen. Der augenblickliche K-Pop-Aktivismus weist auf ein einzigartiges Phänomen hin, gelenkt von einer großen und mächtigen Fan-Basis, die unterschiedlich motiviert ist: eine Antwort auf Rassismus, aber einfach auch die "Freude über eine Zahl Gleichgesinnter und deren Vermögen, als Einheit aufzutreten", sagt Maliangkay.

Doch ohne die ausgesprochene Unterstützung ihrer Idole, wird diese Fan-geleitete Bewegung ihren Antrieb verlieren. "Sie werden vermeiden, ihre Arbeit zu sehr zu politisieren", sagt Maliangkay über die Stars. "Und ich nehme an, dass ihre Agenturen und viele ihrer Fans das ohnehin nicht von ihnen wollten."

In den USA zumindest ist eine andere Art der "K-Pop-Stans" in Erscheinung getreten. Angespornt werden sie von ihrem eigenen anhaltenden Kampf gegen Orientalismus und weiße Vorherrschaft. Das könnte Trump ein Dorn im Auge sein, während seiner Vorbereitungen auf das Rennen um die Präsidentschaftswahl im November.In the latest move in the feud between Donald Trump and a cohort of teenagers on TikTok, the president has started running online ads urging his followers to support his proposed ban on the video sharing app.

First pointed out by New York Times writer Taylor Lorenz, the anti-TikTok ads appeared on Trump’s official Facebook and Instagram pages, and warn supporters that “TikTok is spying on you”. The messaging also encourages fans to “sign the petition now to ban TikTok”, though the click-through link actually goes to a survey where you answer “yes” or “no” to the question of banning TikTok, before inputting your details to be added to Trump’s mailing list.

Trump’s ads assert that TikTok was “caught red handed monitoring what is on your phone’s clipboard”. Though this is true – the app has since said it will remove the feature, which it calls an “anti-spam” measure – it’s also something done by a number of other apps, including Reddit and LinkedIn.

It’s likely Trump is targeting TikTok because of a wave of users mobilising on the app to sabotage his campaign rallies, app, and social media accounts. The feud began when TikTok users galvanised to reserve thousands of seats at the president’s Tulsa rally – his first event since the coronavirus pandemic took hold – which they then left empty, embarrassing Trump, whose team had gloated that one million people had registered for tickets (in the end, just over 6,000 turned up).Allow Gfriend to reintroduce themselves — better yet, allow me to introduce you to the K-pop group for the first time.

Last year, their label, Source Music, was acquired by Big Hit Entertainment, home of BTS, and the sextet seized it as an opportunity to rewrite their playbook. With the July 13 release of their latest EP, 回:Song of the Sirens, the changes are on full display. Not only are the members a part of the album creation process — writing and composing songs, like "Tarot Cards" and "Eye of the Storm" — more than ever before, they're also bringing a bolder aesthetic and glitzier beauty moments to the stage. You can catch a glimpse at this in the exclusive selfies the girls shared with Allure.

Since debuting in 2015, Yuju, the group's main vocalist, tells Allure that GFriend's fans used keywords like "powerful innocence" and "passionate sensibility" to describe their style. For context, the group's first music video "Glass Bead" featured the girls fresh-faced, all with long, raven hair in matching white T-shirts and tennis skirts. They were the epitome of pure youthfulness.

As they've gotten older, the group has gradually moved away from pastels and school uniforms and started changing up their minimalist beauty look: sprinkling in a burgundy hair here, subtle smoky eyes there. Then, lead vocalist Eunha signaled Gfriend's evolution toward edginess by colouring her signature lob watermelon pink in February 2020.

Now, Gfriend hits a crescendo with what they call a "vibrant witch" aesthetic featured in the music video for their new title track, "Apple." (I like to think of it as goth Snow White.) With temptation as its theme, the ladies explore their darker sides with moody lipsticks, razor-sharp liner, and gilded glitter tears.

Sowon, the group's leader, tells Allure she didn't wear much makeup for the previous albums, but it's currently the emphasis of her mystical look. Around the three minute and fifty-second mark of "Apple," you can catch the 24-year-old with shimmering midnight blue shadow blended all over her eyes with a halo of champagne in the middle. Gems were also glued onto the centre of Sowon's lids, and an oxblood stain was painted onto her lips before she secured a fake piercing onto her bottom lip. Right now, she's also trying out dried flower nail art, too. "I usually like to have my nails [painted] nude and decorated with glittering stones," though, Sowon says.

Eunha, 23, experimented with bright blue and purples on her lids and lips for the first time. She's keeping her long nails a neutral hue, though, as she says they match well with everything.

Wanting to try something new, too, lead dancer Yerin, also 23, played around with mascara for a smudged finish. "It pretty without looking too extreme," she adds. "I really like it."

Some of the members dyed their hair vibrant hues while others tried out different hairstyles for the first time, Umji, the group's youngest, points out. Yerin and Eunha went platinum blonde.

"I mixed a little bit of blue in my hair to fit the album's mysterious concept," Yuju adds. She also mirrored the new shade onto her lids with a powder blue shadow and onto her fingers with turquoise jelly nails.

The more exploratory beauty concept of 回:Song of the Sirens has also inspired Yuju to break away from her usual nude nails. "I've been obsessed with bright colours these days, and I've been putting on black and red often," the 23-year-old says. "In the music video, I specifically paid a lot of attention to my nails and even had custom nail parts."

The most striking hair transformation was main dancer SinB's crimson dye job. "I've always wanted to dye my hair red since our previous album 回:LABYRINTH," she says. "I think [the color] matches 'Apple' so well. I totally love it."

SinB, 22, also popped in blue coloured contact lenses to contrast the colour of her hair and coordinated her eye shadow with her outfit, she adds. "I don't have a specific makeup preference," she says. "[But] I'm open to exploring many different styles with our makeup artist. I like trying out various colours of eye shadow based on my outfit." As for her nails, she wants to match them to her hair or add some glitter and gems to them.

While watching their showcase on July 13, I couldn't help but notice the complexions of the ladies of GFriend looking particularly radiant. Turns out, several of the members recently switched up their skin-care routines. Because she's been wearing more makeup than usual, Sowon noticed her skin was getting more sensitive so she swapped in gentler products. Eunha and Yuju are also reaching for more mild face washes, like cleansing milk, instead of cleansing foams. "Cleansing is very important. I can't emphasise this enough," Yerin adds.

While preparing for the comeback, Yerin also says she paid a lot of attention to moisturising her skin. She even doubled up on her nighttime routine, slathering on extra layers of hydrating skin-care products right before she went to sleep. (This is a tip I've also heard from a Korean dermatologist.) Eunha, on the other hand, loads up her lips with a balm before bed to ensure peak smoothness.

Face masks are the key to SinB's routine — no matter what. "I didn't forget to put on face masks every night," she says. Because of this, Sowon, Yerin, and Eunha say she has the most extensive nighttime regime of the group. She agreed, noting, "I use a different type of face mask each day."

Yuju, however, credits Umji as GFriend's most avid skin-care enthusiast, evoking a full sensorial experience in her explanation. "When I pass by her room, I sometimes hear the slapping sound of putting products on her face," Yuju says.

At the moment, Umji is all about an ampoule serum she just discovered that fits her skin type. "I've used [it] every day after applying toner and before putting on the lotion," the 21-year-old says. "Other than that, I used face masks, drank a lot of water, and [focused on] moisturising my skin." She also mentions her recent interest in beauty devices for at-home care.

Throughout their process of maturing from playful schoolgirls to sultry sirens, the women of GFriend have grown as a group and as individuals. I ask them what they've learned about themselves and the way they want to present themselves to the world. Their answers are humbling for people who saw their new music video rack up about seven million views in just one day. All of the members believe they still have more to discover about themselves.

Sowon mentions she has realised she's not as strong as she thought and wants to become "sturdier."

After five years, Yerin says she still doesn't know herself well but hopes "to become a confident person at any time, and anywhere."

SinB has similar thoughts. "I wonder when I would be able to realise my true self," she says. "I want to look into and love myself because I believe that I can make people happier when I can love myself."

Eunha would like to become a more responsible, thoughtful, and caring person in the future, while Yuju wants to be more of a minimalist. "Efforts don't always pay back, but I realised that the process definitely enabled me to learn tips and know-how," she explains. "That's why I want to be a person who can effectively get rid of unnecessary things."

Since debuting, Umji has learned to place value on different aspects of her career. "To be honest, I thought it was important for me to shine and stand out throughout the relentless competition in the early years," she says. "Nowadays, I find happiness in small things and take good care of myself. I think I learned that I could naturally shine in my own way by doing so."It’s honestly kind of amazing how TikTokers can come up with catchy dance moves to songs. They’re SO good that I find myself doing the “Savage” dance in the shower sometimes. No shame here, folks. I know y’all can definitely relate.

On this episode of TikTok Challenge Challenge, we got K-pop boy band

Tomorrow x Together to try to learn some of those viral dances like the one to Megan Thee Stallion’s hit. But the catch? They gotta get them down in just…60 seconds.

This content is imported from {embed-name}. You may be able to find the same content in another format, or you may be able to find more information, at their web site.

The first member to give it a go was Beomgyu, who, um, totally crushed it?! His practice round was already impressive, but the final performance had my jaw drop. The! Effort! Soobin was the next contestant and he was pretty stellar too. My dude even added some of his own extra moves into the mix. We love some originality!

For Yeonjun, we gave him a dance that involved a lottt of hip movement. And you probs won’t be surprised when I tell you that Taehyun and Hueningkai also slayed the choreo we had them do. Boy bands, they can do it all!

Be sure to watch till the end to find out who won and also try out the TikTok dance they created for their single “Can’t You See Me?” out now!





This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.ioThe new wave of Black Lives Matter protests that has swept the US in response to the murder of George Floyd by Minneapolis police on 25 May has generated solidarity actions all over the world, sometimes in unexpected places. One is among fans of Korean pop music (K-pop), many of whom the mainstream media have been surprised to discover stand in solidarity with the BLM movement.

Their activism caught the media’s attention after fans crashed the Dallas Police’s “snitch” app on 31 May. The app was touted as a way to share anonymously “video of illegal activity from the protests” with the Dallas police, but was brought down after a fan of the Korean superstars BTS tweeted about it, causing other fans to begin calling for direct action to keep police from identifying protesters. Soon thousands of BTS and other K-pop fans were flooding the iWatch Dallas app with “fancams” (videos of performers made by fans). Five hours later, the Dallas Police Department announced on Twitter that “due to technical difficulties iWatch Dallas app will be down temporarily”.

The following day, Korean music fans again used fancams to crash a second police “snitch” app, this time one set up by the Grand Rapids Police Department. They also hijacked the #calminkirkland hashtag started by the Kirkland Police in Washington in order to solicit information about BLM protesters, quickly rendering it unusable. Over the next few days, fans hijacked other anti-BLM and pro-white supremacist hashtags, drowning them out with fancams of their favourite artists.

On 20 June, Korean music fans were credited – along with TikTok users – with over-inflating the ticket requests for US president Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally. Prior to the rally, Trump’s campaign manager Brad Parscale bragged that more than 800,000 people had requested tickets. But in the end, Trump failed to fill the 19,000 seat venue, and the additional overflow areas set up to cater for the expected 100,000 strong crowd were closed after only 6,200 people turned up.

While fans of many different K-pop groups have been involved in the online protests, the driving force behind many of the actions has been BTS fans, known officially by their fandom acronym of “ARMY”. With 26.8 million Twitter followers, BTS has been the most tweeted about music artist for the last three years. According to Twitter, tweets about K-pop dominated the platform in 2019, with more than 6.1 billion tweets, up 15 percent from 2018.

While Korean entertainers have historically shied away from political activism, since BTS’s debut in 2013, the band have actively addressed social and political issues in their music, including class, youth alienation, mental health, violence and authoritarianism in the education system, as well as “Hell Joseon” or the impact of neoliberalism on Korean youth.

On 4 June, BTS tweeted their support for the BLM movement, saying, “We stand against racial discrimination. We condemn violence. You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together”. Two days later, BLM coordinators revealed the group had donated US$1 million to the cause. In response, BTS fans began an online campaign to #MatchAMillion. In less than 24 hours, more than 35,000 fans donated US$1.4 million via the donation campaign coordinated by “One In An ARMY” – a charity fanbase. One In An ARMY has previously raised money for numerous causes, including Syrian refugees and COVID-19 relief in poor, working class and vulnerable communities around the world.

While it is a common assumption, particularly by the media, that international K-pop fans are white teenage girls, this is not the reality. “[T]he stereotype is a far cry from the truth”, argues South Korean journalist Yim Hyun-su in the Washington Post in June. “The global K-pop fandom consists of people from varying age groups, of different ethnicities, from all walks of lives, many of whom are part of the LGBTQ community.”

BTS’s global fan base, for example, is predominately made up of people of colour. In the US, Black fans make up a large proportion of not only the BTS fanbase but K-pop fans in general, along with other people of colour. This is primarily because Korean pop music since the 1990s has been strongly influenced by hip-hop, rap and R&B. This influence was noted by Tiger JK, one of the founding artists in South Korea’s hip-hop scene in a solidarity post on Instagram on 1 June: “As musicians doing music and business inspired by Black culture, we need to join the BLM movement”. And while many K-pop fandoms skew younger, BTS’s fandom skews older, with the majority of international fans being in their mid-20s to 40s.

Since the time of the Beatles, female-dominated pop music fandoms have been ridiculed as foolish, shallow and hysterical, while screaming crowds of male sports fans who are equally obsessive and loyal to their favourite team are not trivialised in the same way. Such sexism, notes Yim, “has demonized the word ‘fangirl’ and other things women are passionate about, leading to bizarre stereotypes of who K-pop fans are”.

Professor Candace Epps-Robertson, an academic at the University of North Carolina researching BTS and fandom, explained in a National Public Radio interview on 1 July that such stereotypes and misrepresentations ignore the fact “people enter these fandom communities and spaces with lots of ideas and commitments, some may be political or tied to social issues. ARMY, for example, BTS fandom is a diverse group with a wide range of issues that they care about ... so speaking for myself, as a Black fan, I entered into this space with commitments to social justice that I certainly did not check at the door once I became ARMY”.

The recent online activism by Korean music fans has demonstrated that the politicisation brought about by the BLM movement has turned almost every nook and cranny of society into a site of political struggle and contestation, including in the world of K-pop. The fact that the movement has more allies than enemies in this subculture is encouraging, and shows the potential for solidarity and unity across significant social and cultural divides.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The feeling of watching your favorite singers perform live on stage in front of you is fantastic, and the excitement of a meet-and-greet event afterward is something fans remember for years.

Sadly, events like these have been canceled all over the world due to the coronavirus pandemic, but resourceful organizers have swapped these real-world events to a virtual format, so even though we can’t be there in person, we still have a chance to support and meet our idols.

Unable to hold its planned real-world events in 2020, Korean culture festival KCON went online in June as KCON:TACT 2020 SUMMER, a music-focused virtual event. Among the dozens of artists performing, a personal favorite was playing, so I wanted to know, could a virtual “con” really bring me and other fans closer to our idols?

I discovered that not only can it work, but in some ways it can be even better than the real thing.

Originally set to be held in various cities around the world this year, including Los Angeles and New York, the in-person KCON event had been held several times previously, but its rebirth as the online event KCON:TACT transformed it into a trendsetter.

“KCON:TACT was the first of its kind in terms of scale and length of the event,” Ki Hyun Kim, head of tech creation at CJ ENM, the entertainment company behind the Mnet brand in charge of KCON, told me in an email.

KCON:TACT celebrates Korean pop music, or K-pop, and streamed 24-hours a day for a full week. Iteaturing daily four-hour live performances from dozens of popular K-pop artists, virtual meet-and-greet sessions, special audience participation events, and behind-the-scenes shows, all resulting in 600 total videos by its end.

And in case you think this is a bit of a niche event, KCON:TACT welcomed 4.81 million viewers from 152 countries, and the videos have been watched more than 15 million times.

Despite having no other similar prior online events to learn from, Kim told me KCON:TACT all went according to plan, and more surprisingly, the technology to make it all happen was the easy part.

“There was no special or new equipment used in producing the show. All the streaming equipment and cameras are the same exact ones you would expect to see at any livestreamed concert or event,” Kim said. “Our secret weapon was the people, not the equipment. We had a strong roster of creative directors and technicians who have extensive experience in this area. As with all of our productions, there is nonstop discussion and testing to find the best solution we could rely on, and it paid off when it was finally showtime. Everything ran smoothly.”

Putting on a live show of this scale is still packed full of challenges though, Kim explained.

“The biggest challenge is always the trade-off between creative innovation and a flawless broadcast,” Kim said. “Trying something new and innovative comes with inevitable instability such as technical glitches and hiccups. But with a flawless show being one of the top priorities as a show producer, we have to pull it off on our first try like it is our 10th, while continuously taking on new challenges. This outweighs any technical challenges … .”

Visually, KCON:TACT went far beyond the production values of even the most lavish real-life events, with the live performances taking place on incredible stages. These were created using multiple LED screens on the walls and even the floors, and then extending out beyond the stage itself to create a seemingly endless virtual environment.

It was all very striking and highly polished, but that’s almost a given in these high-tech times. Re-creating the energy and atmosphere present during any live music performance and meet-and-greet session was always going to be much harder. However. I discovered there’s still a surprising amount of energy in a virtual con like this, along with several benefits an in-person event can’t offer at all.

Like what? You were guaranteed the best seat in the house, of course, there were no schedule clashes, and you were instantly able to understand what the performers (many of whom did not speak English) were saying thanks to live subtitles. There was no queuing, no squeezing together for the best spot, no need to watch anything on the screen of someone else’s phone, and no chance of a very tall person suddenly obscuring your otherwise perfect view.

Arguably, there’s nothing here you wouldn’t expect to find at any livestreamed event, so what about the interactive elements?

“During the production process, we spent the most amount of time brainstorming and planning how to make virtual meet and greets feel as real and close as possible to traditional, physical ones. Our focus was on the creative ideas that would increase interactivity,” Kim said.

To find out how successful these were, I spoke to KCON:TACT attendees who won the chance to be a part of their favorite group’s performance. The KCON team utilized Zoom for this element, and had the clever idea of surrounding the virtual stage with individual Zoom screens to make it feel like you were actually there with the performers. Some fans even got the chance to ask questions live.

Miggy, an attendee from the U.S., had a great experience cheering on the Korean/Japanese group Iz*One during the live element of their performance.

“If I compare it to a concert experience, I think it’s pretty close, if not better,” Miggy told me in a Twitter message. “It’s easier to get noticed by the artist since there’s fewer people, and the screen was big. Seeing a screenshot where I was on the screen in front of Iz*One made me happy! Seeing myself on broadcast feels good since it becomes a tangible memory. It was my first K-pop concert ever, so it’s something that I will always remember.”

Saku from South Korea also joined in on Zoom, and felt similarly. “Since our idol can see us on the screen, I felt closer to them, and that made it special,” Saku told me via Twitter messaging.

Those lucky enough to be selected for the live show were asked to submit messages to the group ahead of the show, and this turned out to be very memorable, as Saku’s message appeared on the main screen and was noticed by one of the group’s members. It sounds like a small thing, but this is a crucial part of a live show, and it’s great to see it translate into a virtual event thanks to creative use of videoconferencing.

Like Miggy and Saku, I “attended” KCON:TACT mostly for Iz*One. The moments when the fans who Zoom-called in added to the atmosphere. Just like a real-life event, I saw many happy people who held custom signs like Saku’s, waved light sticks, made heart signs with their hands, and genuinely looked like they were having a fantastic time. The group’s members, too, seemed to enjoy being able to interact with people this way, and when the group has more fun and can see fans enjoying themselves, it adds more life to the performance.

Fel, a fan from Indonesia, had previously seen Iz*One perform in person during KCON 2019 in Los Angeles, and therefore had a slightly different KCON:TACT experience.

“It’s great that I could see my face on the big screen, but it still couldn’t replace the feeling of physically going to an actual concert to watch Iz*One. It’s just a whole different experience and vibe. After seeing them live, it’s pretty hard to feel as much excitement for the online live,” Fel explained to me over Twitter.

There were other problems too. Domi from Germany talked to me about the organizational issues around using an online conferencing system like Zoom during a live concert. Iz*One’s performance came at the end of the four-hour live show, and live attendees were not informed of the time, simply having to wait on the Zoom call until that point. Domi was also disappointed with the live and meet-and-greet aspects:

“The meet and greet itself was really uneventful, since no one got do anything. We were just there,” Domi explained. “The concert was the most fun, since we actually got to cheer the group on.”

Despite this, Domi still enjoyed the show, adding, “It was an experience I would do again, but I somehow expected a bit more.”

It’s early days, and obviously there’s still work to be done. It’s unclear how much negotiation and organization was needed between the KCON team, management, and the groups, but it was likely extensive, and rather last-minute. KCON:TACT will help future events have a better grasp of the logistics surrounding the interactive elements. Despite the downsides, the meet-and-greet sessions still seemed to please most attendees.

In the wake of the canceled real-world KCON shows, KCON:TACT not only helped the company continue its business, but also gave a unique opportunity to K-pop fans around the world to watch and enjoy a live performance, when perhaps they may never have had the chance otherwise. It’s not specific to the fandom-focused con circuit either. Going virtual is a way for the entire live entertainment industry to continue working during the coronavirus pandemic.

Digital streaming and virtual performances are something the industry has been averse to in the past, but that’s changing. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Bonnie Comley, the founder of on-demand theater streaming service BroadwayHD, said: “Producers used to say, ‘We’re not doing it,’ but now they’re saying, ‘When should we do it?’ That’s a 180-degree change from when we launched 4-and-a-half years ago.”

Audiences are also keen. A survey in the U.K. showed 20% of adults now watch music, dance, and theatrical content digitally, and for 27% of them, it was the first time doing so. A massive 51% said they were watching more digital theatrical content than they had before theaters closed. The demand is there from both sides, apparently.

Like Kim said, the technology to carry out this kind of event is there already. With the advent of 5G and ever-faster Wi-Fi, shows are not only going to become more accessible, but the all-important participation options will become more varied in the near future too. KCON:TACT has led the way for other massive fan-focused con events to convert to an online format, including the exciting San Diego Comic-Con at Home event happening between July 22 and 25.

Is it the future?

Thanks to KCON:TACT, I saw a group that I love perform live — and that might be the only time I’ll ever do so. While not as memorably all-encompassing as actually attending a stadium and being part of an audience, I still felt closer to not just the group performing, but also other fans through social media and live chat during it. There is a lot I’ll remember, and I’m sure I’m not the only one to feel this way.

On a technical level, the industry is up to speed, but coming up with more inventive ways to involve the audience, as well as greater opportunities for us to connect with groups and stars on a personal level without signature sessions or handshake events, will be crucial to people paying out for the chance to get involved.

There’s still plenty to learn about what works and what doesn’t, but as the first of its kind, KCON:TACT makes me excited for the future of virtual events, where meeting our idols is as important as seeing them perform. They can obviously never entirely replace the electric atmosphere we love about actual live events; but in the absence of such things taking place, it’s refreshing to know virtual alternatives can work.
• 4 ways 2020 changed the tech I use, and 1 way it hasn’t at all
• Like a futuristic phone booth, PORTL lets you communicate via full-body hologram
• The best tips for using Zoom
• How Line’s successful online-only DevDay paves the way for a hybrid event future
• The 15 best movies about musicK-pop singer-songwriter Kang Daniel is scheduled to hold his first online fan meeting at 7 p.m. local time on July 25.

Dubbed 2020 Kang Daniel 1st Anniversary Ontact Fan Meeting "Dan1tyst", the event will commemorate the first anniversary of Kang’s solo debut. The word "ontact" is said to be derived from “online” and “untact”, meaning non-face-to-face.

The fan meeting will be live-streamed and tickets are available on kiostix.com in two categories, Regular and Regular + VOD (video on demand). The latter category will allow viewers to watch the rerun. Prices start at Rp 300,000 (US$20.77) for the Regular category.

The fan meeting will air in 10 countries, including Indonesia, Korea, Japan, China, the Philippines, the United States and Hong Kong, on streaming platforms that include Apple TV, Joox, Seezn and Kavecon.

KiosTix.com chief growth officer of Andhika Soetalaksana hoped the fan meeting would entertain those who had longed for K-pop events amid the COVID-19 pandemic.

Born on Dec. 10, 1996, Kang is a former member of K-pop boyband Wanna One. Following the group’s disbandment in 2019, Kang established his own agency, Konnect Entertainment. The fan meeting is a collaboration between South Korean electronics and entertainment company Dreamus with Konnect Entertainment. (wir/wng)In interviews, the members speak highly of family members who have motivated them to work hard. Beomgyu, speaking to Refinery 29, “credits his mother for his resilience.” Huening Kai’s father is a musician who encouraged him to play several instruments. But despite technical training in the art of musical performance, little prepares one for K-pop superstardom. The members of TXT admit that the journey has been eye-opening.

Yeonjun, the eldest member of the group, has been open about his struggles as the member who trained the longest prior to the group's debut, and Taehyun shared that the group’s first few meetings were a bit awkward. “It was a brand-new environment that we were not used to, but after meeting a few times, I think we really got familiar with each other,” he explains. Beomgyu says he was surprised when the group first met, because “all of the other members were really good-looking.”

Instead of letting their fears and insecurities hold them back, TXT leaned into the desire to succeed, with songs like “Maze in the Mirror,” written entirely by the group and produced by Beomgyu, the soft-spoken vocalist who has performed covers of Radiohead and Glen Hansard in the past. “It’s our first self-penned song; it’s one that tells our story,” says Yeonjun, a main rapper for TXT who fell in love with dancing after joining a club at school. “It’s a story about us.”

In that same vein, Taehyun mentions “Sweat,” a “hidden” track that the group released this year. Translated, the lyrics read, “Remember the moments we soaked with sweat. To look back on these days when our dream has been met. We can make it with the five of us together.” The song is a thinly-veiled story of working hard to obtain a goal. “It’s not a song that’s on the album, but it’s a song that we released for our fans online,” he explains. “It’s a song that contains our story and how we’ve grown.”

TXT’s professional growth has been directly impacted by the public ascent to megafame. Some of the intensity around K-pop artists comes from their fans online, who promote them and defend them with equal fervor. Like many contemporary pop artists, TXT has a following, but the level of dedication from their fans is high. This is something all five members are very aware of, and it’s given them a sense of obligation to make intentionally uplifting music. “We learned to be more cautious of what we say and how we act because we now know that we can influence others in the world,” they told Buzzfeed in a recent interview. “We think we’ve become more responsible and that we’re able to keep a more professional mindset.”

By wearing their hearts on their lyrical sleeves, the members of TXT have fostered a tight-knit relationship with their fan base MOA, an acronym for “Moments of Alwaysness.” The Korean word Moa also means to gather or collect, and per Dispatch, the sum total of the phrasing means “gathering pieces of dreams to fulfill a mutual dream of TXT and fans.” The group regularly connects with fans online, especially on the Big Hit fan community platform Weverse, where they encourage fans to study, reply to love letters, and pen diary entries for fans to read. “I think it’s great that we can create music that appeals and resonates with a new generation of fans and listeners,” says TXT’s shy leader Soobin, who keeps morale high among the group through jokes, dancing, and encouragement. “We enjoy making songs for people in their teens and 20s, and it’s fulfilling. We are growing as part of the process as well, so we want to keep making music that can resonate with this generation.”

TXT has shown that they're willing to be emotionally vulnerable in their music, but they're not trying to grow up too fast. They're relatable and goofy, but they also celebrate how each member has got his own thing going on. In this global boy band golden age, TXT is the musical equivalent of watching actual teenage actors play teens on television, instead of ultraglamorous but unreal mid-twentysomethings.One song, five new records

The group received millions of views within 24 hours

K-Pop group BLACKPINK can do no wrong.In fact, everything they touch turns to gold, as evident by their newest music video.The all-girl band has broken five Guinness World Records with their latest single "How You Like That".The South Korean group managed to garnerwithin 24 hours of uploading their new single on YouTube, breaking three new records at one go.BLACKPINK's new video received the highest number of YouTube views within 24 hours, the highest number of music video views and highest number of views for a K-Pop music video within a day.They also broke two records for the live premiere of the "How You Like That" video: the most viewed YouTube video, and the most viewed YouTube music video premiere within 24 hours.Previously, another famous K-Pop group, the ever popular BTS, held the record, together with US singer Halsey, for their single "Boy With Luv".​The video received 74.6 million views within 24 hours.With five new records in the bag for just one song, one could only imagine how many records will break when BLACKPINK releases their brand new album.Ilustrasi. Para pemuda pemudi Korea sedang berlatih tarian K-Pop. Foto/laweekly.com

K-pop Milik Siapa Saja

Pada akhir September 2019, ribuan mahasiswa di sejumlah kota besar Indonesia turun ke jalan memprotes beberapa isi Rancangan Undang-Undang (RUU) yang dibahas oleh pemerintah dan DPR. Berdasarkan amatan Tirto , demo bertajuk “Reformasi Dikorupsi” ini terutama menyorot revisi UU KPK yang ditakutkan dapat menjegal upaya penanganan korupsi dan Rancangan KUHP yang mengancam demokrasi dan kebebasan sipil. Mahasiswa juga mengungkapkan kekecewaan terhadap kinerja buruk DPR dalam memperjuangankan kebijakan-kebijakan terkait lahan, kesejahteraan buruh, dan penghapusan kekerasan seksual.Ismail Fahmi dari Drone Emprit memiliki temuan data mengejutkan tentang tren tagar Twitter Indonesia selama 23-24 September ketika aksi demo mulai menyeruak di berbagai daerah. Tagar #ReformasiDikorupsi memiliki volume percakapantertinggi, diikuti oleh #TurunkanJokowi di peringkat kedua. Menariknya,di posisi tiga besar berasal dari klaster Generasi Y dan akun penggemar musik K-Pop. Kelompok ini mendominasi tagar berjudul #DiperkosaNegara denganfigur publik @awkarindan akun pecinta K-pop @beautifulyoongoYang menjadi perhatian di sini adalah, pengikut akun @awkarinkala ituberjumlah 372.000 sedangkan akun @beautifulyoongo hanya 133. Namun, akun @beautifulyoongojustru mendapat respons paling banyak, yakni hingga 24.000-andibandingkan dengan @awkarinyang hanya separuhnya.Cuitan dari akun @beautifulyoongo diisi dengan cuplikan video demonstrasi mahasiswa yang menyemut. Pemilik akun menjelaskan kerumunan massa tersebut bukanlah penikmat konser K-pop, tetapi mahasiswa Indonesia yang tengah mendemo pemerintah karena telah membuat undang-undang yang berpotensi merugikan rakyat. Walaupunyang diramaikan oleh akun penggemar K-pop dan pengikutnya ini volumenya lebih sedikit daripada tagar utama #ReformasiDikorupsi, jumlah mereka tetaplah signifikan untuk menunjukkan betapa mengguritanya jangkauan tangan penggemar K-pop di jagat maya.Pada pertengahan Juni 2020, pecinta K-pop di Indonesia turut menyuarakan dukungan terhadap komika Bintang Emon. Setelah berkomentar jenaka tentang kejanggalan dalam kasus hukum Novel Baswedan , Bintang sempat dituduh olehsebagai pengguna narkoba, meskipun tuduhan itu terbantahkan oleh hasil tes lab . Sebagaimana diwartakan oleh CNN Indonesia , sejumlah penggemar K-pop di Twitter meriuhkan tagar #BintangEmonBestBoy, yang volume kicauannya mencapai 9.000-an pada hari ketika tuduhan konsumsi narkoba dilayangkan kepada Bintang. Beberapa contoh kicauan menunjukkan kesadaran pengunggah bahwa semangat militansi pecinta K-pop bisa digunakan untuk menebar kebaikan:Sementara itu, komunitas penggemar K-pop di Amerika Serikat berpartisipasi dalam gerakan anti-rasisme Black Lives Matter(BLM) dan melawan kebrutalan polisi setelah insiden kematian pria kulit hitam George Floyd di tangan polisi Minneapolis pada pengujung Mei lalu. Aksidi sosial media dimulai dengan menyerang aplikasi iWatch milik Departemen Kepolisian Dallas di Texas.Bersamaan dengan merebaknya aksi demo, pihak kepolisian Dallas meminta bantuan masyarakat untuk mengunggah foto atau rekaman “aktivitas ilegal selama protes berlangsung”. Namun, dilaporkan dalam The Dallas Morning News , beberapa jam kemudian aplikasi iWatch malah macet karena dibanjiri olehatau video klip penampilan panggung bintang K-pop yang direkam oleh penonton konser. Rupanya, ada ajakan dari akun penggemar K-pop @7soulsmap untuk mengacaukan aplikasi tersebut dengan unggahan-unggahan idola K-pop agar identitas para demonstran BLM terlindungi. Tak berapa lama kemudian, seperti diberitakan oleh Newsweek , serangan video K-pop ikut membanjiri portal-portal milik Departemen Kebakaran Philadelphia serta kepolisian Kirkland dan Grand Rapids yang awalnya, sama seperti polisi Dallas, meminta partisipasi publik untuk melaporkan aksi kriminal yang dilakukan oleh demonstran.Selain itu, The Verge (a) mengamati bagaimana komunitas pecinta K-pop menyasar tagar #MAGA (slogan kampanyeoleh Presiden Donald J. Trump) dan tagar pembelaan terhadap aparat kepolisian #BlueLivesMatter. Serangan ini dilancarkan seiring Trump mengancam akan mengerahkan militer guna membubarkan demonstrasi BLM. Unggahan-unggahan bertagar haluan kanan itu akhirnya dipenuhi olehK-pop dan meme-memeyang bermaksud mengejek gerakan-gerakan tersebut. BBC mencatat pula akun-akunyang meramaikan tagar #AllLivesMatter dan #WhiteLivesMatter denganAkibatnya, walaupun tagar-tagar tersebut jadi populer di Twitter dan Instagram, kontennya tidak mengandung pesan-pesan yang mendukung aparat kepolisian, gerakan MAGA maupun pandangan rasis dan konservatif lainnya.Sebagai salah satuyangnya disebar oleh para penggemar selama protes anti-rasisme berlangsung, Bangtan Boys atau dikenal dengan BTS juga menyatakan dukungan terhadap gerakan BLM melalui akun Twitter resmi yang pengikutnya nyaris berjumlah 27 juta. Tak lama setelah kicauan tersebut diunggah, media hiburan Variety mengumumkan bahwa BTS beserta tim manajemen Big Hit Entertainment telah berdonasi sebesar 1 juta USD (kurang lebih 14 miliar rupiah) untuk gerakan BLMPernyataan publik ini pun menggerakkan jutaan penggemar BTS yang dikenal sebagai ARMY (Adorable Representative M.C for Youth) untuk ikut menggalang donasi. Seperti dilansir dari The New York Times salah satu klub penggemar bernamaberhasil menggalang dana lebih dari 1 juta USD selama kurang dari dua hari sejak pemberitaan donasi oleh BTS. Mereka juga mengerahkan penggemar BTS lainnya untuk menyemarakkan tagar #MatchAMillion di sosial media agar target donasi segera tercapai.Akhir Juni ini, The New York Times melaporkan sejumlah klaim dari penggemar K-pop dan remaja pengguna TikTok yang memesan tiket gratis untuk kampanye Trump namun tidak menghadirinya. Tindakan tersebut dengan cepat terorganisir di jaringan penggemar K-pop dan pengguna Tiktok setelah akun resmi tim kampanye Trump mengumumkan dibukanya pendaftaran tiket kampanye gratis secara daring. CNN juga menemukan unggahan video yang dilihat lebih dari 300.000 kali, khususnya mengajak para penggemar BTS, untuk ikut mempermainkan kampanye Trump. Ketika akhirnya kampanye berlangsung di Tulsa, Oklahoma tanggal 20 Juni lalu, terbukti bahwa acaranya tidak terlalu ramai. Kapasitas stadium 19.000 ribu kursi tidak terpenuhi, terlepas dari pengakuan Trump bahwa terdapat 1 juta konfirmasi kehadiran. Walaupun sulit dipastikan besaran perandan remaja pemain Tiktok dalamkampanye tersebut, patut diakui bahwa sedikit-banyak mereka sudah ikut mewarnai konstelasi politik Amerika modern.Aktivisme pecinta K-pop sebelumnya sudah terekam di negara-negara lain. Tahun 2018 silam, akun-akunturut menyemarakkan tagar #WeWantJustice sebagai dukungan terhadap demonstrasi mahasiswa di Bangladesh yang menuntut keamanan di jalanan setelah kasus meninggalnya dua pelajar karena kecelakaan lalu lintas. Selain itu, diberitakan oleh Newsweek bahwapernah dituding oleh pemerintah Chili sebagai biang penyebar komentar-komentar anti-polisi di media sosial ketika pada Oktober 2019 berlangsung protes mahasiswa yang menuntut penyelesaian isu-isu ketimpangan kelas sosial dan upah di Chili. Pada awal tahun ini, The Independent meliput donasi paket sarapan dari komunitasBTS untuk Magic Breakfastbadan amal di London yang mendistribusikan sarapan bergizi untuk anak-anak kurang beruntung di Britania Raya. Di Korea Selatan, Reuters mengabarkan para penggemar militanBTS berdonasi untuk menanggulangi COVID-19.Seperti yang sudah kita saksikan di berbagai negara, komunitas pecinta musik K-pop menunjukkan antusiasme dan solidaritas tinggi terhadap isu-isu sosial dan politik. Sebagian besar memulainya dengan advokasi secara daring dan sebagian lain mewujudkannya melalui donasi. Mobilisasi di komunitas penggemar inilah yang disebut oleh Henry Jenkins sebagai “” atau aktivisme penggemar, yakni keterlibatan sipil dan partisipasi politik yang tumbuh dari dalam kebudayaanitu sendiri. Lazimnya, menurut Jenkins, aksi-aksi tersebut merupakan respons terhadap minat yang sama-sama dimiliki olehpenggemar, yang dilakukan melalui infrastruktur praktik-praktik dan relasi antarpenggemar yang sudah ada, serta dibingkai dengan metafora-metafora yang ditarik dari budaya partisipasi dan budaya populer.Berpegang pada pandangan Jenkins di atas, menguatnya arus aktivisme K-poppers belakangan ini tidak terlepas dari fanatisme yang tumbuh subur di dalam komunitas penggemar K-pop. Hal ini terutama didukung oleh kemudahan akses digital untuk mengonsumsi, mendistribusikan dan mereproduksi budaya populer.pernah mengulas militansi pecinta K-pop di Indonesia yang ditunjukkan dengan mengoleksi pernak-pernik resmi, menonton konser di luar negeri, serta meningkatkan popularitas grup idola dengan memperbanyakvideo musik mereka.yang didominasi kaum muda ini termasuk generasi melek teknologi yang cepat menguasai beragam teknik untuk mempopulerkan kabar-kabar terbaru tentang idola mereka di jejaring komunikasi daring. Tak jarang, mereka dilabeli oleh orang awam sebagai kelompok yang menyebalkan karena obsesi berlebihan mereka dalam membela idola di media sosial ataupun kesan konsumtif yang diperlihatkan melalui hobi koleksimahaldan gaya hidup kekorea-koreaan. Namun, ketika semangat tersebut dikerahkan untuk mendukung aksi kemanusiaan dan gerakan politik, dampaknya sangatlah masif.Secara historis, dunia kepenggemaran atauK-pop di Korea Selatan cenderung eksklusif pada ekspresi kekaguman penggemar terhadap idolanya. Hal ini disampaikan lebih jauh dalam korespondensi CNN dengan dosen tamu Departemen Bahasa dan Budaya Asia Timur di Indiana University Bloomington, CedarBough Saeji. Umumnya, menurut Saeji, dulu penggemar memberikan hadiah kepada idola K-pop. Namun, sejak dua dekade lalu, para bintang meminta penggemar untuk mulai mengalihkan pemberian tersebut ke badan amal atau mendonasikannya. Ekspresi kekaguman yang awalnya bersifat personal pun bergeser menjadi aksi sosial yang dilakukan secara kolektif atas nama idola kesayangan, yang akhirnya bisa meningkatkan citra positif si artis.Ketika musik K-pop menjadi fenomena global, politisasi K-pop oleh para penggemarnya menjadi tidak terhindarkan, terutama di kalangan muda yang tengah menumbuhkan rasa peka dan kritis terhadap isu-isu sosial dan politik di sekitarnya. Di Amerika Serikat, Saeji menjelaskan kepada The New York Times bahwa para penggemar K-pop berasal dari kelompok muda yang progresif secara sosial, berpandangan terbuka, serta cakap berinteraksi di platform daring. Saeji menekankan para penggemar K-pop bersedia belajar tentang kebudayaan baru demi menelusuri minat terhadap produk budaya populer. Dengan karakter demikian, ditambah dedikasi tinggi terhadap K-pop, bisa dipahami mengapaAmerika sangat menggebu-gebu membela gerakan anti-penindasan terhadap orang kulit hitam dan melawan ideologi rasis sayap kanan yang selama ini kentara dalam kampanye-kampanye Trump.Selain itu, interpretasi oleh penggemar terhadap konten musik K-pop atau pesan dari idola turut berkontribusi terhadap ekspresi politik mereka. Penulis blogbernama pena T.K. Park menyampaikan kepada: “Walaupun pesan dari musik K-pop tidak mesti terang-terangan bersifat politis, acapkali isinya adalah tentang pemberdayaan dan kepercayaan diri. Banyak penggemar K-pop baru, misalnya, tertarik denganBTS karena pesan ‘cintailah dirimu sendiri’ yang beresonansi kuat dengan mereka.” Park menambahkan, pesan tersebut mendorong penggemar untuk lebih ekspresif dalam berbagai aspek kehidupan termasuk politik, terlebih karena kontennya menarik audiens yang kebanyakan terdiri dari perempuan dan orang kulit berwarna.Pada tahun 2018, UNICEF danBTS meluncurkan program pendidikan, pelatihan kerja, dan pemberdayaan bagi kaum muda, Generation Unlimited . BTS, diwakili oleh personel Kim Nam-joon atau RM, memberikan pidato di Majelis Umum PBB yang isinya menggugah kaum muda untuk mencintai diri sendiri dan berani berekspresi. RM juga menekankan bahwa selama ini BTS aktif memasukkan pesan-pesan membangun tersebut dalam produk musik mereka. “Siapapun dirimu, dari mana pun asalmu, apapun warna kulit dan identitas gendermu,” seru RM di penghujung pidato.Menariknya, politisasi K-pop yang disemarakkan oleh para penggemar K-pop di Indonesia, Amerika Serikat dan negara lainnya ini terlihat sangat spontan dan kilat. Contohnya,Amerika sudah aktif mengkampanyekan BLM di sosial media bahkan sebelumBTS memberikan dukungan resminya. Seperti dilansir dari The Atlantic hal ini menunjukkan para penggemar kini lebih tertarik untuk melihat pergerakan massa yang muncul dari dalamsendiri, dan mereka bisa mewujudkannya dengan mudah. Pada saat yang sama, mereka masih menganggap para idola tetap punya kewajiban untuk mendukung tujuan atau gerakan tertentu.Namun, industri kreatif K-pop yang berhasil melahirkan jutaandari beragam latar sosial budaya ini sebenarnya punya riwayat kontroversial terkait isu rasisme. Pelaku industri K-pop, termasuk BTS, pernah dituduh telah berbuat rasis terhadap orang kulit hitam karena melakukan apropriasi kultural. Di satu sisi, sejumlah produksi musik K-pop berkiblat pada budaya musik hip-hop yang berkembang dari komunitas seniman kulit hitam.Dilansir dari National Public Radio (NPR), banyak penggemar berkulit hitam yang selama ini merasa tidak dihiraukan olehlainnya ketika mengangkat isu rasisme di dalam komunitas penggemar, sampai-sampai ada yang menganggap bahwa gerakan BLM yang digaungkan oleh sejumlahterkesan dangkal atau hanya di permukaan.Menjamurnya aktivisme politik oleh penggemar K-pop menunjukkan betapa suksesnya industri musik Korea Selatan menggebrak pasar dunia. Keberhasilan industri musik K-pop ini tak lepas dari peranan pemerintah Korea Selatan selaku pemangku kebijakan, perusahaan agensi dan para artis sebagai pekerja industri, danyang mengonsumsi K-pop itu sendiri.Pada dekade 90-an, tepatnya sejak krisis finansial 1997 melanda Asia, pemerintah Korea Selatan menyadari bahwa negaranya tak bisa bergantung sepenuhnya pada tenaga kerja murah dan industri manufaktur. Kebudayaan pun didudukkan sebagai industri yang potensial dan layak ekspor untuk membantu pertumbuhan ekonomi nasional, sekaligus sebagai alat strategis pembangun citra bangsa di mata dunia. Berdasarkan studi Seung-Ho Kwon dan Joseph Kim berjudul “The cultural industry policies of the Korean government and the Korean Wave” (2012), dukungan pemerintah untuk drama, film, musik, dan permainandaring semakin santer diberikan sejak awal dekade 2000-an melalui bantuan teknologi informasi, penyediaan staf ahli, pendanaan, dan program pendampingan ekspor. Kwon dan Kim mencontohkan keterlibatan pemerintah dalam mempersiapkan pertunjukan musik internasional dan mensubsidi konser-konser yang dikelola oleh agensi-agensi musik besar (SM Entertainment, Cube Entertainment dan Star Kingdom).Menurut data dari portal statistik Statista , nilai ekspor industri musik Korsel antara rentang tahun 2005 sampai 2017 mencapai 513 juta USD, dengan total pekerja di industri ini mencapai 77.000 orang pada 2017. International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) dalam “ Global Music Report 2019” (PDF) mencatat naiknyaatau pertumbuhan pendapatan Korsel dari pasar industri musik sebesar 17,9 %. Dilansir dari IFPI, perwakilan aplikasi musikberbayar Spotify menyatakan adanya 100 juta aktivitasartis K-pop di Peru, Kanada, Perancis, dan Turki pada 2018.Tak mengherankan apabila John Lie dalam “K-Pop: Popular Music, Cultural Amnesia, and Economic Innovation in South Korea” (2014)berkomentar, “Formula musik K-pop didorong oleh pertimbangan pasar, bukan soal artistik; logika K-pop adalah logika kapital.”Namun, bukan berarti K-pop mengesampingkan kualitas artistik. Justru komponen ini digodok habis-habisan supaya laku dijual. “Sebagai industri berorientasi ekspor,” tulis Lie, industri K-pop “melatih dan mengolah bakat-bakat mentah yang menjanjikan dan melahirkandengan wajah dan tubuh atraktif yang bisa menyanyi, menari, berkolaborasi dengan mulus dan harmonis”. Profesionalisme dan perfeksionisme inilah yang dikapitalisasi, yang tentu membuat konsumen puas karena uang yang mereka bayar setimpal dengan kualitas hiburan K-pop.K-pop adalah komoditas yang berharga bagi negara, pelaku industri, dan penggemar. Melalui berbagai kebijakan dan pendanaan, pemerintah Korsel menyokong K-pop sebagai bagian dari strategi ekspansi ekonomi nasional. Kemudian, pelaku industri K-pop bekerja keras menghasilkan bakat-bakat baru dan meningkatkan kualitas konten untuk menaikkan angka penjualan. Baru-baru ini konsumen turut memanfaatkan K-pop untuk menyuarakan aspirasi politik mereka. Tak sampai di situ, organisasi PBB pun menggandengBTS sebagai duta pemberdayaan kaum muda dunia. K-pop menjadi bukti bahwa budaya populer bisa dicintai dan dinikmati oleh berbagai kalangan, mulai dari konsumen, kelompok kapitalis, sampai elite birokrat.Sekar Kinasih menyelesaikan studi Kajian Asia-Pasifik di Australian National University dan Sastra Jepang di Universitas Gadjah Mada. Mempelajari kebudayaan, gender, dan politik dari perspektif sejarah.Want to learn Korean the fun way? Then tune in Friday, to “Let’s Talk Oppa!,” an Inquirer podcast that teaches Korean phrases using dialogue from K-dramas and K-pop lyrics.

The show, powered by pioneering podcast network PumaPodcast, will help listeners better understand the K-programs they watch and the music they listen to, while giving them a deeper look at Korean culture.

Inquirer Super K editor Ruth Navarra-Mayo hosts the podcast, where she interviews experts about the Korean language and lifestyle.

“I want to emphasize the differences and similarities between Korea and the Philippines. This is what sets the show apart from other Korean language lessons you will find anywhere else. This show is tailored for Filipino Hallyu fans,” said Mayo, who pioneered the Philippine Daily Inquirer’s Korean entertainment subsection, Super K, two years ago.

The podcast will explain terms used in K-dramas like “Crash Landing on You” and “The King: Eternal Monarch,” as well as lyrics from popular K-pop artists like BTS.

“Let’s Talk Oppa!” will be available on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, Anchor and other podcast apps starting July 24. A new episode will be out every two weeks.Despite languishing toward the bottom of the LCK standings, the team is making big business moves.

The well-known K-pop idol from the South Korean-Chinese boy group Exo joins a handful of other Korean artists, like Niel from the band Teen Top and Sohyeon of G-Idle, who have gotten involved in esports.

Kim Ok-jin of APE Sports commented on the emergence of esports interest from the Korean entertainment industry. “Elements of traditional sports and entertainment coexist in esports, so we believe that the partnership with Sehun of EXO, who found incredible global success in the entertainment industry, will be of great help,” Kim Ok-jin told Inven Global.

APE Sports’ esports brand SeolHaeOne Prince operates teams in various titles, like PUBG, Teamfight Tactics, and VALORANT. But the organization is most well known for its presence in League of Legends.

Under the name APK Prince, the organization entered the LCK this year, going 6-12 in the 2020 LCK Spring Split. SeolHaeOne Prince now has a 1-9 record in the 2020 LCK Summer Split.

SeolHaeOne is one of 21 organizations that has reportedly applied to join the franchised LCK in 2021.KATHMANDU: Jay Park, singer-songwriter, entrepreneur, and head of hip-hop label AOMG has hinted at his retirement, again.

Sharing a snippet of his song Encore from his new EP Nothing Matters on Instagram on July 3, he captioned it: “I think I’ve done my best and feel like I can leave without regrets,” according to Kpopstarz.

Park had hinted at early retirement in a 2018 interview: “I think I’m going to retire early. It’s not easy to always pour out my energy for so many people.”

He had confirmed the news again in a 2019 tweet, reports the portal.

Park had cited that there was not enough space in the game for guys like him.

Jay Park made his debut with 2PM in 2008 as the group’s leader and rapper. He was known as Jaebeom then. In 2009, he withdrew from the group after unfavourable comments towards Korea were found in his MySpace account of 2005. He ended up leaving the company and the group in 2010.

In 2013, he found his own label AOMG, a hip-hop entertainment label that is home to numerous Korean hip-hop artistes.

Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookDe plus en plus de fans de pop coréenne se mobilisent pour combattre les discriminations raciales. Cette "militantisation" montante est un phénomène nouveau, fortement lié au groupe BTS, qui prône des valeurs telles que l’acceptation de soi et la protection des minorités.

"La K-Pop est profondément multiculturelle. Elle est consommée sur tous les continents et regroupe des personnes blanches, noires, asiatiques, latino", analyse Emilie Luthringer, étudiante en Master-Asie à l'Université de Genève, dans le Point J.

"Il y a une sorte de solidarité qui se crée entre les fans qui ont une couleur de peau différente, mais qui se sentent appartenir à la même famille et qui s’allient pour lutter contre les discriminations raciales", poursuit-t-elle.

La 'militantisation' des fans de K-Pop est attisée par un groupe en particulier, BTS, qui veut mettre à profit sa notoriété afin d’avoir un impact positif sur la société. On est dans de l’action citoyenne Emilie Luthringer, Étudiante en Master-Asie à l'Université de Genève

Ainsi, la K-Pop donne un espace d’expression à la jeunesse, qui peut désormais parler sur les réseaux sociaux des thèmes qui lui tiennent à cœur - l’égalité raciale et sexuelle ainsi que les droits des minorités.

Juliane Roncoroni et l'équipe du Point JSosok Kwon Mina tengah menjadi buah bibir tak hanya di Korea namun di kalangan penggemar Kpop seluruh dunia.

Kwon Mina debut sebagai anggota AOA pada 30 Juli 2012.

Sosoknya saat itu langsung mencuri perhatian karena wajahnya yang cantik.

Mina dinilai sebagai salah satu member tercantik di grup tersebut.

Gadis yang berasal dari Busan ini keluar dari AOA pada tahun 2019.
• Lagi, Video Bukti Bully yang Dilakukan Jimin Eks AOA, Pernah Sebut Mina Member Paling Menyebalkan
• Setelah Mina, Choa Diduga Pernah Di-Bully Jimin, Barang Eks Member AOA Ini Sering Disembunyikan

Hingga baru-baru ini Mina membongkar pengalaman hidupnya selama menjadi anggota AOA.

Dirinya mengaku menjadi korban bully oleh Jimin yang merupakan mantan rekannya di AOA.

Dalam pengakuan yang ia ungkap di media sosial itu, Mina mengaku mengalami bullying selama 10 tahun saat menjadi anggota AOA.South Korea is home to some of the biggest and most passionately loved musicians in the world, from record-breaking girl band Blackpink to chart-smashing supergroup SuperM. But K-pop isn’t Asia’s sole sound. Its success has undoubtedly broken boundaries for the globally celebrated music coming out of the continent, but it is indeed that — a continent. The underground club scene in Beijing differs considerably from the hip-hop made in Manila, and there’s a wealth of exciting new ideas and sounds emerging from across the diaspora.

Here are six artists of Asian heritage merging numerous influences to create some of the most innovative music on our playlists.

If there was ever an indication that you’re on the right path as a musician, opening for Taylor Swift as a 15-year-old is one of them. That’s what Indonesian songwriter/multi-instrumentalist/ producer NIKI achieved when Swift played Jakarta in 2014 and chose the then-teen as support.

Now 21 years old, her audience has grown exponentially. Like many Gen-Z artists, NIKI initially established herself by singing covers on YouTube, before crafting a unique R&B sound influenced largely by ’90s artists such as Boyz II Men and Aaliyah, who her mother would play around the house. Now signed to 88rising — a crew-cum-label that specialises in giving a platform to Asian and Asian-American artists — NIKI has built a loyal fanbase of more than a million Instagram followers and over 223,000 YouTube subscribers. Mindful of her social responsibility as an Asian artist, she’s using that platform for good, inspiring the next generation, particularly women, who are under-represented in the industry.

Only a few years back, 24-year-old Rome Gomez (No Rome) was in Manila, Philippines, weighing up whether to focus his days on design or music. When The 1975’s creative director Samuel Burgess-Johnson slid into his DMs about his artwork, Gomez used the chance to plug the music he was working on. A few weeks later, The 1975’s lead singer Matty Healy and the band’s record label, Dirty Hit, offered him a deal and a few months after that, he was living in London, writing songs with the band and reaping the rewards from Narcissist — a brilliantly produced, silky smooth collaboration that has racked up millions of plays, including more than 10 million on YouTube alone to date. Since then, Gomez has expanded from pop to a more bold and experimental sound, which continues to set him apart as an emerging talent with a unique tone of voice.

Born in Watford to Chinese and Jamaican parents, Griff, 19, is clearly cut from a different cloth. Through her R&B-infused pop, she sings more about her relationship with herself than other people (a true Gen-Z creative) and as well as producing her own music and styling her own videos, she makes her own clothes, too.

She’s multicultural, multi-hyphenated, and multi-talented. After keeping her talents quiet from her peers during school, she released her first project The Mirror Talk EP the same week she finished her A-levels, and in the 12 months since has been added to BBC Music’s Introducing playlist and hit 1.5m monthly streams. It’s tempting to lump Griff in with other ‘bedroom pop’ artists, but those four walls can’t confine this utterly unique teenager.

Iloilo City-born Bea Kristi (Beabadoobee), 20, is a product of her generation. She had already built 100k Instagram followers before officially releasing her debut single, Coffee, which is impressive in itself. Her brand of DIY homemade pop caught the eye of The 1975’s label, Dirty Hit, and she’s since rocketed to the 58th most-streamed artist in the world. That’s mostly thanks to Powfu’s sampling of Coffee, which blew up on TikTok, keeping it in the UK charts for 18 weeks and peaking at number four. All signs point to the fact we should expect big things from Kristi in the very near future.

When Brian Imanuel Soewarno (Rich Brian) started an account on short-form video platform Vine (RIP), he couldn’t speak a word of English. As a 15-year-old living in Indonesia, he began to watch countless videos on the platform, as well as listening to Childish Gambino and Tyler, the Creator to help teach himself the language. It not only taught Soewarno how to speak English, but he also developed a rich musical understanding that sent his debut Dat $tick viral and gold-certified.

Signed to 88rising, Rich Brian, like his contemporaries (he’s still only 20), has quickly amassed millions of followers, but his music sets him apart from the pack. Depending on the song, you can hear Frank Ocean-style melodies, Travis Scott-inspired ad-libs, and the confidence and candidacy of Tyler, the Creator. No wonder such an artfully aggregated smorgasbord of styles has attracted so many fans.

One of the most exciting electronic artists to emerge in recent years, Korean-American producer Yaeji is singlehandedly reinvigorating the house scene. Born in New York, her family moved to Atlanta and then South Korea before Yaeji moved back to Brooklyn and began pursuing a music career. She’s maintained the influences of all cultures, shifting seamlessly to and from Korean and English over an ethereal blend of hip-hop, pop, and house. It’s a unique style, exemplified on her remix of Drake’s Passionfruit, which attracted the attention of Charli XCX and Grimes, gained her a coveted spot on the Coachella line-up in 2018 and saw her rack up nearly 200k fans on Instagram.If you’ve let your area fall into disrepair as of late, the time to start fixing it up is upon us. Blackpink is about to be in it once again (like they ever left!) this fall, when they drop their debut full-length studio album on October 2. Fans of the wildly popular K-pop girl group probably expected as much, between their recent “Sour Candy” collaboration off Lady Gaga’s Chromatica, and the release of their single “How You Like That” with its accompanying video last month, Blackpink’s first new song since last year’s “Kill This Love.”

While the group did release Blackpink in Your Area in 2018, the Japanese-language EP was a compilation of the group’s work to date, including their four-track Korean language mini-EP, Square Up, also from 2018, and a self-titled Japanese EP from 2017. According to their press release, a second single from Blackpink’s upcoming album will drop in August, and will include a “surprise feature.”Koo Jun-hoe and Kim Jin-hwan of iKON have been involved in a drunk driving accident last Monday.

According to the Namhae Police Station, the incident happened when their van rode by a drunk driver, who is reportedly their manager, skidded on wet roads and slammed into a retaining wall on a highway in Namhae, South Gyeongsang Province.

As per police reports, the driver — who reportedly drove around 10 kilometers before the accident — has been booked for DUI after his alcohol level was above 0.08 per cent, exceeding the legal limit.

On July 14, YG Entertainment issued a statement, apologising on behalf of its artists’ involvement in the van crash.

“The injury level of members in the car along with driver A wasn’t severe according to the doctors, and after emergency treatment, they are currently resting in their lodging,” YG Entertainment said according to Korean outlet The Korea Herald. “The company feels heavy concern and responsibility that such an accident occurred despite having strict company regulations.”

As per the police, the driver stated that the iKON members did not consume any alcohol.

However, local police are investigating further on whether the two K-Pop stars were aware that the driver was under the influence. If the iKON members are found guilty knowingly abetted drunk driving, they could face imprisonment or a fine.

The artists have been formally active in the K-Pop scene as members of iKON since 2015. Last year, leader and songwriter B.I quit the group after alleging he tried to purchase illegal drugs in 2016. He denied taking drugs although he admitted to being interested in purchasing them.
• Ethereum passes up Bitcoin in daily settlement value
• US allows banks to act as crypto custodians

From the Editor’s Desk



Dear Reader,



As Covid-19 cases surge across America, and businesses desperately seek help from the $660 billion Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) to financially survive the pandemic… a Forkast.News investigation has discovered that 10 blockchain companies sanctioned by the Securities Exchange Commission for fraud and other wrongdoing were able to obtain PPP funds. To be clear, there is no indication that these companies obtained these funds fraudulently or in violation of any other laws. But it does violate the common sense rule. If there are limited funds, why is valuable taxpayer money (PPP) going to companies that another taxpayer-funded government agency (SEC) has already identified as a bad actor? We are simply asking the question that U.S. taxpayers and watchdog groups might want answered.



It’s one thing to address a financial crisis with a bailout, it’s another to do it without taking into consideration the technology that is at our fingertips to ensure aid goes directly into the hands of the people and businesses it is intended for most. Blockchain and digital fiat can be a powerful ally here. Why aren’t we seeing this implemented more thoughtfully using the technology we have? $660 billion is a lot of money we’re borrowing from the next generation. There must be accountability.



It’s one of the many developments we’re tracking this week on The Current Forkast. Things are getting stormy around the world as it pertains to Covid-19 — socially, politically and financially. Most worrisome are the number of lives the pandemic exponentially keeps claiming. Let’s stay safe out there. Please wear a mask.



Until the next time, 



Angie Lau,

Founder and Editor-in-Chief

By the numbers: Paycheck Protection Program— 650% increase in Google search volume

A Forkast.News investigation has found that 10 crypto companies that have been sanctioned by the SEC also received U.S. Paycheck Protection Program funds intended for small businesses struggling to make payroll in the pandemic economy. Some of the crypto companies that received PPP financial aid either had no connection to the U.S. or re-incorporated in other jurisdictions, perhaps to avoid scrutiny from American regulators.
• Our report spotlights three firms that previously had been in SEC crosshairs and also received PPP funds.
• Cherubim Interests, run by former Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Patrick Johnson, received between $150,000 and $350,000 in PPP funds. Cherubim previously was the recipient of a February 2018 cease trade order by the SEC for inaccuracies in documents and disclosures for its stock listing. Cherubim also ran an ICO in early 2018 called the “The Self Sustaining Intentional Communities Coin.” In mid-2018, Johnson re-incorporated his companies in Canada.
• Paragon Coin, Inc., a company that claimed to “change the cannabis industry as you know it” and ran an ICO that reportedly netted up to $70 million, received between $1,000 and $150,000 in PPP funding. The company’s website only contains an April 2020 bankruptcy notice. Wikipedia lists the main founder’s location as the Dominican Republic.

The complete Forkast.News investigative report and list of SEC-sanctioned, PPP-receiving crypto companies can be found here.

2. Ethereum passes up Bitcoin in one popularity measure

By the numbers: Ethereum — 1,200% increase in Google search volume.

Ethereum explodes into the headlines, as stablecoins propel the open-source blockchain past Bitcoin to become the world’s most popular blockchain in daily settlement value. According to the cryptocurrency database Messari’s Q2 report, Ethereum-reliant DeFi also had a breakout quarter with its total value locked (TVL), surpassing US$ 2 billion behind Compound’s liquidity mining program.
• The monetary base of stablecoins surpassed the $8 billion mark in Q1 of 2020. By the end of Q2, this number has been pushed to over $12 billion. USDT alone exceeded US$ 10 billion in late June.
• Compound’s reign of DeFi dominance ended early this week, with Maker regaining its throne, and Aave zooming into second.

Forkast.Insights | What does it mean?



Ethereum usurping Bitcoin in daily settlement value (which, to be sure, is a very different metric than circulation) was an eventuality. Bitcoin’s actual utility is quite limited compared to Ethereum: You can’t create tokens to represent other assets, you can’t build dApps, and you can’t settle transactions as quickly as you can with Ethereum. This is why stablecoins, which are the next generation of crypto liquidity, are built on Ethereum, and this is why DeFi largely calls this blockchain its home. 



Bitcoin is great as a store of value. Its maturity means it has a major lead in volume and overall market capitalization. In any sort of digital asset portfolio, bitcoin will be present just like any savvy investor usually holds precious metals. Don’t forget that from its outset, Ethereum was intended to be a platform, while Bitcoin is primarily a cryptocurrency. As the blockchain industry matures, eventually the platform that’s the underlying infrastructure — the enabler — will begin to chase Bitcoin in value when utility trumps ubiquity, or, rather, becomes ubiquitous.

3. Romantic Hacker, coming for your heart soon

By the numbers: Romantic Hacker — 5,000% increase in Google search volume.

Get ready for a crypto love story. Crypto-themed K-drama series “Romantic Hacker” is set to hit the airwaves in October. As the show will feature K-pop stars Viini (Kwon Hyun-bin) and Lim Na-young, it is expected to target the younger demographic.
• The South Korean public is no stranger to cryptocurrencies, as observed in the 2017-18 “kimchi premium” arbitrage, where the price of bitcoin in South Korea was higher than in other countries. South Korean traders purchased bitcoins on foreign exchanges, then sold in South Korean exchanges to profit from the price gap.
• The South Korean government has also started speeding up its blockchain adoption. Earlier this month, President Moon Jae-in unveiled his government’s stimulus package, the “Korean New Deal,” where the government plans to invest US$ 130 billion in promoting a low-carbon and eco-friendly economy, as well as digital technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, such as blockchain.

Forkast.Insights | What does it mean? 

 

At Forkast.News, we’ve been covering how blockchain technology has been entering the mainstream consciousness. A few weeks ago, we thought we reached the pinnacle of culture penetration when we reported that China’s Gaokao — the college entrance exam taken by an enormous cross-section of Chinese society — mentioned bitcoin mining in a prep question. This elevated China’s blockchain industry to the level of the Belt and Road Initiative and the 11th Five-Year Plan, which also appeared in the Gaokao when they entered the national conversation. 



But Korean dramas are on a whole different level of popular imagination. Korea’s culture industry defines the zeitgeist in Korea and has become increasingly influential outside of Korea as well. The insane popularity of these dramas means that crypto will now become part of the contemporary Korean cultural cannon and beyond. 



But it’s also reflective of a shift in Korean society away from its traditional industries to a service-based economy. A Covid recession and uncertainty stemming from the continued U.S.-China trade war means that Korea has ground to a halt, and there is a big interest in bringing the country up the economic value chain. Writers of Korean dramas usually have their finger on the pulse of culture and what is trending. Casting crypto in such a prominent role — as a romantic lead no less — suggests not only acceptance but also longing in Korea’s relationship with it: crypto as an alternative investment class, and blockchain as a piece of the technological infrastructure that will power the next industrial revolution.

By the numbers: OCC — 2,200% increase in Google search volume.

The United States Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) grants national banks and federal savings associations to act as cryptocurrency custodians, allowing major banks and institutions to keep custody of users’ private keys. The public letter was a response to a request for clarification from an unknown party and did not change existing stances.
• Digital Currency Group CEO @barrysilbert: I’m looking forward to getting my ass kissed by all the banks now.
• Binance CEO @cz_binance: I hear banks are getting into #crypto.

Forkast.Insights | What does it mean?

 

One of the hottest growing sectors of the crypto economy has been the digital assets custody business. As an antidote to the exchange megahacks, or disappearing assets like in the case of Quadriga CX, some of the biggest names in the traditional custodian business like Fidelity are creating digital vaults to store these crypto assets. Not just cryptocurrency, mind you, but other sorts of assets like tokenized commodities. 



But until recently it looked like this industry would be clustered in Hong Kong. In late 2019, the SAR government’s Securities and Futures Commission wrote a regulatory framework that would allow the industry to kick off in the territory. That part was expected. What is unexpected is how open-minded U.S. regulators are becoming to crypto. There’s a trifecta of crypto-friendly faces at senior levels of America’s most important financial regulators — the SEC, with “Crypto Mom” Hester Peirce as one of its commissioners, the CFTC, which is pursuing an extensive regulatory framework by 2024, and the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, which is now run by a former Coinbase lawyer.



Suddenly, America seems more competitive as a jurisdiction for crypto capital formation. Lawmakers like Rep. Warren Davidson of Ohio, who sponsored the Token Taxonomy Act, and regulators like Peirce, who admits to doing “soul searching” over the potentially innovation-stifling Howey Test, both seem to be on the same page: build it and they will come. The momentum is unstoppable, at this rate the U.S. has a very good chance of attracting many of the top crypto projects back from offshore jurisdictions like Hong Kong or Singapore.

China’s Blockchain Service Network (BSN) has integrated six public chains, including Tezos, NEO, Nervos, EOS, IRISnet and Ethereum into its network to further extend its global reach.
• Starting August 10, BSN developers will be able to build decentralized apps (dApps) on one of the six public chains and operate the dApps not only in China but around the world through BSN’s international portals.
• This expansion is an implementation of the BSN white paper, which reads: “BSN will continue to adapt for global mainstream consortium blockchain and public blockchain frameworks.” According to a local report, each month an additional three to five public chains will be added to the BSN International ecosystem.

Forkast.Insights | What does it mean? 

 

It’s important to remember that while BSN is a China-based platform, it’s designed to be an international project. With that in mind, while BSN expands its support for new chains to fulfill its mandate of technological agnosticism, users within China won’t be able to use them. Local law prohibits blockchain nodes from running blockchains in China that also offer a token. 



There still is value in adding this level of support and building the expansion for users abroad. It can be seen as a way for international blockchain companies to create a bridge into the Chinese blockchain industry. Inversely, BSN can be seen as a way to globalize Chinese blockchain tech.



But for BSN to really take off, there needs to be more buy-in from the local Chinese blockchain community. If you compare Weibo to Twitter followers, there appears to be a lot more interest from the West in BSN than inside China. On Twitter, BSN has a few thousand followers and is growing fast. On Weibo, that number is only a few dozen.

Indian fintech startup Jodo raised $3.8 million following a collective sale of 26.18% of its original equity. The transaction involved Chinese VC firm SAIF Partners and San Francisco’s Matrix Partners. Jodo aims to provide parents with monthly installments of traditionally one-time school tuition fees. The firm’s three co-founders have all previously worked for Matrix Partners.

Singaporean financial tech firm Percipient has raised $5 million from Stat Zero, a Silicon Valley tech-focused VC firm. This brings its cumulative funds raised to $5.7 million. In a news release, the company stated that the incoming capital would be used to support its upcoming launch of an enterprise data platform designed for internal bank analytics. According to the company’s website, use cases of its products include contactless customer onboarding, instant card approval and real-time marketing analytics.

Indian banking platform Finin raised an undisclosed amount of funding earlier this week from Unicorn India and American VC firm Astir Ventures. The platform, an online banking service, promises “AI-driven insights” on personal spending and “data-driven investment plans” for long-term shareholders. The company maintains a working relationship with Visa. In a public statement, the company stated that it would use the funds to further expand its consumer reach and develop operational capacity. Finin’s main product, a mobile app, is currently in a closed, invite-only beta phase.

Forkast.Insights | What does it mean? 

 

Everything is getting faster and faster nowadays — especially transactions. While it’s slowly phasing out in the West, the question of cash obsolescence is real amid the current crisis. The power of digital payments, in their transaction speed, is certainly impressive. With blockchain technology and AI-focused solutions, however, there could be a new virtual arms race with regional and supranational banks. As we’ve seen with challenger banks, there’s a lot of capital available for firms looking to disrupt the payments industry in Asia specifically. Above are three examples.What do you prefer to do in your free time? While activities like dancing, cooking and reading are common, BTS’ fans take it all to another level. Reddit group r/bangatn recently posted an image from one of the Bangtan Boys’ fan account, describing the discography of all their songs till now.

The caption read, “I have a lot of time in my hands, so I decided to make a Guide To BTS Discography as inspired by a post in r/the1975.”

The user mentioned that for people who like the song The Truth Untold, they can hear songs with similar emotions, which are Butterfly, Jamais Vu, Epiphany and Awake. In the same category, if one prefers to hear songs that make them feel like hugging, they can choose Lights, 2!3!, Crystal Snow, For You, Winter Bear, and Stay Gold.

The BTS’ fan has drawn similar comparisons and songs for their tracks Euphoria, Boy With Luv, 134340, No More Dream and Cypher Pt 4. He added categories like mellow but EDM, more EDM, less pop still a bop, Hip-Hop and R&B, more rock, softer side of Hip-Hop and slower rap with pop sounds.

Needless to say, if you wish to hear to a BTS song and you have the right mood set for it, all you have to do is tap on this image and choose the correct song for the situation.

Netizens also loved the collection and appreciated the efforts put in while making this chart. A user mentioned, “What a great idea, especially to help baby army! You really put the effort in.” Another wrote, “This is amazing!! we should definitely pin this post especially for people who are just starting out with the discography. it would make life so much easier for them.”l'essentiel Le groupe de K-pop Blackpink vient de battre un nouveau record sur Youtube avec leur dernier single intitulé "How You Like That". Assez inconnues du grand public en France, les quatre jeunes femmes, stars de la pop coréenne, rencontrent pourtant un succès mondial incommensurable depuis leurs débuts en 2016. Résumé d'un phénomène planétaire en quelques chiffres

Avec 86,3 millions de vues compilées en 24 heures, le groupe de K-pop Blackpink a battu un nouveau record sur Youtube. How You Like That, leur dernier clip sorti le 26 juin, devient ainsi la vidéo la plus vue sur la plateforme en une journée. Un record détenu depuis avril 2019 par un autre groupe sud-coréen, BTS, qui avait engrangé 74,6 millions de vues pour son hit Boy With Luv.

Jennie (24 ans), Jisoo (25 ans), Lisa et Rosé (23 ans) n'en sont pas à leur premier exploit. Avant Boy With Luv de BTS, c'était leur single précédent, Kill This Love qui établissait le même record sur la plateforme de vidéos en ligne, avec 56,7 millions de vues en 24 heures. Le groupe de la YG Entertainment (ex-label de PSY, l'auteur du célèbre Gangnam Style) n'a rien à envier à ses pairs masculins. Lancé en 2016, il s'est très vite fait son propre nom dans l'industrie musicale. Leurs deux premiers singles, Whistle et Boombayah se sont hissés dès leur sortie en première et deuxième positions du classement Billboard World Digital Songs (recense les 25 meilleures ventes digitales aux Etats-Unis pour les singles internationaux).

Un jour après sa sortie, How You Like That cavalait en tête des classements Itunes (recence les chansons les plus téléchargés sur la plateforme) de 60 pays. Un record pour un groupe féminin. Blackpink est également le premier "girls band" à obtenir quatre singles numéro 1 au classement Billboard's World Digital Song. Elles réunissent en moyenne 20 866 459 auditeurs par mois sur la plateforme de streaming musical Spotify.

How You Like That devient également la vidéo qui a atteint le plus rapidement les 100 millions de vues en un peu plus de 30 heures. A l'heure actuelle (2 juillet), elle compte déjà près de 190 millions de vues sur Youtube.

En Avril 2019, Blackpink écrit l'histoire en devenant le premier groupe de K-pop à se produire à Coachella, le prestigieux festival américain. Le quartet sud-coréen séduit également les grands noms de la pop, bien au-delà des frontières de l'Asie. Lady Gaga les a choisies pour l'accompagner sur son titre Sour Candy qui figure sur son dernier album, Chromatica sorti en mai dernier. Auparavant, c'est la chanteuse Dua Lipa qui collaborait avec le groupe. .
• L'artiste qui compte le plus d'abonnés sur Youtube

Avec 40 millions de followers, Blackpink compte depuis septembre 2019 le plus grand nombre d'abonnés sur Youtube. Elles détrônent ainsi le "boys band" One Direction. Au total, elles comptabilisent près de 10 milliards de vues (9 975 907 401 vues) sur le réseau. Leur clip le plus populaire, Ddu Du Ddu Du a été à lui seul vu plus de 1,2 milliard de fois depuis sa sortie en Juin 2018.
• 50 millions d'euros de recettes pour leur première tournée mondiale

En 2019, Blackpink devient le girls band de K-pop dont la tournée a rapporté le plus d'argent. Leur tournée mondiale "In Your Area" a engrangé 56 millions de dollars (environ 50 millions d'euros) en 36 dates. C'est plus que les tournées de Madonna ou Mylène Farmer la même année. Au total, les jeunes femmes se sont produites devant 472 183 spectateurs.

Les membres de Blackpink affolent les compteurs sur toutes les plateformes. Sur Instagram, le compte officiel du groupe dénombre 25 millions de followers. Chacun de leur post sur le réseau social récolte en moyenne 2,5 millions de likes. Le nombre de followers cumulés sur leurs quatre comptes individuels s'élève à 113,5 millions.

Instagram est par ailleurs le réseau social où les jeunes filles sont les plus actives. Rapidement devenues de vraies icônes de la mode, elles sont à l'origine de nombreuses tendances, notamment dans leur pays. Chaque membre est par ailleurs l'égérie d'une grande maison de haute couture (Jennie pour Chanel, Jisoo pour Dior, Rosé pour Saint Laurent et Lisa pour Celine). Des collaborations qui renforcent davantage l'influence déjà incroyable du groupe qui a su exploiter avec habileté et succès les réseaux sociaux.K-Pop boy group Spectrum has parted ways after only two years for reasons including COVID-19 concerns as the result of their disbandment.

WYNN Entertainment announced the news on its official website, stating the label’s worsening situation can no longer support Spectrum. Therefore, the band’s six members — Minjae, Dongkyu, Eunjun, Jaehan, Hwarang, and Villain — have terminated their contracts as of July 10.

This is not the first time a K-Pop group has parted ways due to coronavirus concerns. On April 24, Roots Entertainment reportedly announced its artists Girls’ Alert’s album has been pushed back due to the financial repercussions of the pandemic and it allowed its members to end their exclusive contracts and promote freely.

However, Girls’ Alert was reported to not have disbanded and will continue with members Seulbi, Jisung, and Gooseul.

The South Korean entertainment industry has been affected as a result of the COVID-19 crisis. Senior executives from leading music companies — that includes Big Hit Entertainment, S.M. Entertainment, JYP Entertainment, FNC Entertainment and Starship Entertainment — participated in a roundtable meeting with Culture Minister Park Yang-woo last month, seeking support to help spread Korean pop culture overseas amid the outbreak.

Spectrum initially debuted with eight members in May 2018 with ‘Be Born’. Just two months following their debut, main rapper Kim Dong-yoon, who was a popular contestant on reality show ‘MIXNINE’ hosted by YG Entertainment, passed away.

Their last comeback as a six-member group was with second mini-album, ‘Timeless Moment’, before their disbandment.Harga Emas Antam Hari Ini 10 Desember, Anjlok ke Rp956 Ribu2 czerwca na Twitterze pojawiły się nagle hasztagi #tvpisoverparty i #tvpinfoisoverparty. Krótko po tym stacja wyemitowała pochlebny materiał o zespole muzycznym BTS. Ktoś na Woronicza zrozumiał, że z fanami k-popu trzeba się liczyć.

Dlaczego grupa internautów, wystarczająco duża, żeby móc z tego, co piszą, stworzyć trend, uderzyła w państwową telewizję? Bo tego właśnie 12 czerwca Rafał Ziemkiewicz i Krzysztof Feusette określili na antenie TVP Info członków BTS jako "skośnych", "enerdowskich lodziarzy".

Jaka siła polityczna odpowiedzialna jest za tę akcję? Kto potrafi zmobilizować się w tak krótkim czasie i na tak wielką skalę? I co to za grupa BTS, o której zwykły polski obywatel niewiele słyszał?

Skomplikowane układy taneczne połączone ze śpiewem i dopracowany w najdrobniejszych szczegółach wygląd. Delikatna uroda, brokat, cekiny, ubrania w intensywnych kolorach, czerwone albo różowe włosy, a nawet delikatny makijaż. Już wiemy, gdzie jesteśmy. W tak zwanej koreańskiej fali.

Słowo "hallyu" oznacza fenomen rosnącej popularności koreańskiej popkultury na świecie. Hallyu to część strategii soft power południowokoreańskiego rządu, który inwestuje ogromne pieniądze w seriale, filmy – i w k-pop.

Kpop, czyli koreański pop, rósł w popularność na świecie od końcówki lat ’90, a apogeum przypadło kilka lat temu, gdy cała planeta tańczyła hit "Gangnam Style", a zespół BTS zaczął zdobywać międzynarodową sławę. Do Polski k-pop na dobre wszedł cztery lata temu.

O sile fandomu TVP przekonała się już po raz drugi. W marcu zeszłego roku TVP info stworzyło na Twitterze ankietę z pytaniem "Czy akceptujesz możliwość adopcji dzieci przez pary homoseksualne?". Fani skrzyknęli się i zagłosowali na "tak". TVP Info usunęło ankietę.

Z kolei 28 stycznia prowadzący program Dzień Dobry TVN nazwali Jungkooka, członka BTS, „niemęskim”. Okrzykniętego najprzystojniejszym mężczyzną w rankingu TC Candler chłopaka skrytykowali za to, że farbuje włosy i nosi kolczyki, a reporter przeprowadził sondę uliczną wśród bazarowych sprzedawców ze zdjęciem …J-Hope, innego członka zespołu. Fani zareagowali hasztagiem #dziendobrytvnisoverparty, a do akcji wysyłania maili do stacji włączyli się fani od USA po Wietnam i Filipiny. Przeprosiny pojawiły się następnego dnia, a reporter odpowiedzialny za sondę został zwolniony.

Kiedy 31 maja policja w Dallas poprosiła o umieszczanie zdjęć uczestników antyrasistowskich demonstracji na aplikacji iWatch Dallas, w przeciągu doby aplikacja padła przeciążona tysiącami fragmentów koncertów i obrazków niepowiązanych z protestami.

11 czerwca, krótko po ogłoszeniu rozpoczęcia rejestracji na wiec prezydencki Donalda Trumpa w Tulsa, setki tysięcy nastolatków skrzyknęły się na twitterze i tik toku. Rezerwowali darmowe wejściówki tylko po to, by pozostawić je pustymi. W budynku przeznaczonym dla prawie 20 tysięcy gości pojawiło się zaledwie 6 tysięcy.

Kim są ci, a właściwie w większości te, które przeczą stereotypowi o młodych, którzy w nic się nie angażują, a polityka ich nie obchodzi?

Fandom koreańskich gwiazd to w większości dziewczyny w wieku od 16 do 25 lat. Dla nich kpop reprezentuje tolerancję i otwartość.

- Każda muzyka wyznacza inne wartości. Ja dzięki kpopowi pokochałam siebie. Jestem po trzech poważnych operacjach. Kpop zmienia poglądy na świat. Uczy, że nieważne, jaki jesteś na zewnątrz, najważniejsze jest to, co jest w środku. Gwiazdy pokazują, że każdy z nas jest równy. Nie ma lepszych i gorszych ze względu na pochodzenie czy kolor skóry – mówi Julka.

- Mówienie, że mężczyzna nie powinien nosić różowego koloru, rurek, spódniczek, powinien pracować na rodzinę i być jej głową, jest od dawna przeterminowane. Ludzie nie umieją się pogodzić z tym, że świat idzie do przodu i każdy ma prawo być szczęśliwy – mówi Wiktoria.

- Często spotkałam się z określeniami "Chińczyki", "jak można słuchać tych skośnookich", "oni wyglądają jak baby, na pewno są pedałami". A ja nigdy nie spotkałam osoby, która słucha kpopu, a nie akceptuje inności. Dla mnie samej najważniejsze wartości to tolerancja i to, żeby kobiety mogły wybierać, co chcą robić ze swoim ciałem – mówi Sana.

 Dziewczyny są licealistkami i prowadzą na Facebooku grupę o zespole Blackpink.

- Gdyby nie kpop i moje zainteresowanie Azją, mogłabym być właśnie takim za przeproszeniem typowym Polakiem, z ograniczonym światopoglądem i ograniczoną perspektywą. – dodaje Magda. Ma dwadzieścia lat i studiuje na kierunku Studiów Azjatyckich. – I też każdy Azjata byłby dla mnie Chińczykiem. Kpop bardzo na mnie wpłynął, zrobił ze mnie osobę tolerancyjną i otwartą.

- Kiedy zaczęły się pojawiać artykuły i posty na temat tego, że kpoperki to siła, zaczęłam się zastanawiać, czy to rzeczywiście jest siła i czy one rzeczywiście są tak lewicowe – mówi dr Julia Trzcińska, politolożka związana z Uniwersytetem Wrocławskim, które przeprowadziła badania na temat postaw politycznych polskich fanów kpopu. Prywatnie też jest fanką.

- Te badania są tylko pewnym wstępem do dyskusji, ale to, co bardzo wyraźnie widać, to to, że wolność jest dla fanów najważniejszą wartością. Zgodziło się z tym prawie 90%. Wszystkie pytania dotyczące spraw, które mogą ograniczać wolność, zagrażać prawu ekspresji i wypowiedzi, spotkały się z silną reakcją. Na przykład rozdział państwa i religii – 71% odpowiedziało, że zdecydowanie się z nim zgadza.

Prawie 70% zgodziło się ze stwierdzeniem, że kobiety nie są traktowane na równi z mężczyznami. Najważniejsze okazały się jednak kwestie związane ze środowiskiem – prawie 90% zgodziło się, że większość państw powinna się skupić na zielonej polityce. Ale przy pytaniach dotyczących kwestii rynkowych pojawiło się najwięcej odpowiedzi typu "nie wiem", "trudno powiedzieć".

- Czy oni są grupą polityczną o konkretnej ideologii, konkretnej orientacji politycznej? Nie. Są pewne wartości, które są dla nich ważne i o nie potrafią walczyć bardzo zajadle. To są ludzie, którzy nie boją się mówić. Chwała im za to, bo bez obrony tych wartości nigdzie nie dojdziemy. Ale to nie są skonkretyzowane poglądy. Ja widzę niesamowity potencjał w tym, jak oni sami uczą się na grupach tego, jak dyskutować. To jest pokolenie post-millenialsów, którzy doskonale radzą sobie w mediach społecznościowych.

Rzeczywiście grupy kpopowe są bardzo dobrze administrowane. Pojawia się tam bardzo wiele postów, a mimo to nie ma chaosu, nad czym czuwają zastępy moderatorów.

- Fandomy w ogóle mają siłę do tego, żeby się organizować. Ale do tej pory robiły to raczej wokół przedmiotu samego zainteresowania. A fandom kpopu zaczął walczyć o coś więcej.

- Jesteśmy bardzo oddani, jeżeli się w coś angażujemy to na 100, na 101% - uważa Marcelina. Ma 21 lat, mieszka pod Wrocławiem i bardzo aktywnie brała udział w akcji przeciwko DDTVN. - Nie zajmujemy się tylko sprawami fandomu, ale też sprawami ważnymi społecznie. Wielu ludzi o tym zapomina. Jesteśmy jedyną taką społecznością, która bierze udział w akcjach przeciwko rasizmowi czy homofobii. To byłoby dziwne, gdyby ktoś, kto tak bardzo angażuje się w słuchanie zagranicznej muzyki, był rasistą i nie wspierał takich działań.

- Fandom jest w stanie zmobilizować się przeciwko rasizmowi – mówi Klaudia. Ma 20 lat i pracuje w firmie medycznej. – Kiedy zespół BTS przekazał milion dolarów dla fundacji związanych z Black Lives Matter, fani postanowili złożyć bliźniaczą dotację. Zebrano ponad milion i to w przeciągu doby. Ja też się dorzuciłam.

- W moim dramacie wykorzystałem motyw nastolatka, który słucha kpopu, żeby zbudować postać, która jest "inna", nadać mu rysy osoby wrażliwej, która nie boi się wyrażać siebie i sięgać po oryginalne treści. Jako słuchacze niszowej muzyki, fani kpopu sami mogli odczuć odrzucenie reszty. Rozumieją, czym są przejawy najróżniejszej dyskryminacji i są bardzo czujni. Trzymają rękę na pulsie w sprawach homofobii, wykluczenia. Łatwo się skrzykują i działają. Możemy im wiele zawdzięczać, są takimi strażnikami w internecie.

Główny bohater dramatu, inspirowany postacią Dominika z Bieżunia, jest wyzywany w szkole od "pedałów".

- Kpop przełamuje wizerunek męskości. Idole mają delikatne rysy, nie są napakowani, nie są typowymi drwalami. Są zadbani, z ładną buzią, farbują włosy. A mimo to pozostają uosobieniem męskości. Może to jest związane z kryzysem męskości i jest to zaczątek rewolucji wizerunku mężczyzny?

- Polscy fani przenoszą wzorce koreańskie na grunt polski. Kiedy byłem na koncercie, fani pilnowali kolejności wejścia, rozdawali numerki, i tak jak w Korei czekali po 12 godzin przed koncertem pod klubem. W Polsce nie ma ku temu żadnego powodu, ale czekają razem, śpiewają piosenki. Robią to samo, co w Korei. Myślę, że to zaangażowanie też wzięli z Korei.

 Do następnych wyborów fanki kpopu osiągną pełnoletność. Czy ich głosy okażą się znaczące?

- Mając takie wartości, jakimi się kierujemy, możemy stać się wielką siłą i przy okazji następnych wyborów mieć decydujący wpływ na wynik - mówi Klaudia.

- Ich głos na pewno będzie się liczyć. Ale czy będą się liczyć jako fani kpopu? To młodzi ludzie, którzy są po prostu zmęczeni polityką. Mogą być pewną przeciwwagą dla wyborców Konfederacji, do których przemawiają proste rozwiązania, konkrety. Fani kpopu też są zmęczeni, a jednocześnie bardzo otwarci światopoglądowo. Do nich przemawiałby bardziej populizm lewicowy niż faktycznie ideologie lewicowe. Ale to są w dużej części jeszcze licealiści, jest jeszcze czas. To jest siła, z którą się trzeba liczyć, ale czy oni dalej będą występować pod sztandarem kpopowym czy to będą po prostu post-millenialsi z większych miast – to się jeszcze okaże.

Wiktoria jest pełna optymizmu:

 – Jesteśmy dużą siłą i wystarczy tylko chcieć, a dokonamy niemożliwego.Ever since Harry Styles dropped his very, um, sensual music video for "Watermelon Sugar" back in May, the singer's not-so-subtle lyrics have been on replay all summer. And while I'm admittedly not mad about it, a fresh approach is always welcome. So, allow me to introduce you to this sultry cover by Hwasa, a member of popular K-pop girl group Mamamoo, for a taste of the singer's impressive vocals and a moody take on the song. The singer released a retro-themed video of her own on Wednesday, just one day before the 10-year anniversary of the formation of Styles's former band One Direction. While Hwasa's rendition holds true to the original, her unique voice definitely adds a whole new vibe. Watch Hwasa's mesmerizing cover of "Watermelon Sugar" above.Parmi les adversaires acharnés de Donald Trump, les plus inattendus sont influencés... par la culture musicale sud-coréenne. En se mobilisant sur le très populaire site de partage de vidéo TikTok, les fans américains de K-Pop affirment avoir saboté le meeting de reprise de campagne du président américain, le 20 juin à Tulsa, dans l'Oklahoma - celui qui entraîna, par ailleurs, une explosion de l'épidémie de Covid-19 dans la région. Comment ont-ils fait ? En réservant des milliers de tickets pour l'événement, sans avoir l'intention de s'y rendre. Si l'offensive reste difficile à prouver, les faits sont là. Alors que Trump avait annoncé près d'un million d'inscriptions, l'assistance comptait à peine 6200 personnes, dans une enceinte qui peut en accueillir trois fois plus. De quoi ravir la parlementaire démocrate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, qui s'est exclamée : "Alliés de la K-pop, nous voyons et apprécions vos contributions à la lutte pour la justice."

L'engagement de ces passionnés n'a rien de surprenant, tant les groupes de K-pop, loin d'être de purs produits marketing, ont su s'impliquer dans le débat public, en défendant des valeurs progressistes. En pointe de cette évolution, le très populaire boys band BTS (Bangtan Sonyeondan), créé en 2013 avec l'idée d'offrir "une épaule sur laquelle s'appuyer, sans avoir besoin de dire un mot", a fait un don début juin d'un million de dollars au mouvement Black Lives Matter. "Nous combattons la discrimination raciale. Nous condamnons la violence. Vous, moi et nous avons tous le droit d'être respectés", ont martelé sur Twitter les sept membres du groupe. Un message relayé par les fans du monde entier, réunis sous la bannière de la très disciplinée "BTS Army".After news that Somi was moving into the next global step of her career by signing with Interscope Records, the K-pop star’s latest single “What You Waiting For” has dropped that centers her as the teen pop’s next relatable, slightly rambunctious singer-songwriter-producer.

The just-released track opens with a subtle synth-pop production, bouncing through DIY-vibe electronica and a racing, power-pop chorus as Somi tells an apprehensive lover “Baby, I’ve been waiting for you all this time!” In addition to further showcasing the 19-year-old as a promising songwriter and producer (Somi’s credited as a writer and composer on the track), “What You Waiting For” also paints the star as relatable, self-aware and able to have some tongue-in-cheek fun with her past. The mix of Korean and English lyrics like, “I’m faded, every night I’m drunk and wasted” not only speak to Korea’s youthful drinking culture (of which Somi is of legal age now in South Korea) but as well when she and other young K-pop stars were swept up in underage drinking rumors in 2017 during a holiday photo (which was later clarified to have been from an adult with them).

The accompanying music video sees Somi looking more confident than ever embracing different looks and sides of herself as she literally breaks through barriers. While the song may speak to encouraging a lover to come out of their shell, “What You Waiting For” no doubt speaks as a metaphor for Somi to accomplish her goals after nearly half a decade rising through the K-pop industry as she races past parties, people and other distractions.

As Somi’s first new music in more than a year since her Billboard hit “Birthday,” the new release not only has Somi take a mature and impressive next pop step but also now sees her with the same U.S. label backing in Interscope Records that’s helped BLACKPINK land on multiple stateside TV shows and continuously rise up the charts with each release.

With her Korean company The Black Label, Interscope as well as support from her friends/new label mates BLACKPINK (Jisoo shared the link to the YouTube video to her nearly 26 million followers on Instagram), Somi won’t have to “wait” too much longer to reach new musical heights.

Check out the full “What You Waiting For” music video below:Levou apenas quatro anos para o Blackpink se tornar uma das maiores girl bands do mundo, com as integrantes Jennie, Jisoo, Rosé e Lisa continuando a bater novos recordes e a abrir novos caminhos. Elas foram o primeiro grupo feminino de K-pop a tocar no Coachella e a alcançar 1 bilhão de visualizações no YouTube - agora elas são o grupo de música mais inscrito na plataforma - além de ser o primeiro grupo feminino de um país a aparecer no lista dos 30 under dos 30 da Forbes Ásia.

Em 2019, elas quebraram três recordes mundiais do Guinness com o single "Kill This Love", que teve mais de 312 milhões de visualizações no Spotify e mais de 824 milhões de visualizações no YouTube - uma mera fração dos bilhões de streams, downloads, visualizações e seguidores do quarteto. No mesmo ano, elas também realizaram a turnê de maior sucesso financeiro de um grupo feminino coreano. Elas são parte das primeiras fileiras dos desfiles e rostos de mega marcas, incluindo a Chanel, Puma, Louis Vuitton e Dior. E tudo isso com apenas algumas músicas em seu repertório. Como é que elas conseguiram?

Banda feminina de nova geração



Como o primeiro grupo de garotas em sete anos da YG Entertainment (lar das lendas do K-pop como BIGBANG, 2NE1 e o antigo Psy), o entusiasmo antes da estreia do Blackpink em agosto de 2016 havia chegado a um pico. Havia muito a se trabalhar após a lacuna deixada por um grande sucesso; o 2NE1, amado e inovador grupo feminino de quatro membros, estava acabado e esperava-se que o Blackpink revivesse o som pop eletrônico ousado que elas tinham incorporado. Sua estréia, Square One, foi um sucesso de noite para o dia, com a insistente construção de Whistle e o coro pretensioso em Boombayah fazendo uma apresentação curta, mas empolgante.

Em novembro de 2016, o segundo álbum, "Square Two", apresentou uma explosão pop (Playing With Fire), uma versão acústica do Whistle e Stay, uma faixa com influência do country que lhes permitiu flexibilizar suas asas vocais para longe do conceito de 'girl crush' (vernáculo do K-pop significando um look e som ardente que se mostrou imensamente popular entre o público internacional).

Embora tenham sido apelidadas de 'o novo 2NE1' durante seus dias de estreia, assistir a algumas de suas primeiras aparições em programas de variedades coreanos destaca não apenas a presença caoticamente divertida de Blackpink, mas a determinação em moldar suas próprias identidades. A vocalista Jisoo se tornou um rosto para as marcas de beleza Kiss Me e Dior; a rapper e vocalista Jennie se tornou uma solista e poderosa influenciadora; O vocal distinto de Rosé, nascida na Nova Zelândia, mostrou-se em sucessos com o G-Dragon, enquanto a rapper e dançarina nascida na Tailândia, Lisa, é a estrela de K-pop mais seguida no Instagram.

Antes e agora elas reconhecem a necessidade de cada uma completar a alquimia do grupo que tem sido amado por milhões. "Não acho que uma integrante específica deva dançar mais ou cantar mais. Eu acho que a harmonia de Blackpink está completa por causa da energia de cada pessoa ”, Jennie disse à Vogue Korea no início deste ano.

Os Blinks



Avril, 16 anos, uma Blink (nome do fã-clube de Blackpink) do Peru as descobriu em 2018. "Tudo nelas fez com que eu virasse fã," ela diz à Vogue pelo Twitter. “A maneira como elas se apresentam, suas músicas e coreografias icônicas, a amizade delas e até a maneira como se vestem. Blackpink estava em um nível totalmente novo.” Enquanto isso, McElvin, 22 anos, fã de K-pop de longa data nas Filipinas, já estava por dentro antes mesmo da estreia delas. “O Blackpink tem uma energia envolvente e carismática," explica ele via Twitter. "Elas são a representação do puro talento e energia que um grupo feminino de K-pop deve ter. Elas são o pacote inteiro para mim."

A visão de longa data do K-pop como um mundo de fantasia brilhante e extremamente lustroso foi criada por três selos - YG Entertainment, JYP Entertainment e SM Entertainment. O YG é conhecido por seus visuais minimalistas e um som pesado, ideal para baladas, criado pelo escritor/produtor Teddy Park - o homem por trás de alguns dos maiores sucessos do K-pop. Em Ddu-du-ddu-du do Blackpink de 2018 (DDDD, abreviado), todos esses elementos estão alinhados a fim de produzir um pacote pop irresistível.

Ally, de dezenove anos, (não o nome real), uma cingapuriana que administra uma conta considerável de fãs no Twitter chama DDDD da faixa "revolução total" delas. O sucesso encontrou-se no refrão cativante, na memorável dança dos gestos de arma apontada e em um vídeo gloriosamente exagerado, mas também no próprio Blackpink com grandes pretensões, mas emulável, esteticamente feroz, mas não intimidante, “arrasante” no palco, mas adorável fora dele. O EP de quatro faixas, Square Up, chegava à platina na Coréia do Sul, DDDD alcançava o ouro nos EUA, tornando-se no seu primeiro clipe com bilhão de visualizações, e Kill This Love as tornaria o primeiro grupo feminino coreano a entrar nas paradas de singles do Reino Unido.

Menos é mais?



Esses marcos chegaram por meio de um fã-clube que cresceu rapidamente desde o final de 2016, mas que teve que esperar oito meses pelo single de 2017 "As If It's Your Last", depois um ano inteiro pelo próximo trabalho, o "Square Up". Um lançamento por ano já era padrão no K-pop, quando havia menos grupos lutando por uma fatia de um pequeno mercado doméstico. Agora, os grupos têm em média dois ou três lançamentos (conhecidos como 'retornos') por ano, em uma tentativa de aumentar e manter os fã-clubes, mas a YG Entertainment - uma das mais antigas agências de K-pop da Coréia do Sul - permaneceu comprometida, sem arrependimentos, ao “menos é mais”.

Não é um plano à prova de falhas - gera constantes críticas dos fãs, petições e ameaças de boicote - mas a abordagem old school, em uma era de exagerada saturação e gratificação instantânea, criou um desejo e demanda elevados. Ele tem transformado todos os "retornos" em um evento global e canalizado o poder de execução do fã-clube em números, do tipo que fazem as manchetes e enchem planilhas, que seduziram muitos executivos de gravadoras.

Como muitos hits de sucesso, o Blackpink entende o poder de casar o mundo da música e da moda. A compreensão inata de estilo delas as transformou em uma propriedade sensual, com as meninas agora fazendo parte das primeiras fileiras das principais Semanas de Moda. Em setembro de 2019, Jisoo apareceu em Londres na Burberry, enquanto Rosé impressionou na Saint Laurent (e também foi convidada por Anthony Vaccarello para ser embaixadora da marca). Enquanto isso, Jennie se viu ao lado de Cardi B na Chanel, sendo também embaixadora da marca.

Em fevereiro de 2020, Lisa - atualmente musa da Celine de Hedi Slimane - viajou a Milão para os desfiles AW20 da Prada. Devido ao poder de venda comprovado delas - as revistas relataram a necessidade de imprimir cópias quádruplas para atender à demanda, as turnês delas esgotam em segundos - o relacionamento entre a banda e as principais casas da moda continuará a florescer por muito tempo.

Blackpink assinou com a Interscope Records dos Estados Unidos no final de 2018, uma peça direta para o mercado americano e algo que nenhum grupo feminino sul-coreano havia tentado desde o Girls' Generation em 2012. Apesar da habilidade e experiência delas, as apresentações desajeitadas e sem brilho de fevereiro de 2019 no Good Morning America e no The Late Show com Stephen Colbert foram amplamente criticadas. Mas diante de um vasto público, principalmente aquele que desconhecia o K-pop, no Coachella, a universalidade das músicas do grupo floresceu, recebendo um frenesi de elogios. Um marco foi o empolgante Kill This Love, o single-título do novo EP delas.

Kill This Love ficaria no top 40 do Reino Unido e no top 50 dos EUA, fazendo do Blackpink e do BTS os únicos grupos pop sul-coreanos a impactar essas paradas de singles, que são difíceis de serem conquistadas. Sempre haverá aqueles que desprezam o K-pop por razões como a barreira do idioma, mas, por décadas, o público que não fala coreano se conectou de maneira significativa às suas músicas, e o Blackpink não é exceção. “Elas têm [faixas] que podem torná-lo sentimental, músicas para aumentar sua confiança, você pode literalmente espantar toda a sua tristeza apenas ouvindo-as”, diz McElvin, enquanto Sansi, 18 anos de idade, um Blink francês, descreve suas faixas via e-mail como “uma mistura entre tristeza e alegria. Blackpink coloca muito amor em tudo o que fazem, sua energia e auras positivas são muito fortes.”

É raro que as integrantes não estejam ocupadas, mesmo quando não há um lançamento para divulgar. Muitas vezes, elas recorrem ao Instagram para se comunicar com seus 128 milhões de seguidores combinados (incluindo a principal conta do Blackpink) e se concentraram em solidificar o status de celebridades como ícones da moda (como a recente colaboração de Jennie com a marca de óculos de luxo Gentle Monster), mentores do setor e rainhas virais por acidente (a passagem de Lisa pelo programa de sobrevivência Youth With You e seu clipe de apresentação que se tornou um meme Did it work? (Funcionou?, tradução livre)).

E, finalmente, um ano após o último disco, a espera de novas músicas chegou ao fim. A com Lady Gaga, "Sour Candy", no seu álbum Chromatica chegou triunfal junto com um novo álbum da banda. Os Blinks estão em êxtase. "Elas nunca decepcionam", diz Avril. "O nome delas está se tornando cada vez maior, e eu não poderia estar mais orgulhosa. Elas merecem isso." Sem dúvida, o novo material será um sucesso; não há outro lugar para onde ir o quarteto, exceto para cima.

A pergunta pode ser: como é exatamente esse sucesso? Elas poderiam finalmente ser o primeiro grupo feminino de K-pop a de fato bombar no ocidente? A oportunidade existe, mas isso significa que novos sucessos devem ser financiados e que estratégias antigas sejam reexaminadas e refinadas. Agora é a hora do Blackpink ser realmente a revolução.Los Angeles: South Korean pop group BTS will be releasing a new digital single in English on August 21.

According to Billboard, the band shared the news on V LIVE, a Korean live stream broadcasting app, saying that they wanted to share some positive energy amid the coronavirus pandemic.

The seven-piece boy band, made up of Jin, Jungkook, RM, Suga, J-Hope, V and Jimin, is also planning to release a new album later this year.

We have prepared a new single for ARMY, set for August 21. We are preparing an album for the second half of this year, but decided to first release a single because we wanted to reach our fans as soon as possible.

"Due to COVID-19, people around the world have been going through tough times and we wanted to share some positive energy with our fans, the group said.

The musicians, who have previously released English-language songs MIC Drop and Waste It On Me, with Steve Aoki, said recording in their non-native tongue was a new challenge.

We thought that the song sounded perfect as it is in English. We recorded the guide version and felt that the result was something totally new and fresh. We also needed a breakthrough during these unforeseen times. This is a new challenge for us as well, they added.

The news comes days after it was announced that BTS would be among the artists performing for the 2020 iHeartRadio Music Fest, which is set to air September 27.Ce 6 juillet 2020, le groupe sud-coréen le plus populaire, BTS, a battu un record sur iTunes concernant le nombre de téléchargements. Leur chanson Black Swan, sortie en janvier dernier, a atteint la première marche du classement dans 103 pays, soit le plus grand nombre de numéros 1 de l’histoire de la plateforme. Le précédent record datait de cinq ans auparavant : il était détenu par Adèle et son titre Hello, numéro 1 dans 102 pays.

Le vendredi 26 juin 2020, le clip du titre How you like that, du groupe coréen de K-pop Blackpink, a lui aussi battu un record : la vidéo a été visionnée 82,4 millions de fois en seulement 24 heures sur YouTube. Autre record réalisé par ce groupe féminin : leur clip est celui qui a mis le moins de temps à franchir les 100 millions de vues sur YouTube. Ce cap a été réussi en 30 heures seulement.

Le label coréen Big Hit Entertainement, qui produit de nombreux groupes de K-pop, se prépare à entrer à la Bourse de Séoul. Ce projet a lieu alors que les groupes de K-pop sont de plus en plus populaires. Selon une source interrogée par le magazine Variey, la valorisation de l’entreprise est estimée entre 2,5 et 3,3 milliards de dollars.Bola.com, Jakarta - Kelahiran sang buah hati tentu menjadi momen yang paling ditunggu oleh setiap pasangan suami istri. Mempersiapkan nama sang buah sebelum lahir menjadi hal yang sering dilakukan para calon orang tua.

Nama yang diberikan nantinya akan menjadi doa bagi kehidupan sang buah hati kelak hingga akhir hayatnya. Anak merupakan anugerah Tuhan paling indah dalam kehidupan berumah tangga.

Memilih nama untuk buah hati bisa dikatakan tidak mudah dan tidak boleh dilakukan secara sembarangan. Banyak referensi dari berbagai sumber yang bisa memberikan ide untuk menamai buah hati Anda.

Bagi Anda yang suka menonton drama Korea atau mendengar lagu-lagu K-Pop, memberi nama dari hal terkait bisa diterapkan. Seperti diketahui, baik drama Korea yang biasa disebut drakor serta K-Pop berhasil mencuri perhatian dunia, termasuk Indonesia.

Seiring ketenarannya, banyak budaya Korea yang mulai masuk dan diterima masyakarat Indonesia. Dengan kepopuleran tersebut, memberikan nama bayi perempuan menggunakan bahasa Korea bisa menjadi pertimbangan.

Berikut referensi nama bahasa Korea yang cocok diterapkan untuk bayi perempuan, dirangkum dari Baby Love to Know dan Smart Parenting, Kamis (30/7/2020).Dancing on the famous Punjabi song "Tunak Tunak Tun Tara Ra" is one the most fun things Indians do during parties and occasions. But Lee Sun Mi has found herself in a pickle after she made a TikTok video using this Daler Mehendi hit number in a way that mocks Indian culture. She was recently accused of making fun of the Indian culture and dance moves in the viral TikTok video along with two other dancers.

Lee Sun Mi, who is a very popular K-Pop singer made a very candid dance video where she was mostly gigling but the other two dancers were accused of making hand gestures that mocked Indian dance and art. As soon as the video went viral, Sunmi started facing criticism on behalf of her backup dancers are "copying Indian classical dance steps, hand gestures and head movements" Most people considered it "a mockery of Indian classical dance."

Sunmi wasted no time and understood that the video she though was harmless was creating a stir online. She immediately took responsibility for what happened and apologized to her fans. The south-Korean singer took to Twitter to wrote: “There is no reason or intention for me to mock the culture of other countries. It’s because of my ignorance of the culture. I apologize for being ignorant about the culture of other countries. And I’d like to say that I am truly sorry to those who have been hurt by my ignorance". Check Sun Mi's Tweet:

Here's Sunmi's Dance Video That Was Going Viral:

Fans were quite supportive of her. Many replied to her tweet with its okay and many said it wasn't her fault in the first place. "We're glad to accept your apology. I wish everyone were like you, apologizing and saying the truth & not silently editing MVs to hide their mistake with no apology for a long time....Anyways, thank you so much....", read one of the comments.

(The above story first appeared on LatestLY on Jul 27, 2020 07:08 PM IST. For more news and updates on politics, world, sports, entertainment and lifestyle, log on to our website latestly.com).The SMTown Vietnam outlet, which has been hosting exclusive events (July 3-12) to give 1,000 invited K-pop fans a sneak peak, is located on the fourth floor of the Crescent Mall in the Phu My Hung urban area, District 7.

It consists of two zones with the SMTown Store where customers can purchase official merchandise, including albums and posters of SM’s artists and groups; and SMTown Café, which serves coffee and desserts.

While the official opening date for the event has not been announced, it is expected to happen in the fourth quarter of this year.

SM is the home of popular K-pop top artists like Red Velvet, EXO, Super Junior, Girls’ Generation, EXO, and others.

K-pop is a genre of popular music originating in South Korea, featuring catchy music and dance performances. Many K-pop artists have come to perform in Vietnam in recent years, including SM Entertainment artists like Red Velvet and Super Junior.

According to a May 2019 survey by HCMC-based market research firm Q&Me, 51 percent of Vietnamese like South Korean pop music and 68 percent like South Korean TV serials.

The Korean Wave began in some Asian countries including Vietnam in the 2000s, and has expanded its reach considerably since.Onew, member of popular South Korean boyband SHINee, was discharged from the army on Monday (July 20).

The group announced the news on Twitter, alongside a photo of Onew wearing a military uniform.

According to soompi.com, Onew also wrote a letter and released a recorded message for fans. He expressed his gratitude for those who waited for him and said that he wished to have fun with them.

“I will work hard to impress even more since you waited for me with so much love. Please wait just a little bit more,” Onew said in the message.

Onew, who is known as the leader of SHINee, began his military service in December 2018. Two other SHINee members, Minho and Key, are still serving in the military while member Taemin has not been enlisted.

SHINEee debuted in 2008 with Replay and later became one of the best-loved K-pop boybands, due to its dance choreography. The group won the 2008 Mnet Asian Music Awards in the Best New Male Group category. One of the group’s hit songs, View, was included on the 100 Greatest K-Pop Songs of the 2010s compiled by Billboard. – The Jakarta Post/Asia News NetworkGet ready to dance and sing, all while helping a good cause at tonight’s (09/07) World is ONE K-pop charity concert.

In an effort to fight COVID-19, Korean broadcasting company MBC is holding a global donation concert in hope to raise funds and to deliver hope to those affected by the ongoing pandemic, entitled World is ONE. The concert is scheduled for 9 July, 5PM (ID/TH Standard Time) 6PM (PH/SG/MY Standard Time) via MBC M, Naver TV, and V Live.

Hosted by Super Junior’s Leetuk and OH MY GIRL’s SeungHee, the concert will feature some of K-pop leading acts. Fans can expect to see groups in the likes of Super Junior, SF9, MAMAMOO, KARD, Stray Kids, April, and so much more.

Check the full line up below:

Much like an actual K-pop concert, fans are expected to play a huge part in World is ONE. Viewers will be able to participate by uploading photos on Instagram of them holding up a ‘W’ and using specific hashtags, like the ones below:

World is ONE is held in partnership with World Vision, a non-profit international relief organisation dedicated to supporting those most vulnerable under COVID-19 and help them overcome poverty and inequality during these difficult times. Fans in Korea will also be able to make donations, with all proceeds going towards World Vision

More information can be found on the event’s official website.In the lead up to the We Bare Bears movie we looked back on this wild story with Chong and asked him if it really was the tweet of a random fan that got him to put Monsta X in the show. Chong admits that he and the writers had been working on a K-pop episode at the time but they hadn’t yet settled on which band they wanted to ask. The tweet put Monsta X on Chong’s radar who remembers, “the timing was perfect. I looked them up and we were like, let’s try to get them. So it all worked out perfectly.”

Once the band were signed on story artists Sang Lee and Charlie Parisi did a ton of research for the episode, including digging into chat rooms and websites to find out, as Chong puts it, “everything about these boys and what are the inside things about them. That’s what the K-pop community is. It’s about knowing every inch of these bands.” The We Bare Bears crew even went to a Monsta X concert in America.

Chong and the team however didn’t expect just how big the episode would go over. When it was announced the Monsta X fandom catapulted viewership on the preview videos Cartoon Network had released into the millions. Fans quickly picked up on all the research that had been put into the episode by the We Bare Bears crew and loved it.

“The K-pop community online is unmatched,” praises Chong. “It is a force to be reckoned with and if they get on board with something that you’re doing, which they did on our show, it was just through the roof.”