As students wait outside an exam room in Seoul’s affluent Gangnam district, the air is tense. A girl in a school uniform rocks a guitar back and forth in her hands next to a boy who stares nervously into his fringe. Another girl sitting on a nearby bench adjusts her crop top. But in a neighbourhood filled with English and maths crammers, this is no normal exam room. This is a K-pop training academy, where dozens of students between the ages of 12 and 26 line up for their chance to audition for a visiting entertainment scout.

Kevin Lee is among this group of hopefuls. At 19, he has already moonlighted as a backup dancer for the phenomenally successful K-pop group BTS. He estimates that he has attended more than 50 K-pop auditions over the past four years. But this hasn’t been enough. Concerned about his age – most entertainment companies recruit school-aged trainees – Lee says he will give up on his dream if he isn’t accepted into a major entertainment company this year.

“It’s hard not to think about failure,” he says. “They say at 17 you have a 50% chance of becoming a trainee. I’m already 19 so my chances are slim.”

Lee is not alone – for many young Koreans K-pop is a desirable career choice and there are many academies like this one . Who wouldn’t want to be a part of this pop behemoth that has become South Korea’s best-known cultural export? It’s an industry worth $5bn; BTS alone sold more albums than Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish and Ariana Grande last year. But something is very wrong inside K-pop, and it points to a deeper malaise throughout South Korea.

There has been a spate of suicides and high-profile sex scandals involving K-pop stars in recent times. At the height of their fame, these men and women seem to have buckled under the strain, unable to live up to the demands placed on them to be polished, picture-perfect ambassadors of this effervescent pop music. Kim Jong-hyun, 27, a member of SHINee, took his own life in 2017 after speaking about the intense pressures brought on by success.

In March 2019, several male K-pop stars, including Seungri, a member of boyband Big Bang, Choi Jong-hoon, a former member of FT Island, and singer-songwriter Jung Joon-young were implicated in a spycam sexual abuse scandal, after Jung shared videos of women in a group chat. The case resulted in five- and six-year prison sentences for them respectively for their roles in gang raping drunk, unconscious women. Allegations also arose over Seungri’s ties to Burning Sun, a nightclub he founded where date-rape and sexual assault allegedly took place.

Then in October last year, Sulli, 25, a former member of the girl group f(x) killed herself. A month later, Goo Hara, 28, a former member of the group Kara and a close friend of Sulli, also took her own life.

It soon emerged that both women had been harassed online for months, if not years. Sulli had experienced sexist abuse and cyber-bullying from thousands of faceless male “anti-fans” (online haters) over her conduct and appearance. Goo had been hounded over a court case with an ex-boyfriend over a sex tape that had allegedly been filmed without her consent.

According to Mano Lee, a Seoul-based K-pop columnist, the sexism and misogyny that female stars face is a symptom of the way women are treated in wider society. “A lot of Korean women can relate to the issues that female celebrities deal with. They have experienced it themselves. While many feel unsafe due to the pervasiveness of molka, gender-based violence and victim-shaming,” she says.

Molka – from mollae, Korean for secret, and ka for camera – means the illicit filming of women. There has been widespread outrage over the spycam epidemic. In 2018, almost 6,800 cases of hidden camera crimes were reported to the supreme prosecutors’ office. In some cases, cameras were hidden in women’s public toilets and motel rooms, others involved the filming and sharing of videos of women taken by partners and former partners.

The revelations of the Jung Joon-young spycam scandal provoked fury across the nation. “K-pop tries to present a cleansed image of male stars as being kind, generous, that they are unlike patriarchal, sexist and unstylish Korean men,” says John Lie, a sociology professor at the University of California, Berkeley. “The shock came because of the gulf between the illusion and the reality.”

Yet, though K-pop stars are expected to live up to all but impossible standards, many might say that the pressure to be perfect is also intense for ordinary Koreans – K-pop simply takes what’s there in wider society and intensifies it.

“In order to get ahead in Korea, you have to step on someone else,” says Justin Shin, a Seoul-based fashion photographer who works closely with K-pop idols. “It’s like this from kindergarten, you have to leap ahead of all the other kids. All their lives, Koreans are exposed to competition – constantly being tested, evaluated and scored over their actions and academic achievements. It’s super-competitive.”

For most South Koreans, success means having the right “specs” or specifications: everyone is judged in terms of their family background, level of education, job title, wealth and appearance. “If you went to a great school, or you have a nice body that you worked hard to cultivate, or if you have an expensive foreign car – these are all different forms of specs,” says Michael Hurt, a sociologist at the University of Seoul.

For women in particular, having the right specs means being attractive and excelling at homemaking. But, says Shin Gi-wook, professor of sociology at Stanford University, the natural consequences of such a highly competitive society are jealousy and bullying: “Those who are more successful than others easily become the centre of gossip and rumours,” he says. In Sulli and Goo’s cases, the public shaming they experienced can be seen as a more extreme example of the scrutiny and criticism all Korean women are subjected to.

Sulli, whose real name was Choi Jin-ri, was among the few K-pop stars who supported the nation’s feminist “no bra” movement, daring to challenge Korean society’s strict female dress codes. For this, as well as for her past relationship with Choiza, a fellow musician 14 years her senior, which began when she was 19, Sulli became the target of online abuse – K-pop stars are expected to stay single for years and not date during their teens.

Sulli tried to address her detractors by appearing on a TV talk show about the cyber-bullying that celebrities face, telling viewers, “My life is actually empty. I feel like I’m lying to everyone by pretending to be happy on the outside.”

“So many celebrities have taken their lives because of this kind of criticism,” says one Korean jewellery designer who asked not to be named, and who says he knew Sulli for many years. He explains that another K-pop star he works with once received a bloody dagger in the mail “with real blood” and that receiving angry threats and letters was normal for many K-pop idols.

Like Sulli, Goo had been the target of severe online bullying since late 2018, when she entered a court battle against Choi Jong-bum, an ex-boyfriend who she claimed had threatened to release a sex video allegedly filmed without her consent. Choi was later acquitted and although the video was never released, Goo suffered from the events and her all-important K-pop image was badly damaged.

“Korean celebrities who take their lives tend to be women, I don’t think that’s an accident,” says Hurt. “I think there’s a kind of precariousness that female stars have to live with that men don’t.”

It’s certainly true that male K-pop stars don’t have to worry about wearing the wrong suit, for instance, while, for female stars, the risks of deviating even slightly from strict expectations about appearance are dire. “If you’re a woman your career can always end in an instant,” says Hurt. “You can be a top star but they’ll come after you with pitchforks. These women are stars, yet society is stacked against them. When police are coming at you, turning a victim into victimiser, it seems like a man can attack a female idol who has top lawyers and a big entertainment company behind her and still he has more protection.”

Back at the Seoul academy, Kim Tae-heon, 21, waits for his audition. Kim grew up in South Gyeongsang province in the rural southern region of the country. He moved to Seoul to attend the school two years ago and spends up to nine hours every day practising his singing, dancing and acting skills at the academy.

“Besides the obvious performance skills, you need a strong, stable mind to be able to do this,” he says. “I’ve seen people disappear along the way – at least six out of 10 will give up when they realise there are so many others who are better at this.”

For Kim, despite the intense competition, there is nothing else he could see himself doing. “Since I was young, I’ve always enjoyed being onstage. At school I would volunteer to sing or dance in front of others. It’s my joy in life.”

According to the academy’s founder, 386 former students – including Hye Bin from Momoland and Song Min-ho from Winner – have been recruited by major K-pop firms over the past five years. However, he admits the success rate is still very low. “Only 5-10% of our students make it past auditions . . .I find the ones who are successful are the ones who practise all day. I see them at the academy all the time.”

He says that around 40% of current students live outside Seoul. Many travel for hours every week by train or bus to get to and from the school, where they pay up to KRW600,000 (£400) a month for the opportunity to become an idol. According to him, this work ethic is the backbone of K-pop “The reason K-pop became so successful was because of its intense training system… And if these companies want to continue innovating the industry, they need to upgrade the training system,” he says. “These days, training is even longer and harder. But most of the better entertainment companies try to make this process as enjoyable as they can for trainees.”

Even for those who graduate to stardom, the hard work doesn’t end. Kevin Lee realised this while working behind the scenes with BTS. “When we went to dance practice for their shows, they’d always be arriving straight from their tours in other countries,” he says. “As soon as they get back they would go to practise for seven hours a day. They don’t rest, they work hard and that’s why they are able to achieve this level of success.”

While some criticism regarding K-pop’s gruelling training process is valid, the founder of the academy says South Koreans study just as much to pass suneung, the country’s national university entrance exam, and work as hard at entering other careers, such as the civil service and legal professions.

“K-pop is portrayed as this factory-like industry, but I question this view, because everyone in Korea is forced to study for years. If anything, people who are training to become idols are training for something they actually want to become,” he says. “They are living every day with a purpose and with a dream. And there’s freedom in that.”

Many, however, see things differently. The demanding nature of the industry can mean signing contracts that can leave stars feeling trapped. According to K-pop star Prince Mak, contracts can lock you in for up to 15 years, and the term doesn’t begin to count down until you are deemed a success, which can lock you in for years beyond the top line, while you are trained.

The financial rewards are also limited. Prince Mak told SBS PopAsia radio that K-pop stars don’t earn very much. The most common profit ratios are either 80% to the company and 20% to the artist, or 90% to the company and 10% to the artist. If you are in a group, the figures are worse still because the money is split between band members.

Most stars are obliged to repay the cost of their training to their record companies. So, while to their fans, it looks as if many K-pop stars are wealthy and independent, many are contractually bound employees with little personal freedom. Add to that the pressures of maintaining impossibly high standards of appearance and behaviour, and the tragedies of Sulli and Goo begin to seem less like a surprise.

In the wake of their deaths, the South Korean government discussed passing a new bill that would introduce cyber-bullying education at schools and workplaces. However, many believe policy alone is no solution, and the cause goes straight to the heart of societal expectations.

“K-pop has gone international and it brings pride to the country, but there’s this cultural programme of gender and social norms that’s impossible to win,” says Hurt. “You’d have to really thread a needle in a particular and perfect way, and I think that’s the thing about these K-pop stars going out into the spotlight… They can’t really win.”SEOUL -- The morning commute into Seoul from the nearby suburb of Ilsan used to take as long as an hour and a half by car. Now the trip can be made in about 30 minutes.

Empty roads are just one sign of how severely the coronavirus crisis disrupting business -- and everyday life -- in the country.

Smaller companies are taking some of the hardest hits.

Last week, Choi Jong-koo, CEO of budget airline Eastar Jet, sent a letter to employees explaining why the company was only able to pay them 40% of their wages.

"Corona-19 has pushed our company into its worst crisis. We tried some measures, such the government's emergency fund and financial institutions' aid, but they were not enough to resolve our problems," Choi said.

Eastar was already on rocky ground, with analysts predicting the company had fallen to a loss in 2019 after seeing profit plunge 88% the year before. On Monday, Eastar Holdings sold its 51.17% stake in the airline to Jeju Air, South Korea's largest budget carrier, for 54.5 billion won ($45.8 million), far lower than the expected price.

A spat over travel bans between the Japanese and South Korean governments has only darkened the outlook for airlines and other businesses. Tokyo announced on Thursday it would ban foreign visitors from the hardest-hit areas of South Korea and Iran. Seoul on Friday said it will consider "reciprocal" measure in response.

Asiana Airlines, South Korea's No. 2 full-service carrier, said it is considering cutting flights to Japan in response.

"It is a very serious situation. Japan still matters to us, even though its share decreased last year due to the political tensions between the two countries," said a spokesman for the airline. Sales from Japanese routes accounted for 10% of its passenger business revenue in the third quarter.

K-pop band Super Junior, meanwhile, announced on Friday that it is postponing indefinitely two concerts in Japan originally scheduled for late March due to the Japanese government's travel restrictions.

Even South Korea's economic giants are not immune to the impacts of the coronavirus, which had infected nearly 6,300 people in South Korea, the most outside of China, and killed 42 as of Friday.

Samsung Electronics, South Korea's biggest conglomerate by market capitalization, moved the venue for its general shareholders' meeting to a convention center in Suwon from its Seoul office to minimize risks to its business. The company also adopted an online voting system for the meeting to help shareholders exercise their rights without visiting the meeting in person.

Samsung also had to shut down its smartphone factory in Gumi, North Gyeongsang Province, on Saturday, after an employee there was confirmed to have been infected by the virus. The company resumed production on Sunday evening after authorities quarantined the production line.

Hyundai Motor, the largest automaker in the country, closed its second factory in the southeastern city of Ulsan, which mainly produces sport-utility vehicles, on Friday after an employee was confirmed to have the virus. The automaker said it resumed production from Monday. But Hyundai, along with other automakers, is also suffering from parts shortages as they import many auto parts from China.

The South Korean economy relies heavily on Samsung Electronics and Hyundai, whose combined sales account for one-fifth of the country's gross domestic product.

Disrupted production at these or other major companies would not only be blow for South Korea.

"Increasingly there is a chance that production inside [South] Korea is disrupted given the rise of infection cases," said Trinh Nguyen, an economist at French bank Natixis. Nguyen warned that such disruptions could impact other Asian countries and territories, such as Vietnam, Hong Kong and Singapore, as they depend on South Korean optical instruments, electronic parts and semiconductors, "meaning that the disruption to South Korea is similar to China and will reverberate most in the electronic supply chain."

The stock market has also taken a beating from the outbreak. The benchmark Kospi fell 3.87% on Feb. 24 on the news that the country's coronavirus infections had soared over the weekend, marking the biggest single-day fall in 16 months. The Kospi rebounded this week, gaining 2.24% on Wednesday, after the U.S. Fed announced a rate cut of 50 basis points.

While companies struggle to cope with falling demand, factory closures and other challenges, the outbreak is also prompting changes in South Korea's work culture.

SK Telecom, the No. 1 telecom company in the country, said that it will extend work-at-home policy to March 15 to fight the spread of the coronavirus. The company is using its own online solutions, including cloud computing and group calls, to deal with the disruption.

KT, the No. 2 telecom player, said last week that half of its employees will be working at home from Feb. 26 to March 6.

These moves represent a major change in a country known for spending long hours in the office. South Korea's working culture had become so notorious that the government passed a law two years ago cutting the maximum number of hours employees could work each week to 52 from 68.

School closures by the government have added pressure for companies to let employees work from home. The Education Ministry has shut down all kindergartens, primary and secondary schools until March 23, and has also advised colleges to offer online lectures for students until the coronavirus epidemic ends.

While few students are complaining about an unexpected holiday, however, the situation is causing serious headaches for working parents, many of whom are struggling to find someone who can take care of their children. More than seven parents out of 10 said they are in need of childcare help due to the school closures, according to a survey conducted by job search firm Incruit.

"I asked my mom to take care of my two children as I can't work at home," said a 42-year-old officer worker in the tech industry who asked to be identified only by her surname Lee. "This is crazy. I just wish it ends as soon as possible."

As parents slam the government for its apparent indifference to their plight, President Moon Jae-in in a cabinet meeting on Tuesday ordered the education minister to take steps to resolve the issue.

Beyond business, the coronavirus outbreak is also affecting social and religious life in South Korea, a country where 28% of the population identifies as Christian.

More than 80% of confirmed cases in South Korea have occurred in the southern city of Daegu and its surrounding North Gyeongsang Province. A minor Christian church called New Heaven and Earth, or Shincheonji in Korean, was the epicenter of the outbreak, according to the health authorities.

Lee Man-hee, head of the church, apologized to people and the government on Monday, bowing two times, but asked people to stop criticizing the secretive denomination.

His apology did little to assuage people's anger against the sect: More than 1.2 million people have filed a petition with the presidential Blue House accusing the New Heaven and Earth church of causing the virus outbreak in Daegu and demanding it be dissolved.

Churches in general are also under pressure to suspend their gatherings. Most of the big churches temporarily halted their Sunday worship and are asking their followers to worship at home via online channels. Seoul is home to some of the world's biggest mega churches, including Yoido Full Gospel Church with 460,000 members.

Daegu, meanwhile, continues to see the number of cases rise. The number of confirmed cases in the city jumped to 4,006 with 24 deaths as of Wednesday, up 405 from a day ago.

The fourth-largest city in South Korea, with a population of 2.4 million, was once a major industrial hub. Samsung originally started its business in the city 80 years ago, though it now has only baseball club, the Samsung Lions, there.

The city's industrial importance has weakened over recent decades as many textile companies moved their factories out of the city to China or Southeast Asia where labor costs are lower.The roots of Korean participation in modern pop culture can be traced back decades. For instance, in 1959, the Kim Sisters, a singing trio, arrived in Las Vegas for the first of many performances. This group, who appeared 22 times on The Ed Sullivan Show, have been called “cultural ambassadors” and “America’s original K-pop stars”.

But hallyu, or the Korean wave, only kicked off following the Asian financial crisis in the late 1990s. According to a new book, South Korean Popular Culture and North Korea, South Korea’s government “targeted the export of popular media culture as a new economic initiative, one of the major sources of foreign revenue vital for the country’s economic survival and advancement”. In 1998, President Kim Dae-jung, who called himself the “President of Culture”, was inaugurated. His administration started to loosen the ban on cultural products imported from Japan, which had been a reaction to the Japanese colonisation of Korea in the first half of the 20th Century; first manga was allowed back in. The following year, the government introduced the Basic Law for Cultural Industry Promotion and allocated $148.5 million (£113 million) to this.

In music, South Korean pop groups had flourished domestically in the early 1990s. Seo Taiji & Boys debuted on a Korean talent show in 1992, marking the start of modern K-pop, with its integration of English lyrics, hip hop elements, and dance. By the mid-90s, the K-pop star system had become entrenched in South Korea.

Yet the government wanted to spread their culture around the world – and it started in an unlikely place. South Korea’s first major global successes were soapy TV programmes known as K-dramas, initially intended for domestic audiences, but which found popularity in other parts of Asia and further afield. 2002’s Winter Sonata became a global phenomenon partly through the South Korean government’s deals with broadcasters in strategic locations, like Iraq and Egypt, to increase positive feelings towards Korea.NBC’s “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” made an unprecedented effort for BTS’ premiere performance of its new single “On” last month. 



The production team booked New York’s Grand Central Terminal, one of the busiest transit hubs anyway. The station was shut down to keep filming top-secret. And a crew of 180 people moved with extra scrutiny to pull off the landmark show solely dedicated to BTS. 



For the five-minute spectacle, the whole arrangement took more than two months. The heavily financed show was the biggest collaboration project between BTS and a US TV show to date, and was a testament to how K-pop is being embraced in the world’s largest pop market today. 









BTS paved way 



Now it is easy to spot K-pop acts appearing in high-profile US TV shows like “The Ellen DeGeneres Show,” “Good Morning America” and “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” But it wasn’t until BTS paved the way that the whole scope of K-pop began to change in the US.



BTS started US promotions in 2017 by teaming up with Sony Music-owned distributor The Orchard. The group was already gaining a huge following via social media, but TV shows were the perfect stage to appeal to a wider audience with diverse demographics. 



“In the past, it was difficult for a K-pop band to appear in a US TV show. Even when a deal was made, the broadcast took the helm. But after BTS’ huge success, the table has been turned,” William Koo, an official from The Orchard, told The Korea Herald.



Their stylish and powerful performances, accompanied by massive chanting and sing-alongs, truly impressed local promoters and casting directors who were gauging the marketability of BTS and other K-pop artists.







Over the years, BTS has become a regular fixture on talk shows in the states. The act became the first K-pop group to perform on the iconic “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve” in 2017. In April last year they appeared as musical guests on the highly coveted “Saturday Night Live,” a live stage known to be notoriously difficult even for local pop stars. 



Their promotion for its latest “Map of the Soul: 7” album was fully packed with filming engagements in the US as well. On the day of the album release on Feb. 21, BTS appeared on two TV shows: “Today” and “MTV Fresh Out.” Just a day after appearing on the BTS-exclusive “The Tonight Show” episode on Feb. 24, the group made its debut appearance on James Corden’s “Carpool Karaoke” series. 



“BTS created the kind of demand and acceptance for K-pop in the US broadcasts. Now they keep asking us, ‘Who is next BTS?’ ‘Is there any female-version of BTS?’” Koo added. 





K-pop flooding TV shows 



Following in BTS’ footsteps, a stream of K-pop idols started flooding US TV shows. Super M and NCT 127, having teamed up with Universal Music’s subsidiary Capitol Records, appeared on shows like “Ellen,” “Today” and “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” Blackpink, in a partnership with Universal subsidiary Interscope Records, appeared on “Good Morning America.” 



Having inked a deal with Sony Music’s Epic Records, Monsta X made headlines on “The Kelly Clarkson Show.” Itzy, a rookie group under JYP Entertainment, became the first female K-pop act to appear on “Good Day New York,” while Stray Kids, another JYP rookie group, also debuted on shows like “Live with Kelly and Ryan.” 



“The so-called ‘K-pop quota’ is now diminishing,” said an industry source on condition of anonymity. According to the source, US TV shows had limited space for K-pop acts amid a surge in their appearances. 



“But the quota isn’t effective anymore. Casting directors are competing to attract popular acts into their shows. K-pop is becoming mainstream.” 



NBC’s “Today,” for instance, recently invited two K-pop acts two days in a row. Monsta X performed its English single “You Can’t Hold My Heart” on the show on Feb. 20 and on the next day BTS appeared in a live interview at the show’s plaza to promote the new album. 



“K-pop agencies, equipped with partnership with US publishers, are increasingly becoming more vocal in working with US broadcasts. US production teams also have better understanding of K-pop’s rather strict system,” the source said. 









Language barriers



Despite their frequent appearances, there are still language and cultural barriers for K-pop stars to make inroads into the US market. 



US talk shows have to entertain viewers within a limited time, while K-pop agencies try to control sensitive questions. So the hosts usually ask simple, fun questions without translators. 



“Since there are many members in a group and many of them are non-English speakers, it is hard for the hosts to throw in-depth questions. They don’t have much time for that,” said Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of arts and science at George Mason University Korea. 



In many cases, there are one or two English-speaking members who answer the questions, with other members given fewer opportunities to showcase their own charm. 



But Lee stressed that K-pop artists should take full advantage of the hard-earned opportunities because promoting their names during the shows -- even for a short period of time -- would greatly help them appeal to the general audience in the market. 



“What’s as important as better English is showing their own characteristics, so that US audiences can see them as distinct musicians, not as another K-pop idol,” Lee added. 



By Hong Dam-young ( Despite their frequent appearances, there are still language and cultural barriers for K-pop stars to make inroads into the US market.US talk shows have to entertain viewers within a limited time, while K-pop agencies try to control sensitive questions. So the hosts usually ask simple, fun questions without translators.“Since there are many members in a group and many of them are non-English speakers, it is hard for the hosts to throw in-depth questions. They don’t have much time for that,” said Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of arts and science at George Mason University Korea.In many cases, there are one or two English-speaking members who answer the questions, with other members given fewer opportunities to showcase their own charm.But Lee stressed that K-pop artists should take full advantage of the hard-earned opportunities because promoting their names during the shows -- even for a short period of time -- would greatly help them appeal to the general audience in the market.“What’s as important as better English is showing their own characteristics, so that US audiences can see them as distinct musicians, not as another K-pop idol,” Lee added.By Hong Dam-young ( lotus@heraldcorp.com(CNN) Yes, South Korea is tiny. The entire country, plus its northern neighbor, could fit inside Michigan. But within that small country, something revolutionary was born that has taken the world by storm -- Korean pop, aka K-pop.

Last year, a BTS concert at London's Wembley stadium -- which can hold 90,000 people -- sold out in just 90 minutes . Blackpink's music video for "Kill This Love" racked up more than 56 million views on Youtube in the first 24 hours. These are extraordinary feats given the fact that the world didn't even know about K-pop just ten years ago.

With K-pop being one of South Korea's biggest exports ( BTS alone accounts for $4.65 billion of the nation's GDP), entertainment companies are recruiting the best songwriters and producers to make their next hits, and many of them happen to be from the US.

And while these American producers and songwriters have worked with some of the biggest names in the States like Bruno Mars or Justin Bieber, many of them credit K-pop as their saving grace when they struggled to stay afloat in the US.

"In this music industry, the highs are really high and the lows are really low. It's tough to survive in this thing," said Jonathan Yip of the production and songwriting team, The Stereotypes.

"We could've quit plenty of times ... But we got the opportunity to go to Korea and they embraced us," Yip told CNN.

From Taeyang's timeless "Eyes, Nose, Lips" to the latest BTS hit "ON," these American songwriters and producers have brought their talents to help create the songs that we love.

Here are some of the biggest US songwriters and producers in K-pop right now:

Behind: Red Velvet's "Bad Boy," BoA's "Kiss My Lips," Taemin's "Press Your Number," Super Junior's "Devil," Jessi's "Gucci"

But after "Girls on the Dance Floor" became a hit, the Stereotypes hit a slump.

"We had conversations between each other like, 'Dang, what are we going to do?' Yip told CNN. "The checks aren't coming in and all the checks that do come in are going to rent. And it's just like, 'What are we going to do?'"

But an opportunity to delve into the world of K-pop presented itself when executives from SM Entertainment visited them in LA.

SM then invited them to South Korea, where they began producing more than 20 songs a week. While it was hard work, Yip said K-pop allowed them to be creative in different ways than what American music allowed.

"Here in America, people want it simple and, you know, a four-bar loop," Yip said.

"But the thing they really stress over there in (Korea) is changes within the beat ... From the verse to the pre-hook, there's a change. From the second hook to the bridge, there's a change. They want to be able to change your emotion every time, which we love because that allows us to be more musical," Yip added.

Behind: BTS' "Boy With Luv," "ON," "Euphoria," Twice's "Trick It," I.O.I's "Crush," TXT's "Crown," EVERGLOW's "Bon Bon Chocolate"

Songwriter Melanie Fontana and producer Lindgren, are the ultimate power couple, having worked with the biggest name in K-pop, BTS.

Fontana's songwriting career kicked off when she was just a teenager, after she helped write Justin Bieber's "Home This Christmas." She started her K-pop journey in 2013, helping write "Stay Girls" for Girls' Generation.

But her life was forever changed when she helped write "Euphoria" for BTS' Jungkook.

"If it wasn't for that moment, I don't think we would be here right now," Fontana told CNN. "It was a stadium favorite of theirs and I just couldn't believe how big it was. I knew BTS was big. I always admired them from afar, but I didn't think a boy band would really want to work with some girl, you know? But turns out they do."

After seeing Fontana's talent, Big Hit Entertainment, which manages BTS, approached her again to help write more songs for the seven-member group.

She and Lindgren went right into the studio and after sending ideas back and forth from LA to Seoul, "Boy with Luv" was born.

And while Fontana and Lindgren said the song was definitely a collaborative effort with other songwriters and producers, seeing a song they helped write become so successful was "one of the greatest honors of life."

"It's like seeing your art hung in the Louvre," Fontana said. "All an artist can really hope for is the appreciation of people and it's incredibly rewarding, especially when you've worked in a genre that's been kind of looked at as less than for a long time."

"When I started writing K-pop, some of my American colleagues were like, 'Don't you want to work for somebody who's like blowing up in America?' And I just had this affinity for K-pop and I was like, 'Well yeah, I do want to write for American artists, but I also have a passion for this too," Fontana said.

For all you Blackpink fans, thank Bekuh BOOM for the fact that "Boombayah" is actually pronounced 'boombayah' and not 'boombayay.'

When the 25-year-old songwriter was sent a text by YG Entertainment's famous producer, Teddy, to help write Blackpink's debut single, he let her know that he wanted the song's title to be "Boombayay." But she read it as "Boombayah," and that's how the song that helped Blackpink explode onto the scene was made.

Bekuh started writing songs when she just 10 years old as a way to cope with her parents' divorce.

"The first song I ever wrote was about my parents' divorce and it was called 'I'm Stronger,'" Bekuh said. "Then every time I liked a boy in school or anytime I was going through anything, I would come home, close the door and I would take out notebooks and just write a bunch of songs."

Despite her talent, Bekuh's songs failed to catch the attention of American artists. But luckily for her, they did catch the attention of YG Entertainment.

They put her on a plane and brought her to Korea. While she felt shy and out of place, one of the first artists she was able to connect with was Taeyang. He and Bekuh bonded over their shared Christian faith and the next thing she knew, she was writing the chorus to "Eyes, Nose, Lips."

"When I got that song, in the eyes of the company in Korea, I was a valuable asset," Bekuh said. "But when it came to America, nobody cared ... So I decided to live (in Korea) basically for a year."

With Bekuh's songwriting skills, Blackpink became one of the top girl groups in Korea overnight. But Bekuh said she felt the most success with "Kill This Love" because it charted on American iTunes.

"It went all the way to #1 and that was a huge thing for me because basically I had to travel halfway across the world just to get my music played in my own country years later," Bekuh said. "The place I started out in, nobody believed in me or got my vision ... So I feel like I completely owe my whole career to Teddy and YG."

Bekuh says she has a new song coming out with Jennifer Lopez and is even working on her own EP that she hopes to release sometime this year. But even as she branches out in her career, she said K-pop will always have a special place in her heart.

"(K-pop) has blessed my life in so many ways and has showed me different views and different ways of life," Bekuh said. "Anytime that Teddy or anyone there needs me, I will drop everything to be there for them because they have completely changed my life for the better."

Behind: EXO's "Overdose," "Monster," Girls' Generation's "Mr.Mr.," Taeyeon's "Why," Red Velvet's "Red Dress," NCT 127's "Kick It"

Rodnae "Chikk" Bell was already writing for big US names such as Iggy Azalea, Jordin Sparks and Jennifer Hudson in her first year of songwriting. So when her publisher asked her if she wanted to go to Korea, she was skeptical.

"I was like, 'Why?' But that publisher just had an ear and he's like, 'I think you'll do really well there.' I honestly didn't think I would, but it was a free trip and they said they'd feed me so I said, 'I'll go,'" Chikk said.

Chikk flew to Korea in 2013 and despite it being her first time in a foreign country working with foreign artists, she came back home having written two major hits -- EXO's "Overdose" and "Mr.Mr." for Girls' Generation.

"I left with two #1's and I was like, 'Whoa, maybe I actually am good,'" Chikk said. "Now, I'm averaging almost four trips a year."

Chikk mirrored what Yip of the Stereotypes said about how American pop artists want repetition in their music while K-pop artists want more complex melodies and changes within their music. Chikk said the reason for it traces back all the way to the Korean War.

"So Korea technically, since the rebuild, was built on complex melodies and during that crucial time of coming together as a country, it was built on black music," Chikk said.

But with black music and culture being such a driving force in the genre, K-pop has also been accused of cultural appropriation.

Chikk said what hurts more than seeing K-pop artists being accused of cultural appropriation is the lack of credit that's being given to songwriters.

"I remember once hearing years ago that you will never see any artists of color on the Korean charts. That's what an executive in Korea told me," Chikk recalled. "But when I looked around, everyone was of a different race writing the song. I think that is what hurts and what we're fighting for. Inclusivity in the acknowledgment of who's really helping these artists be who they are."

"I found a part of myself across the world in another country," Chikk said. "K-pop has given me this sense of identity and told me that I was born to do great things."

Correction: This story has been updated to give a more accurate size comparison for North and South Korea.South Korean K-pop boy band BTS visits The Today Show in New York on February 21. Photo: IC

Thirty years ago his floppy hair, make-up, and flamboyant fashion sense outraged audiences, who threw stones at him as he performed on stage and threatened to beat him at shows.Today, 50-year-old Korean-American singer Yang Joon-il is enjoying an unlikely comeback, re-discovered by the YouTube and social media generation through online clips and hailed as a forerunner to today's K-pop stars.The K-pop industry is now estimated to generate $5 billion a year and many of its male stars are celebrated at home and abroad for their gender fluidity, while Yang - who was once shunned for exactly that - is often compared to current idol G-Dragon, lead of hugely popular band BIGBANG.Standing in front of a 2,000-strong crowd at an appearance in Seoul, the middle-aged singer felt speechless as they cheered: He had never experienced such mass adoration."There are no words to describe what that moment was like. I felt like I could not breathe," Yang tells AFP.He is "extremely surprised" by his new-found popularity, he adds. "I'd like to ask them: 'Why do you like me?'"It was a marked contrast from his early music career.In the early 1990s, the South was emerging from decades of military rule, but a nascent cultural renaissance had yet to influence social values and neither his appearance nor performance style conformed to Korean norms of the time.Nationalist sentiment was widespread and his culture-crossing background - he was born in Vietnam to Korean parents who later emigrated to the US - was unwelcome.Yang made a few appearances on the nation's top pop television shows - displaying moves that would not be out of place in a K-pop video today - but struggled to find mainstream appeal as many found his approach too "effeminate" and "foreign.""I just felt that Korea and I were incompatible," Yang says.Yang quickly faded into obscurity, working as an English teacher until he moved to the US in 2015.He struggled to make ends meet with a wife and toddler son to support and confesses to feeling suicidal until he secured a job as waiter in Florida, working 14 hours a day.Keung Yoon Bae, who researches film and media at Harvard, says Yang first emerged when "an explosion of Korean pop had to coexist with a still-conservative social climate."Within a few years of Yang's brief moment in the spotlight, emerging stars including Seo Taeji and Boys, a band considered as innovators who marked the start of modern K-pop, were laying the ground for its expansion to global popularity, now epitomized by septet BTS."I didn't really think I was ahead of my time," Yang insists.Yang's big break came three decades after he first began performing.In 2018 South Korean television stations started streaming long-archived pop TV shows on YouTube, and millenials discovered him.Word spread until it was picked up by mainstream media, and in December 2019 he made his comeback television appearance.The singer's rise to fame comes at a time when intergenerational conflict is mounting in South Korea.Citizens now in their 50s and 60s worked for and benefitted from rapid economic growth and value endurance and conformity, but many Koreans in their 20s and 30s refer to themselves as members of the Sampo, or "three sacrifice," generation - forced to give up marriages, relationships and children in the face of intense job competition and expensive housing in the country's cut-throat economy."Before discovering Yang, I'd never met anyone in their 50s who made me think, 'Wow, that person is cool, that's how I want to be like 20 or 30 years from now," said Lee Young-jun, a 35-year-old YouTuber who creates fan content about Yang."But Yang is different.""It's very meaningful for us to wrap up the world tour with an event involving fans from across the globe, although we feel sorry about being unable to stage the finale concert in Seoul," the band said during the online show.Seo Taiji and Boys debuted on a TV talent show in 1992 with a hybrid sound, bold look and hip-hop moves that struck a chord with the public.
• An account for a fake K-pop group called 6irly was created earlier this week, garnering over 2,000 followers before it was exposed.
• Certain elements of the 6irly's conduct online led K-pop fans like Sophi Barbarics to believe that it was fake, including simple Korean phrases, English misspellings, and lack of a company website.
• The incident is a testament to the ways fans make snap judgments and evaluate information in fandom spaces.

If there's anything close to a universal truth about K-pop stans on Twitter, it's that they love community drama. Earlier this week, an account claiming to promote an upcoming Korean girl group called 6irly (i.e. "girly") circulated on K-pop stan twitter, quickly drawing in potential fans who initially believed that 6irly was a real group. The account amassed over 2,000 followers over the course of two days before its owners, who remain unidentified, deleted the account after a tweet from user @95vore exposing the group gained significant attention.

The entire incident is a testament to K-pop stans' willingness to clown, but more importantly indicative of how fans make snap judgments and evaluate information online.

A thread from @95vore, who is actually 20-year-old Sophi Barbarics, provided a neat timeline of 6irly's rise and fall. The 6irly account originally began tweeting on March 16 under the name "6irlfriend," a title that garnered attention for its similarity to current K-pop girl group GFriend. According to Sophi, fans of GFriend jumped into the replies of 6irly's (at the time, 6irlfriend's) first tweet, noting that the two groups had similar-sounding English names (GFriend's Korean name is 여자친구, yeoja chingu). That brought additional attention to the account.

From the start, Sophi was suspicious.

"I'm always wary of pre-debut groups that only have a Twitter account because this isn't the first time a fake group popped up," she said over Twitter DM. 6irly's account began to look more suspicious, and its new member introductions read like idol biographies available on sites like Kprofiles.

While digging, Sophi and other suspicious K-pop fans discovered that 6irly's hypothetical label, JCM Entertainment, hadn't been active online since the company's previous group, 4L, disbanded in 2016. After someone discovered that the second "member" of the group, who was introduced under the name Im Da-Eun, was actually Instagram user @ryun__aa, all bets were off.

After 6irly was exposed, the account stated that it only wanted to promote "nugu" (a Korean word that means "who" and is frequently used in a derogatory manner to describe less popular artists) girl groups."I'm guessing their main motivation was just to troll while laughing with each other about all the fans they tricked," Sophi said. "If they had gone, say, a week or two weeks without being exposed they definitely could have reached 10,000 Twitter followers." However, the account deactivated several hours later.

While the hoax was short-lived, a significant number of fans hopped on the 6irly bandwagon. Some created accounts to compile photos of the group; another created an account for updates on 6irly. K-pop profile websites like Kprofiles and Kpopping both listed profiles pages for 6irly that have since been deleted but remain indexed in Google search.

A Google search for the term "6irly" reveals that sites like Kprofiles and Kpopping created profiles for the group that have since been deleted. Google

This isn't the first time that this has happened on K-pop stan Twitter. In 2016, a fake girl group called Lion Girls circulated on Twitter and Instagram, garnering coverage from K-pop news sites like Soompi before Hunus Entertainment — supposedly Lion Girls' label — confirmed that the group was not affiliated with the agency.

Last year, the same thing happened in reverse with a group named Purplebeck, which debuted under a company called Majesty Entertainment in June 2019. The group's official account had been unusually friendly with fans on Twitter, following many of them back; after a tweet claiming that the company's address led to a 7/11 began circulating, K-pop fans by and large believed that the group was a scam. Eventually, Majesty Entertainment put out a statement clarifying details used in accusations against the group, which turned out to be real.

K-pop fans make snap judgments on potential new groups. For many fans who don't speak Korean, short Korean phrases aren't as much of a red flag, nor are purposeful English misspellings or grammatical errors, which reinforce the notion that Korean (and broadly, Asian) non-native English speakers always speak in broken English. According to Sophi, other factors like a lack of a company website or the use of selfies as opposed to professionally produced teaser photos contribute to whether new groups come off as hoaxes.

Ultimately, it's a testament to the ability of misinformation to spread online, even in spaces with lower stakes like Twitter fandom. "People will believe what they want to believe, especially if it's harmless," Sophi said.
• From 'periodt' to 'and I oop,' the most common stan culture and VSCO girl slang is rooted in cultural appropriation
• 'Stupid Love,' supposedly an upcoming Lady Gaga track, went viral after her fans circulated the 'leaked' song
• Coronavirus memes are spreading as the disease travels across the world — here's what they look like and why creators say they're importantMounting fears of the coronavirus outbreak are taking a heavy toll on K-pop overall.

High-profile concerts like those of BTS and Twice are getting canceled, while multiple artists back from global events are being tested for possible infections.

On Friday, K-pop juggernaut BTS announced it has canceled the Seoul leg of “Map of the Soul” world tour scheduled for April to prioritize the health of artists, fans and staff.

The act’s label Big Hit Entertainment said the decision was unavoidable, quoting the city government’s strengthened restrictions on public events, as well as the gravity of the situation.

The four-day concerts in Seoul -- the first stop of the monthlong tour -- were expected to attract over 200,000 concert goers.

Despite the canceled Seoul concert, uncertainty still grows over the remaining tour dates in other cities as the virus continues to spread globally. BTS plans to start the US leg in late April and travel to dozens of cities through September.

A Big Hit spokesperson declined to comment on the remaining tours.

Other delayed or canceled events include: Twice’s Seoul finale concert of its “Twicelights” world tour; (G)I-DLE’s new album release and world tour; GOT7, Taeyeon and Kim Sung-kyu of Infinite’s Taiwan shows; and Red Velvet, NCT Dream and TVXQ’s Japan shows.

As offline public events are being canceled, some acts are turning to online platforms as alternatives.

BTS held their comeback press conference in Seoul last month without reporters in presence. Instead, they received questions prior to the event and livestreamed the Q&A session via YouTube.

NCT 127 who will release a new album “NCT #127 Neo Zone” this Friday will promote the new album online only like recorded music shows and promotional video contents.

ITZY of JYP Entertainment is also said to be discussing alternative online promotions for their imminent comeback.

Despite such measures, concerns are mounting as a whopping 81 countries around the globe have either banned the entry of people traveling from Korea or strengthened quarantine steps as of Monday. It accounts for about 42 percent of the UN member countries.

“Since we can’t predict how many more countries will bar the entry or how long the outbreak will last, we can’t help but just cancel overseas shows. There’s no other solution,” said an industry source on condition of anonymity. Another source who manages overseas K-pop shows also said, “Since almost every global project is canceled, we don’t have much work to do these days. It’s an emergency, hard time for everyone.”

K-pop agencies that are promoting a rookie act or readying the launch of new acts also took the hit. In their early stages, it is crucial to build a stable fandom through various offline events that sometimes require close interactions between fans and artists. But not being able to hold any face-to-face meetings would seriously impact a budding act’s career, industry officials say. Rookies like UNVS, Everglow and Elris have recently canceled their showcases and fan meetings.

Earlier this week, the virus posed even more direct threat to the industry when two of the staff members who returned from Italy with soloist Chungha tested positive. Chungha, who tested negative, canceled all of her remaining schedule and went into self-isolation.

In the face of the blow, Korea Entertainment Producer’s Association recently said that it will closely look into the extent of damage and come up with countermeasures to minimize the virus’ impact on the local music scene.

Meanwhile, Korea reported 476 new COVID-19 on Monday, bringing the total number of infections here to 4,212.Adding to the phenomenal global ascent of K-pop, led by boy band BTS, another Korean band, SuperM, hit No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart last October, furthering the global influence of Korean pop music.It was a major feat accomplished in SuperM's widely publicized collaboration with Capitol Music Group, a major American music label under Universal Music Group, and a culmination of an increasing number of similar collaboration deals between K-pop artists and American music labels and talent agencies.Recently, two roaring K-pop female acts have landed deals with American music agencies in their ambitious bids to launch careers in the US music market.In late February, JYP Entertainment, the South Korean agency for girl band TWICE, said it has forged a partnership with Republic Records, another unit under Universal Music Group, home to such high-profile American artists as Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande and Post Malone.The partnership is aimed at jumpstarting the girl band's inroads into the US, as well as the broader global pop market.This week, MNH Entertainment, the South Korean management agency of female soloist Chungha, also said it has signed a contract with ICM Partners, a major American talent agency, to work toward Chungha's debut in the US.Headquartered in Los Angeles, ICM Partners is a talent and literary agency that represents, or has represented, Nicki Minaj, Beyonce, Khalid, Orlando Bloom and Megan Fox.ICM landed agreements with more K-pop artists earlier this year, including US-born K-pop singer AleXa, as well as soloist Ha Sung-woon, with an eye on launching the K-pop artists into the American music scene.Those deals came as K-pop has emerged as a promising genre for the global music scene, especially after BTS achieved breakout success in the American mainstream and proved the sustainability of its musical influence in the US and beyond with its latest, fourth No. 1 on the Billboard 200.Such deals have already started to bear fruit.Six-piece boy band Monsta X landed its first English-language album, "All About Luv," at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 albums chart last month in a collaboration with American music label Epic Records.Monsta X's local agency Starship Entertainment signed a partnership with Epic Records, a unit under Sony Music Entertainment, in May last year.Monsta X's latest Billboard feat with the first English album under the collaboration made the band the third K-pop band to hit the top five on the Billboard 200 chart, after BTS and SuperM, paving the way for a solid career in the American and global music market.Another K-pop boy band, Ateez, is also on a solid course to establish itself in the American music market through a collaboration deal with RCA Records, a unit of Sony Music, signed in July last year. (Yonhap)Dua Lipa has released her latest foray into the K-pop scene, revealing a new remix of her latest single that features one of the industry’s top divas.

The newly released “Physical” remix featuring Hwa Sa of girl group MAMAMOO brings even more power to the ‘80s-inspired, synth-dance track. The K-pop star kicks things off with new lyrics in Korean with Hwa Sa’s alluring, purring vocals right at home on the bouncy beat. The women come together on the chant-ready chorus and bridge in what may be one of the most natural pop/K-pop mashups in recent memory.

Just like Dua Lipa, Hwa Sa is also a known boundary-pusher in her field. The starlet made her solo debut last year with the sassy “Twit” (below) that calls out a sad excuse of a man, not unlike the themes in past Dua singles like “Don't Start Now” or “IDGAF.” As well as a part of MAMAMOO, Hwa Sa has used songs like “Hip” or “Gogobebe” to also share empowering and confident messages to stand out among other K-pop acts.

This new remix marks Dua Lipa’s second foray into the K-pop scene. In 2018, Dua teamed up with the female K-pop quartet BLACKPINK for the track “Kiss and Make Up” that featured on the deluxe "complete" edition of the former's self-titled debut album. Despite not being an official single, the song was a chart hit in America and South Korea, hitting the Top 40 in large markets like the UK, Australia and New Zealand. In fact with more than 335,000 streams to date, the song is one of the most streamed K-pop songs ever.

As the affinity between the west and east pop markets continue grow, there still have been many misses or awkward collaborations that haven’t come together successfully. No doubt, Dua and her team are being smart about their connections into the K-pop world with collaborations that have felt natural and a way for both collaborators to lift each other up.Last October, K-pop singer Goo Hara took to Instagram and completely broke down. She was mourning the loss of fellow K-pop star Sulli, a former member of the wildly popular girl group f(x). Sulli had died by suicide, found the day before by her manager, no note left behind.

In her livestream, Hara’s tear-stained face was swollen with grief. She didn’t comment on the circumstances surrounding Sulli’s death—instead, for three minutes, she spoke as if she were saying goodbye to her best friend. Her “sister.” She apologized that she would have to miss the funeral because she was stuck out of the country for work.

Thousands of fans watched Hara’s pain unfold in real time. They left broken-heart emoji in the comments and asked if she was okay. “I will live twice more diligently,” Hara said. “Dear fans, I will be fine. Don’t worry about me.”

A little over a month later, Hara, too, would take her own life.

The thing about K-pop is that while other music might make you feel moody or mad at your ex or over it all, K-pop makes you feel good.

The sticky, upbeat songs never get unstuck from your brain, and you don’t want them to. Artists are both memes and icons, putting on the kinds of performances that require all caps to describe. Impressive for a class of music that’s new(ish): It really took off in 2012 around the time Psy’s hit “Gangnam Style” went viral. Today, it’s a multibillion-dollar business. Boy band BTS brings in $3.6 billion to South Korea’s economy every year all by themselves.

And that’s just at home. Across the world, stadium-size shows routinely sell out. When BTS added a last-minute stop in New York City to its 2019 tour, tickets were gone in less than 20 minutes. Stars regularly appear on morning shows, late-night TV, and red carpets proselytizing K-pop’s peppy, polished reputation. It’s what they’re asked and allowed to do. 



What they’re not allowed to do is reveal the often toxic, manipulative, and inhumane circumstances behind the scenes that push some performers to extremes. “K-pop’s history is a history of cover-ups,” says John Lie, author of K-Pop: Popular Music, Cultural Amnesia, and Economic Innovation in South Korea. “Exploitation is one of the worst abuses.”

Exposing the industry’s insidious problems has been next to impossible, largely because the perpetrators are the singers’ own bosses. “What makes K-pop different—and more exploitative in some ways—is that artists are employees,” explains Lie. All-powerful entertainment companies dictate their every public (and sometimes private) move. In fact, stars are often bound by ironclad contracts that prevent them from speaking out.

I would know. I reached out to dozens of people in K-pop and I was continually ignored, ghosted, or strung along. This story almost didn’t happen. Until one artist finally agreed to speak to me.

“Many artists don’t want to talk because they get threatened—they’re afraid of being blacklisted from the industry and feel powerless compared to the companies,” K-pop artist, songwriter, and YouTuber Grazy Grace exclusively tells Cosmo. “But it was important for me to speak honestly so that others don’t make the same mistakes I did.”

It all starts in the dorms. Unlike here, where getting a music executive’s attention can be a stroke of luck, there’s really only one funnel into the world of K-pop: participating in often years-long training programs run by entertainment companies whose goal is to mass-produce punch-cut pop stars like an assembly line, exporting the better-than-perfect ones onto the stage.

Trainees can start as young as 11 years old. Many cram into rooms (in Grace’s case, with eight other people), sleeping on bunk beds or the floor. Living away from family and friends, typically in Seoul, they’re forced to work 12-hour days or longer, memorizing lyrics and dance moves, practicing until they don’t make a mistake. All for free. “Payment” comes in the form of a room and dance and voice lessons…and sometimes nose jobs and double-eyelid lifts so aspiring stars can look the part.

“It was my dream to become a singer,” says Grace, who went through training in hopes of being chosen for a girl group. “Until I realized how bad it was mentally. I developed insomnia. I couldn’t sleep for six months straight. I started to feel anxiety but didn’t even know what an anxiety attack was. I didn’t want to share my feelings because I didn’t want to get cut from the company. I thought if I looked too depressed, I’d be let go.”

So she dealt with verbal attacks whenever her voice cracked. She kept quiet through weekly weight checks. Girls like Grace weren’t allowed to gain even one-quarter of one pound, she says. (In 2018, Momo, a singer in the K-pop group Twice, posted on the social media platform Vlive that she was only eating one ice cube a day until she dropped more than 15 pounds.)

“You kind of lose who you are,” says Grace. And that’s not by accident. Some trainees’ rooms are monitored by closed-circuit cameras, and cell phones are frequently checked by managers. Social media posts, too, must often be approved, every single selfie scrutinized before posting. (Part of this is to make sure there’s no interaction with a trainee of the opposite sex. Romantic relationships could result in termination—even actual K-pop Idols, as those who “make it” are called, are often contractually barred from dating for the first few years of their career in order to appear available.)



And once you’re in, you’re in. Some trainees sign contracts that stipulate that if they quit, they have to pay back everything the program invested in them. Depending on the company, that can be tens of thousands of dollars.

Most won’t though. Grace didn’t. After three years of strenuous, unpaid work, the company let her go.

For those fortunate enough to reach Idol status, things don’t get better. Sometimes, they get worse, for little more than the illusion of being rich and famous. Because while K-pop concerts sell out in minutes, some artists can’t even afford to buy a friend a last-row ticket to their own shows. When Lee Lang won Best Folk Song at the 2017 Korean Music Awards, she used her speech to auction off her trophy to pay rent. There was laughter and then an uncomfortable silence in the room—until someone piped up and bought it for $422.

“K-pop musicians don’t enjoy much wealth,” says Lie. Instead, their predatory contracts, which can outlast their careers, allow for very little compensation. That’s because most artists aren’t really viewed as artists at all but as assets.

While profiteering off pop stars is hardly a new thing (see: Lou Pearlman, the notoriously exploitative manager of the Backstreet Boys and NSYNC), it’s especially intense in K-pop. “Companies are trying to maximize profits in a short amount of time,” says K-pop expert Hye Jin Lee, PhD, a clinical assistant professor at USC’s Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism. “The career life span of an Idol is very short.” Few make it to 30.

For women, the problems compound. While female stars aren’t usually allowed to be in a relationship, that doesn’t stop managers from selling sexualized personas of them to fans. Once, a male investor even tried to broker a deal to take Grace to “dinner” for $30,000.

It never went through, and Grace only found out about it when a mentor told her more than a year later. “Maybe it happened all the time behind my back,” she says. Others in the industry have been pressured into prostitution—one CEO was sentenced to prison for his role in pimping out artists.

Add it all up—the greedy, grabby behavior of those at the top; the nonstop pressures; the steady abuses to body and soul—and it’s clear that the deaths of stars like Hara and Sulli aren’t just sad tragedies but dire warnings.

Many K-pop stars have reached rock bottom when it comes to their mental health, and they need help. Yet in an image-obsessed industry, in a country where talking about mental health is taboo, few are likely to get it.



Take Kim Jong-hyun, a singer in the popular K-pop boy band SHINee. In 2017, he took his own life, leaving behind a note suggesting that the pressures of the industry contributed to a depression he could not overcome.

About the future: Some would-be Idols are starting to forge their own career paths through social media, giving them the opportunity to step over abusive systems and put music out on their terms. “It’s easier to be independent now than it was before,” says Grace, who, over the past three years, has slowly built an audience of more than 200,000 subscribers on YouTube. “You see it more: people breaking out from their old companies and making it on their own.”

And while talking about mental health has long been considered off brand, more and more stars are starting to do it anyway. Like K-pop artist Taeyeon of Girls’ Generation, who opened up to fans on Instagram about how she’d been taking antidepressants, and BTS rappers Suga and RM, who regularly use their platforms to talk about issues like depression and anxiety.

“As more K-pop artists get vocal about their issues, the companies will start realizing that they need to do something,” says Lie. Adds Ju Oak Kim, PhD, assistant professor at Texas A&M International University: “Dramatic changes might not happen in a short period, but there will be changes.”

Here’s one: BTS was recently given time off for an extended vacation—for the first time in six years.

Model photographs by Ina Jang. Photos are of a professional model and used for illustrative purposes only.SEOUL (Reuters) - Japan’s travel restrictions on South Koreans over the coronavirus epidemic have spurred cancellations of a string of K-pop concerts scheduled in Japan, threatening to hurt the Korean entertainment industry in its most lucrative market.

Japan said starting Monday, people arriving from South Korea will be quarantined for two weeks. Tokyo also suspended visa waivers and the validity of existing visas for Koreans, followed by a similar move by South Korea, rekindling a diplomatic feud between the neighbors.

South Korean boy band Super Junior called off its tours scheduled to take place on March 25 and 26 in Japan, citing the Japanese government’s measures to “curb immigration.”

South Korea’s entertainment firm CJ ENM followed suit, postponing its annual K-pop festival KCON in Japan. KCON in Japan last year drew more than 88,000 fans, according to CJ ENM.

Japan’s travel restrictions are a fresh blow to the entertainment industry in the wake of a fast-spreading virus. K-pop events have also been canceled or postponed elsewhere in the world because of the epidemic.

Singer Taeyeon has canceled her Feb. 1 concert in Singapore, saying that she is worried about the health of fans.

A Korean music festival in Los Angeles, originally planed for April 25, was postponed due to “travel restrictions in Asia.”

At home, boy band BTS canceled its scheduled April concert in Seoul, amid growing concerns of the new coronavirus outbreak, its music label, Big Hit Entertainment previously said.

Japan alone accounted for more than 60% of South Korea’s music exports, marking $320.6 million worth of exports in 2017 followed by China and Southeast Asian countries, according to Statistics Korea.

“Entertainment firms and talent agencies will now gird for almost zero concert profits,” said Lee Ki-hun, an analyst at Hana Financial and Investment. “Not only ticket sales but also advertisement revenues are gone for the time being,” he said.

South Korea has suffered 51 deaths and 7,382 infections in the biggest coronavirus outbreak outside China, where the disease emerged late last year.This week's issue of PEOPLE takes an in-depth look at the rise of suicides among K-pop idols and speaks to former f(x) group member Amber Liu

Amber Liu knows firsthand that the fun and excitement of K-pop — a genre which has exploded in the U.S. in recent years thanks to groups like the electrifying boy band BTS — can belie a darkness that has driven some performers to despair.

“It was fun at first,” the former member of the South Korean girl group f(x) tells PEOPLE in this week’s issue, on newsstands Friday. “But later the loneliness and all that stuff settles in.” Last year a number of K-pop idols took their own lives, including Liu’s former bandmate Sulli, who was 25 at the time of her death. The types of struggles they once experienced in the glare of the global spotlight, are ones to which Liu herself can attest.

Born and raised in Los Angeles, Liu, now 27, got her start in the K-pop industry after being scouted by one of South Korea’s largest entertainment companies, SM Entertainment, at a festival in Koreatown at the age of 15. Several successful auditions later, she packed her bags and moved to South Korea on March 1, 2008.

The next year and a half Liu would spend balancing a grueling training schedule and the pressure to please at SM Entertainment’s trainee school before debuting with bandmates Sulli, Krystal, Victoria and Luna as the multinational girl group f(x) in 2009. (SM Entertainment has not responded to PEOPLE’s requests for comment on this story.)

“It was just so hard,” Liu says. “I felt really angry. I was angry at myself, too, because Sulli and I talked a few weeks before. It’s like, ‘Man, if I just sent another text, what could have happened?'”

“She was so brave and so bold and really fought for women’s rights in a way that no other celebrities in Korea had yet,” says American filmmaker Kelley Katzenmeyer, who has lived in Korea for 10 years and is working to erase the stigma surrounding mental health in the country through her documentary, Permission to Exist. “It was really hard when she passed.”

Throughout the six years they spent together in f(x) between 2009 and 2015, Liu says Sulli “wasn’t that type of person to actually let things get to her.” But one of the last Instagram Live videos she’d share before her death, in which she told her followers, “I’m not a bad person,” showed the toll the online hate was taking on her.

Just a month after Sulli’s death, her friend and fellow K-pop idol Goo Hara — who was a member of the band Kara and was outspoken when it came to defending herself against online harassment — was found dead by suicide in her home at the age of 28.

Less than two weeks later, actor and singer Cha In-ha of the group Surprise U was found dead in his home at the age of 27. (His death has not yet been ruled a suicide.) And two years prior, Jonghyun — the longtime lead vocalist of the group SHINee — died by suicide at the age of 27 and left a note that read: “I am broken from inside. The depression that gnawed on me slowly has finally engulfed me entirely.”

At the time, Liu says, she had “the worst relationship with food,” sometimes drinking only a can of Coca-Cola a day. The group’s “tomboy,” she didn’t fit the mold of the typical doe-eyed, feminine K-pop idol and would get nasty comments online from people about everything from her sun-kissed California skin to her pixie cut, like, “How is she going to get married with short hair?”

“I thought I really did need it,” she says. “Luckily Krystal talked me out of it. She was like, ‘Amber, you don’t need it. You don’t need it.’ We’re told that we need these things when we actually don’t. Our bodies are still developing.”

“It took years for my body to rehabilitate,” she says, adding that she has experienced anxiety on a “different level” the past couple of years and is now in therapy. “It’s to a point that I know that I need to start taking care of my mental health. I’m working hard every day to try to figure it out,” she says.K-pop boy band WINNER will drop the pre-release single "Hold" on March 26, according to its agency YG Entertainment, Friday. 



"WINNER's rapper Mino co-composed the song with producer-cum-DJ R.Tee. He also contributed to the lyrics," YG said. "Mino participated in the creative process of four numbers included in the upcoming album as well." 



WINNER's third full-length EP "Remember" will hit shelves on April 9. It offers 12 songs of cross genres.



YG took to its official blog on Thursday to unveil a teaser image for the music video of "Hold." It is a family photo of the four members ― Mino, Seungyoon (Yoon,) Jinwoo (Jinu), Seunghoon (Hoony) ― and Suhyun of YG's brother-sister duo Akdong Musician (AKMU.) 



In the picture, WINNER members, sporting white shirts and black jeans, have a uniform hairstyle. They also have a mischievous look on their faces.



WINNER debuted in 2014 with the album "WINNER 2014 S/S." The quartet's flagship tracks include "REALLY REALLY," released in 2017. 



Jinwoo and Seunghoon, both 28, are set to begin their obligatory military service this year.During the coronavirus pandemic, A.C.E have been online, showing off their skills at arts and crafts.And lastly, pick a country that you want to visit:Frustrated with the monarchy’s actions -- or inaction -- amid the COVID-19 outbreak, some K-pop fans in Thailand are using memes and lyrics to express their discontent.



On Sunday, the hashtag #Dispatch dominated Thai Twitter for hours as local fans translated a report from a Korean media outlet as to the whereabouts of the king of Thailand.



The online story heavily relies on reporting from the German media, which appears to refer to reporting by German news website Bild.



According to the report, the 67-year-old king of Thailand has taken up to a score of concubines with him and his entourage for self-isolation in Germany.



It was also reported that King Maha Vajiralongkorn has booked out the entirety of the luxury Grand Hotel Sonnenbichl. The four-star hotel boasts a panoramic view of the Alps from the foothills of the mountain range.



“We were surprised that even a news outlet known for dating rumors reported the story. It was a big surprise for Thai K-pop fans, attracting a lot of interest,” one local fan said on condition of anonymity.



Another fan told The Korea Herald, “While we are risking lives with a shortage of medical supplies, he rents a luxury hotel funded by the public’s tax money.”



The king took heat earlier this month after an overseas Thai activist posted that King Maha Vajiralongkorn was traveling in Germany while his country was dealing with the outbreak.



As of Monday, Thailand had reported over 1,500 confirmed cases.



As public frustration grew, some resorted to sarcasm and K-pop references to take a subtle jab at the king in safer ways than directly mentioning his name.



“You make Thai people feel special,” one Twitter user wrote, seemingly referring to the reporting on the Thai king.



The tweet references the chorus of Twice’s 2019 single “Feel Special.”





Another user wrote, “Open your eyes and ears now,” using a line from Korean Netflix series “Kingdom.”



In Thailand, whoever “defames, insults or threatens” the king could face up to 15 years in jail.



In February, a Twitter user was arrested and charged with a cybercrime for posting content critical of the king. The user was identified as a 20-year-old man by the Thai Lawyers for Human Rights.



By Yim Hyun-su (hyunsu@heraldcorp.com)THE HOUSTON LIVESTOCK SHOW AND RODEO’s 2020 concert roster features its usual mix of country (Chris Stapleton, Brad Paisley, Willie Nelson), pop (Lizzo, Gwen Stefani, Khalid, Maren Morris), hip-hop (Chance the Rapper), and EDM (Marshmello). Then there’s NCT 127, the very first K-Pop, or Korean pop, group ever to take the rodeo stage. Not up on the genre? We’re here to help.

In the mid-’90s, at the same time the Backstreet Boys and NSYNC were dominating charts in the U.S., a similar boy-band movement was taking over in South Korea, with groups like H.O.T. and Seo Taiji & Boys at the forefront. “It’s the slick MTV-style choreography, pretty and polished faces, possibly overly so by U.S. standards,” explains Haejin E. Koh, associate director of Rice’s Chao Center for Asian Studies.

Since then the K-Pop genre has exploded. Today’s groups, both male and female, are formed in factory style: Entertainment companies select their stars by auditioning thousands of potential performers; form them into groups; and put them through rigorous training, teaching them to sing, dance, present themselves to fans and the media, and speak multiple languages. Then it’s time for the spotlight. “There is some criticism that gets even harsh sometimes,” says Koh. “It’s a business, it’s money.”

Borrowing from hip-hop, trap, 2000s R&B, and ’90s pop, K-Pop is all electronic. The performers are huge celebrities in Korea, and they set fashion trends—boys often dress in suits and wear makeup, while girls might wear anything, although sex appeal isn’t the emphasis. “I’ve heard the Korean girl singers are cute, not sexy,” says Koh. “Even at 22 they’re still marketed to be cute to the 16-year-old fans.”

HOW BIG IS IT OUTSIDE KOREA?

Pretty big. The world’s top K-Pop group, BTS, also known as the Bangtan Boys, has 17 No. 1 World Digital Song Sales hits, plus four Top 40 hits and three No. 1 albums in the U.S. Its success has opened doors for acts like NCT 127 to perform at events like the rodeo and, more generally, helped usher in the Korean Wave—the spread of Korean pop culture and entertainment around the globe.

Perhaps it should come as no surprise that more college students are taking Korean language classes these days. “Here at Rice,” says Koh, “you go to a Korean language class and ask, Why are you learning Korean? And students will answer, I want to know what they’re saying in the lyrics. It used to be just Korean-American kids in the classes, but not today.”

In 2016 SM Entertainment, the largest K-Pop production company, formed Neo Culture Technology, or NCT, as a brand encompassing multiple boy groups, also known as units. The company oversees acts including NCT 127, named for Seoul’s longitudinal coordinate; NCT Dream, a younger unit whose members age out at 20; China-based WayV; and NCT U, an all-star group composed of members from the other units.

With 10 members—and 24-year-old rapper/singer Taeyong as its leader—NCT 127 has scored six top-five hits on the Billboard World Digital Song Sales chart. Last year the group embarked on its first world tour, appearing on Good Morning America and The Late Late Show with James Corden, and performing at the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade.

NCT 127’s most popular song on Spotify— with 52 million plays and counting—is “Cherry Bomb,” which mixes Korean and English and expertly weaves trap with a Celebrity-era NSYNC bridge. You’re bound to hear it this year at the rodeo—if you can score tickets.

The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo runs Mar 3–22 at NRG Stadium. NCT 127 performs Mar 10. rodeohouston.comK-pop imitated and blended music from the West and Japan to develop its own distinguishing features; now bands from elsewhere are taking Korean music as their referenceK-pop rookies are often asked about their role models when they embark on a musical adventure. Girl group ITZY was no exception, but contrary to many other new faces that name specific artists ― usually superstars or the "superiors" in their music labels ― the five-piece act gave an unconventional answer. 

 "When 'GALACTIKA *,' the team that produced our debut track 'Dalla Dalla (2019),' asked us who our role models were, we said we just wanted to be ourselves," leader Yeji said in an email Q&A, Monday. 

 "The lyricist later told us that this remark became his well of inspiration in creating our new album's lead song, 'WANNABE.'"



ITZY is slated to release its second mini-album "IT'z ME" on Monday afternoon. The seven-number album includes the powerful and energetic "WANNABE" ― a combination of EDM and hip-hop among other genres ― and B-side tracks such as "24 HRS," "NOBODY LIKE YOU" and "YOU MAKE ME."

The girl band was to hold a media showcase for promotional purposes, but its agency JYP Entertainment replaced the event with a Q&A amid the coronavirus epidemic. 

 Yeji added that the group had been focusing on "being myself" through its releases from the beginning. "IT'z ME" is also in the same line, according to her. 

 "In particular, 'WANNABE' delivers a message that 'I am precious as I am,'" she said. 

 ITZY, comprising Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong and Yuna, is JYP's first all-girl group after TWICE, which debuted in 2015. Dubbed one of the most anticipated rookies on the K-pop scene, it won a local music show for the first time with "Dalla Dalla" last February, only 10 days after its debut. It also had a "showcase tour" in 11 regions around the globe, including Los Angeles. 

 "It was so meaningful for us to meet up with our international followers," youngest member Yuna said. "I am enthusiastic about studying foreign languages so I can better communicate with them."

 Ryujin said, "I truly enjoyed being up on the stage, but think we have not yet fully showed what we have. We will polish ourselves further." 

 The quintet also disclosed its goal. "This time, the goal of the release is to exhibit how much ITZY has grown up," Yeji said. "Since we devoted a lot of affection to the album, we want to display well what we have prepared."2PM’s Junho said on Instagram more people need to be alert about the Nth Room case so that crimes like it won’t happen again.Had enough with: Being the object of the male gaze

Context: EXID’s career surged out of near failure after a fancam of Hani’s performance of “Up & Down” went viral in South Korea, and their following release “Ah Yeah” spent the majority of its music video putting the members of the act in situations where they were dealing with how men treat women in workplaces, Internet spaces and more.

Also check out: EXID’s “Cream,” “Hot Pink”

ITZY’s “Dalla Dalla”

Had enough with: Conforming

Context: ITZY’s first single celebrated self-love and served up a confident anthem for their fans, in which they cheerfully sing about how being different is something wonderful.

Also check out: ITZY’s “ICY” and “Want It”

Sunny Hill’s “Princess and Prince Charming (Is the White Horse Coming?)” Had enough with: South Korea’s competition and dating culture

Context: Sunny Hill spent a sizable portion of their career addressing things like working conditions, beauty standards, and, in this song, how dating in South Korea often feels like it’s based on rubrics rather than emotions.

Also check out: Sunny Hill’s “the Grasshopper Song,” “Darling of All Hearts”

2NE1’s “I am the Best”

Had enough with: Submissiveness

Context: 2NE1 was a dominant act in K-pop throughout the majority of its career, and regularly released empowering hits. like "I am the Best," where they proudly proclaimed their power and reveled in what it meant to be a top act.

Also check out: 2NE1’s “Try to Copy Me,” CL’s “Baddest Female”

IU’s “Twenty-Three”

Had enough with: The way people perceive her

Context: South Korea’s “little sister,” IU grew up in the spotlight as one of the country’s most prominent singers and actors, and in the past few years she’s used her music to question why people think they know her (and use their time to critique her).

Also check out: IU’s “Bbibbi,” “Palette”

miss A’s “I Don’t Need A Man”

Had enough with: Men

Context: On their Independent Woman Pt.III album, miss A followed in the path of Destiny’s Child and declared their independence with this single.

Also check out: miss A's "Bad Girl, Good Girl" and Fei’s "Fantasy"

Had enough with: Being asked out by random men

Context: 4Minute, and rapper HyunA who has had a successful career as a soloist, spent much of their career toeing the line, singing about the way women are viewed as easy and expected to share their private information with strangers.

Also check out: HyunA’s “Lip & Hip,” 4Minute’s “Crazy”

Brown Eyed Girls’ “Warm Hole”

Had enough with: The idea that Korean pop acts can’t sing about sex

Context: Brown Eyed Girls is one of the longest-running and most impactful female teams in the South Korean music world, and are in part to thank for the dance from Psy’s “Gangnam Style.” They’ve spent most of their career questioning the status quo, both through their joint and solo works.

Also check out: BEG’s “Sixth Sense,” “Kill Bill,” and all of Ga-In’s solo work, especially “Bloom” and “Fxxk U”

Mamamoo’s “Hip”

Had enough with: Obsessive critiques of their bodies and actions

Context: One of the most popular female acts in Korea today, Mamamoo’s members have regularly been criticized by Internet trolls for the way they act, what they look like, what they wear, etc. “Hip” put these criticisms in the spotlight in its empowering lyrics and music video.

Also check out: Mamamoo’s “Girl Crush”

CLC’s “No”

Had enough with: The assumption women are acting and dressing certain ways for men

Context: CLC said “fork off” to stereotypes that women change and do certain things in order to make men happy.

Also check out: CLC’s “Me,” and labelmate’s (G)I-dle’s “Lion”

BoA’s "Woman"

Had enough with: Stereotyping women

Context: One of the biggest K-pop stars of the last generation, BoA is considered to have played an integral role in launching K-pop across Asia, setting the industry up to spread across the globe. Her 2018 single celebrated everything about being a “Woman," and even gave a brief rebuke of forced femininity and girlishness of the early days of her career, singing about how she's taken ownership of her womanhood later in life as if it's a new adventure to be had.

Also check out: BoA’s “Girl’s On Top,” “The Top”“Nothing much changed due to coronavirus regarding Suho's release,” a rep tells Billboard, adding that the reaction to the album will impact how they approach album sales. In order to promote Self-Portrait, Suho appeared in a variety of digital content and live streams prior to his first solo album's arrival on Monday.

With much of K-pop’s content aimed at global and digital audiences rather than just consumers in Korea who buy physical albums and EPs, most Korean pop acts aren’t really changing how they’re doing things when it comes to new music releases. Many K-pop artists have taken to social media and YouTube to practice social distancing, such as TWICE launching a TikTok channel. Others are starting YouTube channels, while some artists are documenting their work on new music, including Seventeen's Hoshi.

An acute outbreak of COVID-19 in South Korea in January forced the cancellation of live music events throughout much of February and March, while some televised programs, including weekly performance-oriented music competition shows, continued filming throughout the month without live audiences. Events based around audiences will continue to be impacted with delays and postponements.Ole Miss Generation, widely known as OMG, is a popular K-pop dance group dedicated to spreading K-pop in the South at the University of Mississippi.

The group was created in the fall of 2017 by co-founders Delaney Mason and Olivia George. The pair met in college through a talent show, where a group of students were doing a small dance cover. They started the group because they shared a common interest in the music genre, K-pop.

K-pop is a genre that originated in South Korea. While the modern form of K-pop can be traced back to the early ’90s, the term has been popular since the 2000s to describe a modern form of South Korean pop influenced by styles and genres from around the world.

Delaney Mason, 21, is a UM senior from Flowood. She is majoring in IMC and with a minor in business administration with a specialization in public relations. She will be graduating in May 2021.

“When I graduate, I don’t really have a set plan,” Mason said. “But, hopefully, I can start up a business focused in the entertainment industry, or before going down that route, get an internship somewhere, like an entertainment company or somewhere in the music industry in South Korea, or maybe even here, anything like that, just to see here how they run their business and how I can run mine.”

Olivia George, 22, is a UM senior from Biloxi. She is majoring in international studies and will be graduating this year.

“When I graduate, I plan to return back to South Korea to work on getting my language skills up and eventually return back to the U.S. to get my Ph.D. in sociology,” George said.

“OMG is an acronym that stands for Ole Miss Generation,” said George. “The name comes from a very popular K-pop group, which is called Girls’ Generation, so we sort of did a play on the words to mix it with Ole Miss.”

OMG has three subgroups: OMG X, OMG Y, and OMG R.

OMG Y was created first as a test run for branching out. “It was supposed to be for advanced dancers only, so it had no genre, no concept, no nothing,” Mason said. “It’s kind of just developed over time and grew into, like, the more girl power, kind of tough female empowerment, kind of subgroup.”

OMG X was created last semester. It has a “extreme” or “sharp movements and popping” concept. “Initially that one was supposed to be hip-hop based subgroup,” Mason said.

Recently, the newest group, OMG R, was created this semester. “Rated-R, like 18+ type of dancing,” Mason said. “Very sensual, very sexy floor movement and utilizing chairs or props, anything like that. It’s a little concept of everything.”

Practices happen twice a week, and each song is an hour-long practice.

“It’s really fun. I guess, it depends on your choreographer,” Mason said. “Some choreographers teach like differently than others. Some are like stricter, while some are relaxed. But overall, I would say that it’s pretty fun.”

Practice is a big-time commitment for some people, but they come because it is a great way for them to make new friends or de-stress.

OMG usually has around 30 to 40 members each semester. Many people join the group because of the inclusive and diverse environment.

“We have people, a lot of international students,” Mason said. “People come from China, Korea, Japan, Nepal, Vietnam and Americans, too. People of all different types of backgrounds come and join the group because we all love K-pop so we can share that similar interests, and we can build on it together.”

Many people also join because they don’t have a skill requirement.

“We accept like a wide variety of skill level,” George said. “We have a lot of beginners, like mostly beginners, almost every semester. And so, in that sense, it’s also very inclusive because it’s not about how necessarily talented you are in dance but, sort of, what you enjoy and meeting other people, who enjoy the same thing is the most important to us.”

Every big group has its problems. The co-founders seem to struggle with meeting people’s needs and demands while also juggling with gaining respect from newcomers.

“Definitely, the respect that you should expect as a leader is not really expected,” Mason said. “It should be earned, and that’s something that can be a problem, people don’t want to respect you and trust that everything that you do is for the betterment of the group.

“Don’t mind them because the supporters in the group who stand by your decision and also offered their insight to help grow the group as a whole rather than what they individually want – those are people that really help grow the group.”

They also have a smaller number of choreographers compared to students.

“We don’t have enough people to teach our dances,” Mason said. “It’s just such big groups. And trying to position everybody because we’re still doing choreography-related things, so a big part of choreography is positioning, and we have to base it off of the size of our group and use our creativity to position people based on the covers of the actual dance and make it into a cover.”

Despite the problems, OMG seems to have a positive effect on many people as it helps people gain confidence and the ability to trust in yourself.

“We get a lot of people coming to us at the end of the semester and telling us that they have really built their confidence through performing and through dancing,” George said. “The same goes for choreographers, as well.

“We build our confidence every time we teach and our organizational and leadership skills. But, as far as, interacting with our students, we just genuinely build relationships and friendships to the club as well so, in that sense, our club has really become a family.”Hotly anticipated albums and offerings from both power rookies and veteran voices have dominated K-and J-pop releases in the past month.

The Straits Times highlights 10 of them, from the likes of juggernaut boy band BTS to evergreen singer-songwriter Aiko.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

BTS, the biggest boy band in the world (main picture), mounted a stunning press tour in North America and beyond for their latest album, Map Of The Soul: 7, going on a slew of talk shows and performing in New York's Grand Central Terminal.

The album is stylistically varied and ambitious, with both solo tracks and duets in the mix.

Listen to rapper Suga's Interlude: Shadow - an emotional, introspective ride through his experience with fame.

Black Swan is also a standout experience when paired with its dark, sensual music video.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The South Korean girl group made an impressive debut last year. Their music video for Dalla Dalla chalked up 100 million views in 57 days, earning them the nickname "monster rookies".

The quintet are back with their EP, It'z Me, which leads with the track Wannabe. The song is befitting of a group whose oldest members were born in the year 2000 - rebellious with a youthful, devil-may-care attitude.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

A sub-unit of South Korean boy band NCT, NCT 127 has released their second full album with nine members.

The album's lead track, Kick It, is a powerful Bruce Lee-inspired offering - blending a very energetic chorus with softer, more melodic vocals.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Boy band BtoB's lead vocalist Sung-jae goes solo in this EP, which showcases his range with seven different tracks, including the hip-hop number Hypnotised with member Peniel and the more R&B-sounding HMHN with another member, Il-hoon.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Chungha, who first came to the public's attention as a skilled dancer, is proving to be a strong singer as well with Everybody Has - a ballad that explores the universal feelings of exhaustion, stress and inadequacy.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The tidal wave of Crash Landing On You keeps going even after the hit K-drama series has ended, with singer IU's song from the soundtrack doing well on the charts. Her sweet voice is nicely showcased on the love song about longing.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Give some love to the criminally underrated Korean indie R&B talent PL, whose mellow, soulful voice soothes the ear. His tracks are melodic and catchy; songs such as Netflix, in particular, have an effortless sexiness that make them perfect for repeat listening.

TELL ME TELL ME

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Japanese hip-hop group m-flo's latest single is a fun ride. Its catchy raps get faster as the song goes along and a healthy dose of autotune injects vibrancy.

The song is a collaboration among soloists Eill and Taichi Mukai, and South Korean rapper Sik-K.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Veteran Japanese group Yuzu retain their folksy roots in their new album and it shines through strongly in tracks such as Hanasakumachi, which boasts old-school harmonisation and instrumentals.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Aiko, the 44-year-old Japanese singer, has a youthful, almost innocent voice.

The breezy Aozora (Blue Sky), her latest single, has an optimistic sound with an up-tempo chorus that will put a bounce in your step.Jeongmin, now an accomplished singer-songwriter, used to live in the glitz and glam, wear heavy makeup and dance in front of thousands of crowds. 



For eight years, he was a vocalist for the now-defunct K-pop act Boyfriend, signed under one of the major K-pop labels, Starship Entertainment. Since 2011, the youthful six-piece boy band had a promising start with numerous hits like “I’ll Be There” and “Janus,” especially flourishing in Japan. But just like many K-pop acts, the group disbanded last year after an extended hiatus. Jeongmin was lost in darkness, but music helped him find a way out. 



“I was totally lost. I didn’t know what to do next, whether I should enlist in the military or find another job. Honestly speaking, I had resorted to alcohol a lot back then,” recalled Jeongmin during a recent interview with The Korea Herald in Seoul. 









It was just like any other night. After drinking with his friends until the wee hours, he called up one of the producers he’d stayed close with on his way back home. “He was a longtime producer for Boyfriend. So I called him to ask for advice. I told him that I was nothing without music. We talked for long hours and finally reached a conclusion, to establish a new label together.” 



In June last year, Jeongmin launched his own label called Araline with producer Han Jae-ho, the founder of the famous K-pop producing team Sweetune. Becoming a songwriter was a dream come true. 



Now, under a new roof, the now-26-year-old is more prolific than ever. Through a steady stream of mellow ballads, Jeongmin has successfully positioned himself as a rising star in the scene, releasing three albums so far and performing over 18 gigs across South Korea and Japan. He is set to drop another self-made ballad on April 6, “Thinking of You (working title),” which he explained was an uplifting song fit for spring. 



The transition was successful, but shedding the label “K-pop idol” wasn’t easy. “I’ve definitely changed a lot since leaving Boyfriend, but people still tell me that I haven’t fully broken out of it,” said Jeongmin. 



“Back then, I was ‘idolized,’ with my overall behaviors and words being stiff and unnatural. I was getting used to faking smiles in front of cameras. Our company had manufactured a lot of things of us, and I had the feeling of losing myself. Now I’m more like, let’s say, ‘a normal senior in college,’ rather than an idol.” 



There also have been times when he felt his company wasn’t supporting him enough. He would complain that his agency was keeping him boxed in, and wasn’t encouraging his songwriting or pushing him to take the next steps in his career. 



“But thinking back, all I had to do was keep making efforts and living to the fullest. As time went by, I was recognized and my music was in demand. It was just a matter of endurance,” he said. “I’ve matured a lot over those years and though there have been ups and downs, I’m grateful for what I’ve been through.” 



Clad in a plain oversized shirt, the idol-turned-musician looked relaxed and comfortable talking about himself. Now he doesn’t shy away from showing his bare face and disheveled hair to fans in early-morning live broadcasts -- something that once would have been unthinkable. He’s also been posting videos on his own YouTube channel that capture his down-to-earth daily life. 



The concert-oriented musician went on to share his hopes of connecting with fans by releasing new songs more often and playing more gigs at festivals. One of the tasks on his to-do list is to perform riverside at sunset with a hint of a breeze. 



“I’m not a showy person. I hope fans could approach me in a friendly way and I want to show them natural and raw sides of me,” said Jeongmin. “In the past, I used to hear thousands of fans’ screaming coming from distance on stage. Now the stage isn’t that big anymore, but I’m enjoying that cheer more closely.” 



Wrapping up the interview, the former Boyfriend member expressed his affection for his ex-bandmates. 



“We still keep in touch and see each other a lot. I’m not sure if we will reunite as Boyfriend, but I have a feeling that one day, all six of us will get together for sure,” he said. 



By Hong Dam-young (lotus@heraldcorp.com)K-pop is coming to the Houston Rodeo! But we don't have to say that because everyone already knows. When the line-up was announced and the first-ever K-pop group to perform at the rodeo was announced, it was huge news and for good reason. Houstonians are huge fans of NCT 127, so much so that there's going to be a k-pop cafe in Houston this weekend in honor of the "Cherry Bomb" singers.

NCT 127 is the massively popular K-pop group that's going to perform at the Houston Rodeo this weekend and Popfancy Dessert Bar is hosting an all-out NCT-themed cafe in Bellaire to celebrate.

There will be all kinds of sweet treats in honor of the different band members this March 7 and 8.

The cafe's super limited-edition menu has been posted on Popfancy's Instagram and includes Neo Zone pops, cakes, Cherry Bomb swirls, Wakey Wakey heart-shaped waffle pops, Simon Says ice cream swirls, and of course, NC Teas.

The fan cafe will also have giveaways where you can win free concert tickets to their Rodeo concert on March 10.

No fan event is complete without merchandise and there will be limited edition merch, vendors, and even a live DJ playing their biggest hits.

The first fifty people on both days will get some really sweet goodies including an exclusive lanyard and sticker.

The two-day event will be from 2 p.m. to 10 p.m. on Saturday and from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. on Sunday.

However, due to the popularity of the event and their free fast passes selling out, they're opening another time slot on Sunday from 8 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.

The limited amount of fast passes are on a first come first serve basis so get there as early as you can!

If you can't get fast passes though that's fine because there will also be General Admission line where you can hang out and meet other fellow NCTzens.

If you're a stan, there's no better place to be than at this limited-time cafe decked out in your favorite singers!Life of a K-pop star is not easy. You constantly face the pressure of fitting into strict Korean beauty standards along with ruthless hours and hours of training. Koreans love and appreciate a slim figure, small face, big eyes, v-shaped jaw, straight eyebrows and clear skin.

K-pop idols often take extreme measures to meet these standards which includes undergoing plastic surgeries and starving oneself to lose weight.



 If you are a fan of K-pop then you must have heard of the infamous IU diet. It consists of 1 apple for breakfast, 1 sweet potato for lunch and 1 protein shake for dinner. The diet is pretty extreme if we also consider the intense calorie burning exercise regime k-pop idols normally follow.

IU in an episode of the SBS show, “Healing Camp” revealed that she was battling with bulimia and was receiving treatment for it. Thus, it is pretty clear that IU diet is not a healthy diet to recommend for weight loss.

Jimin of BTS revealed his struggles to lose weight through their Wing’s Concept Book. He explained how he hoped to be a perfect looking man as an idol.

He said: “I came to think that I want to become handsome while looking at mirror during ‘Blood, Sweat and Tears’ practice”.

He starved himself to fulfil his mission and frequently fainted due to hunger.

Read more: In Pics: 8 Shows To Watch On Netflix Right Now

He refused to accept other members’ invitation to eat food and due to his strict diet plan he lost a total of 15 pounds. Army (Official Fandom name of BTS) was really worried and started #JiminYouArePerfect trend to make him feel more comfortable about his looks.



 Many idols receive pressure to lose weight by their companies so that they fit better into the beauty standards of the industry. Momo of Twice in a live broadcast revealed how her company urged her to lose 7 kg in a week if she was really keen on joining her group members on their showcase.

She further admitted that she did not eat anything for the whole day and went to the gym all the time. She spat all the time to ensure there was no water in her body. While trying to sleep, she would wake up and start crying as she was scared that she would never wake up again.

Some idols decide to lose weight due to constant online bullying and fat shaming by Korean netizens. “If you are not skinny enough then you have no right to become an idol, no matter how talented you are” is an idea that has deep roots in Korean idol industry.

Many female idols like Jihyo of Twice, Kyla of Pristin, Sulli of f(x) and Wendy of Red Velvet were publicly body shamed. Not being stick thin is considered as a lack of self-control.

Such irrational and illogical ideas and beliefs must be terminated immediately as it encourages the development of anxiety, depression and various related eating disorders. It reduces confidence of an individual and there is a high probability that the person might undergo social isolation due to poor self-image.

It is very important to promote body positivity among young women. One must love his or her own body and understand outer beauty is only skin deep. What you are as a person is determined by your interior and not your exterior.On February 10, when history was being made at the Academy Awards with South Korean film Parasite taking home four Oscars and becoming the first non-English language film to win the Best Picture Award, 11-year-old Rochanhlui Ralte woke up early, as usual, to catch a rerun of her favourite Korean series, Yellow Boots (2012), before getting ready for school. She likes this show, she says, because the lead actor is “pretty and funny”. She also enjoys Korean films because, “the actors are very handsome, and the lead actresses are usually poor, but they always get very lucky in the end.” Ralte lives in Aizawl, the capital of Mizoram. While most of the world seems to have caught the Korean culture bug with Parasite, in this north-eastern corner of India, it was around 2004 that the Korean hallyu (wave) hit the state.

Stepping into Aizawl today is like stepping into any South Korean town. Youngsters, wearing bucket hats and spring dresses, look like they’ve emerged from the latest Korean fashion catalogues. They discuss Korean TV shows and movies, and Korean pop music (K-pop) bands such as Bangtan Boys (BTS) and iKon. “International mainstream media mainly focuses on people with white skin, light hair, and light eyes…people who don’t look like us. Even in Indian mainstream media, we struggled to find movie stars and musical artistes who we could relate to, visually. Korean television and K-pop changed that. Mizo teens now know that there’s a bright future for people with pan-Asian features in the world of entertainment,” says Aizawl-based poet and blogger, Jacqueline Zote, 30.

C Lalmalsawma, chief technical officer, of the Mizo satellite channel LPS believes that the Korean wave in Mizoram began in 2004 with the 16-episode series called Full House, aired on a local channel. The show was a huge hit. Lalrindiki, 26, was one of those who was immediately hooked. “The main actress had a side ponytail and all the girls in our school donned a side pony that year,” says the Bachelor of education student.

The Mizo cable company Zonet, founded in 2004, began broadcasting Korean shows with subtitles, alongside the popular Hindi serials of the time. According to its chief technician, K Lalhmunliana, the viewing figures for the Hindi and the Korean shows were approximately the same, until the latter began to be dubbed in Mizo. He says, “Businesses always strive for an advertising slot with Korean serials as these are the most watched shows. Advertising sponsors are ready to pay Rs 20,000 for Korean serials, but only around Rs 5,000-8,000 for English serials and films.”

Annie Lalenmawii Khawlhring, 27, a banker based in Aizawl, enjoyed the show Pops in Seoul, which has been on the popular Korean channel Arirang since 1998. “It showed all the latest K-pop music videos, and my friends and I would put our phones near the TV speakers and record our favourite tracks.”

More than the serials and movies, perhaps, it’s K-pop that has hooked Mizoram. Khawlhring, part of the BTS Army (fanbase) for more than five years, says, “My favourite quote these days is by Bong Joon-Ho, director of Parasite: ‘Once you overcome the one-inch tall barrier of subtitles, you will be introduced to so many more amazing films’. There are so many amazing encounters, experiences that await us once we come out of our comfort zones.” Being a part of the BTS Army has been one such experience. “It’s not just their music. They have the anti-violence Love Myself campaign with Unicef, whose message has saved so many lives. It gives us a sense of belonging, to love ourselves despite feeling unattractive or unsuccessful, to be at peace with what we are now and where we are now.”

K-pop is also credited with helping the Mizo youth come to terms with varying shades of sexuality and gender. V Ratnamala, an assistant professor at Mizoram University in Aizawl, believes, “People now understand and feel comfortable discussing LGBTQI issues in Mizoram, a state otherwise known for its conservative Christian ethos.” William Lalramhmachhuana, an Aizawl-based lecturer, says, “There are two ways one can come out. One is by openly declaring their relationship, and the other is by signalling their preferred gender (and sexuality) through their physical appearance. While Korean serials don’t necessarily have any gay element in their stories, they have changed the way people look at physical appearances. Earlier, people only accepted a certain kind of hairstyle as ‘macho’, But, now, men colour their hair gray or blonde and experiment with all kinds of hairstyles with confidence as the public is slowly learning to accept them.”

Not everyone appreciates Korean pop culture’s influence on the youth. Older people, for example, complain about the tight pants and vibrant hair colours embraced by youngsters as well as the “feminine nature” of K-pop singers which, they say, is imitated by Mizo boys to the detriment of their “masculinity”. Then, there are those, like the Zo Reunification Organisation (ZORO), who believe that Mizo cultural preservation and unity is hindered by the Korean wave. L Ramdinliana Renthlei, president of the ZORO Youth Wing, says, “While we are striving for unity of the Zo nation, Korean films have resulted in the youth showing contempt towards Mizo traditions and lifestyle.”

Young fans of Korean culture, however, disagree. “Being a fan of K-pop and K-dramas for more than 10 years does not make me love my homeland less,” says Jorgina Ralte, 22, a college student, “It’s inspiring to listen to artistes sing about mental health and overcoming depression, which are still sensitive topics in their own country. It’s not about cultural conflicts for the K-pop fans, it’s about seeing the world beyond Mizoram. Seeing other cultures helps us value the qualities of Mizo culture such as unity and selflessness even more. We use Korean dramas and K-pop to escape the narrow confines of our state where people fuss over bikes and branded shoes.”

📣 The Indian Express is now on Telegram. Click here to join our channel (@indianexpress) and stay updated with the latest headlines

For all the latest Eye News, download Indian Express App.K-pop’s reach has spread beyond geographic boundaries and become beloved by many across the globe, but coronavirus may be putting a halt on its continued expansion, at least for the immediate future.

As the virus, formally known as COVID-19, spreads and continues to affect South Korea, and multiple other countries, on a wide scale, that country’s music industry is increasingly suffering as artists cancel events and international performances. Tours have been cancelled throughout Asia, Europe, and North America by multiple popular K-pop acts, and televised broadcasts of weekly South Korean music shows are being held without their typical studio audience.

Travel bans throughout Asia are also impacting things, with Japan’s recent imposition of a quarantine period for two weeks for people coming from South Korea resulting in the cancellation and postponements of prominent events such as KCON Japan, a CJ ENM festival event, and upcoming concerts from Super Junior; prior to that, acts such as BTS, TWICE, GOT7, and many others had already cancelled or postponed concert events throughout the world.

BIGBANG’s return at Coachella was also recently postponed, along with that entire Californian music festival.

As of yet, no K-pop stars have publicly announced they’ve contracted coronavirus, though singer Chung Ha’s staff members reportedly contracted the disease after traveling to Italy, resulting in her being quarantined, and TWICE’s Tzuyu reportedly recently traveled to her native Taiwan, where she has since entered quarantine due to time spent in South Korea.

Though cancellations and postponements are being announced each day, the K-pop industry is still moving forward, though slower than typical. On Tuesday (March 10), boy band NCT 127 performed at the Houston Rodeo, and girl group Everglow is currently amid a North American showcase tour. Tours for later this year from BTS, Monsta X, NCT 127, and others are currently proceeding as planned, though that may change; BTS has already cancelled the Seoul kickoff dates of its Map of the Soul tour in April, but the rest of its international tour dates are still happening as of today (March 11).

Though it’s primarily been events that have been affected, some artists, such as girl group April, have also begun to postpone the release of upcoming music, potentially in the lead-up to a period where the K-pop industry comes to a near complete halt as South Korea, and the world, increasingly adjusts to the fallout of the spread of the coronavirus known as COVID-19.Moon Hyuna, a former singer with Korean girl group 9Muses singer, has announced on Instagram that she is pregnant.

"I have two hearts in me. Omg I'm gonna be a MOTHER!!" the 33-year-old wrote on Sunday (March 22). She posted a video showing an ultrasound of her baby moving and the sound of its heartbeat.

The video also gave fans hints about details of Moon's pregnancy. At the end of the video, Moon had put the words "Let's meet in June" and added a baby boy emoji, suggesting the baby's gender and due date.

The hashtags in Moon's caption also suggest that her baby would named Bandi and that she is currently 27 weeks pregnant.

Since the video was posted, it has gained more than 16,000 views. Former 9Muses group mate Son Sung-ah even commented: "Let's meet healthy."

Moon first joined 9Muses in 2010 as a replacement for Jaekyung, a member who decided to leave the nine-member group. Moon eventually left 9Muses in 2016 due to her contract with the group's label Star Empire Entertainment expiring. She married her long-time boyfriend, an unnamed businessman, in 2017.

Moon is currently a solo artist with Korean entertainment agency Daynite Records and has released songs such as Stress Free and Cricket Song. – The Straits Times/Asia News NetworkIndia’s relationship with K-pop has never been stronger. The last couple of years have seen a steady increase in the number of fans in the country, with voices louder than ever on social media. We’ve traced K-pop’s rise in India several times before–we know the how and why behind the phenomenon of Korean artists capturing Indian audiences attention–but a topic rather unexplored is the impact streaming can have on the rise of an artist’s popularity and presence in the country.

There were a lot of victories for desi K-pop fans in 2019. Artists like KARD, IN2IT, VAV, AleXa and more performed in India, making a significant case for more artists to add India to their tours. Social media trends, K-pop dance covers, and participation in competitions from India were massive–the 2019 Changwon International K-pop Contest’s India rounds saw over 3000 entries while hashtags like #BTSTourInIndia (begging the South Korean megastars to perform in the country) trended for hours on end on desi Twitter.

Over the past couple of years, two things have happened simultaneously–a massive rise in the number of Indians who use streaming services, and a massive rise in the number of Indians who listen to K-pop. The collision of the two was of course inevitable–but what’s worth examining is the platform the audience chose to listen to the genre.

For Indian K-pop fans, choosing the right platform was important because it directly tied into the artists being able to see if the country was worth touring. With the lack of local official merchandise and ticket sales, Indian fans saw streaming and charting as the only way to prove they deserved a tour as well. Worldwide Twitter trends are powerful, but don’t necessarily provide concise, reliable data that accurately measure the audience’s demographics–courtesy anonymous accounts and bots.

Since its launch in 2015, Apple Music seemed to be the number one platform for the majority of K-pop fans. It’s brand power and massive library granted it preference over Indian streaming companies like Gaana and JioSaavn who, while titans in their own right, focused more on Bollywood and regional Indian music and therefore had a very limited range of Korean discographies. Although K-pop artists like BTS, G-Dragon, NCT and BLACKPINK began to appear regularly on iTunes India’s charts thanks to Indian fans’ efforts, there was no clear understanding of what it all meant. Apple Music’s policy of not disclosing the number of streams added a question mark in the face of the answer Indian fans wanted most: how many of us exist? Are we enough of a number to warrant a concert?

Spotify, thanks to its transparent sharing of stats and demographics, soon became the clear choice for fans and artists alike. Through Spotify for Artists and the end of the year Wrapped program, musicians and their teams could now map their progress across the world by receiving a wide range of data. This included basic stats such as total fan hours streamed, highest number of fan streams per hour, increases in followers, total listeners, new listeners, streams, and playlist adds. The streaming also provided access to more nuanced details like the number of hours fans streamed between 1 am – 6 am (i.e. amount of sleep fans lost listening), the country that grew by the highest percent of listeners and the number of fans that had the artist as their #1 artist.

On the user’s side, the Wrapped program provides a detailed outline of which artists, songs and playlists they’ve streamed and how many times. With users registering with the service, adding their age and location, demographics are easier to determine–an extremely significant necessity for a growing K-pop market like India. It plays into providing more of an insight as to which cities are the best candidates to tour, which locations and ages of fans can be candidates for merch sales or other projects.

While K-pop fan clubs and associations kept record of the growing number of stans within each fandom (as well as whopping totals per city per fandom) Spotify’s presence added a sense of legitimacy that players within the music business could take more seriously, not to mention a more mappable and steady set of numbers than what online trends and movie ticket sales could provide. Additionally, Spotify India offers a free version–unlike its direct competitor Apple Music–that allows younger fans on a budget to join and stream.

With its entry into the country in 2019, Spotify would begin measuring the strength and growth of the K-pop fandom and giving said fandom and artists stats around the results of their hard work. It’s the main reason why streaming on Spotify has become a sort of campaign among Indian fans to ensure that their favorite artists are able to understand that there is a demand for their music in the country. The higher the number of streams, the more likely it is that the artist or their label will notice there are fans here.

In May 2019, we saw the first examples of a data-driven understanding of fans via Spotify. A six month sum-up report from the company recorded significant interest in K-pop from Indian listeners, with BTS being the fifth most-streamed artist on the platform at the time (the only non-Indian act to do so) and K-pop emerging as one of the top genres. The company also launched ‘India Discovers,’ a playlist of 40 tracks by several artists around the globe, emerging and established, to provide an insight into what our country’s Gen-Z listeners are discovering on a daily basis and sharing with their peers. K-pop emerged as the second biggest trend, with South Korean pop artists making up 25 percent of the playlist. Rookie boy group Tomorrow X Together led the way with seven-member group iKON close behind. Popular girl groups like ITZY, Twice, Mamamoo, (G)I-dle and leading solo artist Sunmi also made an appearance. “My number one surprise was how big K-pop is in India,” Spotify’s director of product growth, Owen Smith, said at a press conference around the same time. “I had absolutely no idea. And I probably should have. The days after launch, Twitter was just overtaken by BTS fans, screaming about how happy they were that we were [available in India]. They were having streaming parties in our honor, which I’ve never ever seen in any other market. I really did not expect that when we started working on India launch that I would be talking about the prevalence of K-pop and BTS fans.”

It’s all about the numbers

Internationally, Spotify has been involved in promoting K-pop actively since 2014. That year the streaming giant launched its first K-pop flagship playlist ‘K-Pop Daebak’–still one of the leading playlists in the world. Between then and January 2020, K-pop’s listening on Spotify has increased by more than 1,800%, with over 134 billion minutes streamed. ‘K-Pop Daebak’ now boasts more than 2.4 million followers.

In the past year since its launch in February 2019, Spotify India has witnessed a somewhat similarly powerful rapid growth pattern for the genre in India. Streaming data from past three months suggests that India is part of the top 22% of K-pop listening in all of Spotify’s markets globally. Listeners range from Gen-Z (18-24 years old) to over 55 years. BTS, of course, lead the pack both internationally and in India, dominating all K-pop playlists across various demographics. Some of the other artists building powerful fan followings in the country include EXO, BLACKPINK, GOT7 and ATEEZ.

Also as part of its one-year trends, Spotify discovered love emerging for K-pop in unexpected states like Telangana and West Bengal, among unexpected demographics–the top tracks among users above 55-years were songs by EXO and BLACKPINK. Ahmedabad and Jaipur were also surprising additions on the list of top 10 cities that consume K-pop on Spotify India while Arunachal, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, and Tripura’s numbers were a little less surprising–the figures just reinforced the North East’s well-known and established love for K-pop.

According to Spotify, the top ten cities that draw the largest audiences for K-pop include:

In terms of which K-pop artists are most popular on Spotify, South Korean megastars BTS are the undisputed leaders globally, as well as in India. It’s not the biggest surprise, considering the septet are currently the number one band in the music business with the most powerful fandom on Earth: ARMY. The group gained recognition thanks to their authentic, relatable, self-produced music and groundbreaking performances, but also by building a positive relationship with their fans since their debut in 2013, imparting messages of love, kindness, friendship and inner strength. Over time, ARMY has become a movement, amplifying and evolving the role of the ‘K-pop stan’ into that of a more streamlined organization. The fandom increased their numbers and elevated BTS’ global popularity through carefully planned and executed teamwork, of which streaming and sharing the group’s music was (and remains) a key element.

BTS established dominance on Spotify India almost immediately after the launch–the group featured in a special video filmed by Spotify and greeted their users with a cheerful “Namaste, India!” that kick-started a global trending hashtag #NamasteBTS. It’s a trend that resurfaced last month when Spotify India celebrated their one-year anniversary and provided a second video of BTS greeting their fans and discussing their artistic impact in the country–a massive victory for fans who hoped the group would understand just how popular they are in India.

The septet’s music has been streamed more than eight billion times on Spotify and the top-streamed K-pop track on the platform is “Boy With Luv,” the group’s 2019 collaboration with American singer-songwriter Halsey (streamed more than 380 million times.) The impact of course echoes in India; BTS are the most streamed K-pop act in the country with their tracks making up nine out of the top 10 streamed Korean songs in the country on a list provided to Rolling Stone India by Spotify:

1. “Boy With Luv (feat. Halsey)” – BTS

 2. “Kill This Love” – BLACKPINK

 3. “FAKE LOVE” – BTS

 4. “Make It Right” – BTS

 5. “Mikrokosmos” – BTS

 6. “Euphoria” – BTS

 7. “Blood Sweat & Tears” – BTS

 8. “Make It Right (feat. Lauv)” – BTS, LAUV

 9. “HOME by BTS” – BTS

 10. “Dream Glow (BTS World Original Soundtrack) – Pt. 1” – BTS, Charli XCX

We’ve examined BTS’ effect before on the charts in India with a focus on member j-hope–with the release of his solo mixtape Hope World in 2018, the rapper and producer hit number one in 72 countries’ iTunes album charts, including India. Even with the mixtape being available for free, it charted at Number One on the overall albums chart. There was a general feeling of shock among Indian ARMYs as they began to see results of their actions for the first time and just how powerful mass streaming and purchase can be.

Spotify India reinforces j-hope and BTS’ hold over the country with the revelation that he is currently the most-streamed solo K-pop artist on Spotify. An exclusive insight provided by Spotify into streaming patterns in India shows j-hope is also present on almost every other chart involving top-streamed K-pop artists in the country:

The road from here on

Spotify India’s new campaign titled ‘Home of K-Pop’ plans to further promote K-pop in the country while also thanking Indian fans for their dedication. The campaign will see advertisements circulating the web that feature K-pop culture and music–led by BTS’ artistry. Ads will feature Easter eggs for fans to catch, visually recreate how K-pop has the ability to change lives for the better and therefore hope to spark an interest for the genre in new audiences.Just 12 hours before global sensation BTS released its newest album “Map of the Soul: 7” last month, the group dropped a 30-second preview of lead track “On” -- not on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram, but on TikTok.

TikTok, a short-form video-sharing app owned by Chinese company ByteDance, is becoming the go-to platform for K-pop. Since its release in 2016, the app has witnessed a meteoric rise. According to app analytics site Sensor Tower, its downloads worldwide have exceeded 1.7 billion to date, even outpacing those of bigger rivals Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Snapchat in 2019.

The app’s appeal to the K-pop industry is in its very nature. The largest portion of TikTok users are Generation Z -- those born from the mid-1990s to early 2010s -- in line with the age range of many idols’ fan bases. Its 15- to 60-second videos also match the length of a song’s chorus. And easy to use, the platform demands users’ participation: 66 percent of them create and post their own videos, according to TikTok Korea. That makes content go viral much more quickly than on other social media platforms.

Because the app pays royalties for all songs available on the platform, users also do not have to pay copyright fees to insert background music in videos -- a convenience that catapulted dance clips to take off in the first place, with many more to come.

BTS, whose popularity had been attributed to their active communication with fans via Twitter and YouTube, also joined TikTok last year. In three hours and 31 minutes, the group’s account attracted 1 million followers, setting a mark recognized by the Guinness World Records.

Since then, the septet has launched several dance challenges with hashtags, including for J-Hope’s hip-hop single with Becky G. The group has garnered more than 315 million views and 42 million likes on the app, while many fans are joining the app just to support the group.

Read also: Banned and adored: TikTok in a nutshell

And the act took its presence on TikTok to another level, unveiling a teaser of new single “On” via the platform. In fact, it was the first time for an artist to premier a new song using the video platform.

“Since ‘On’ requires a level of dancing not easily attainable to the public, it isn’t suitable for a dance challenge. But the fact that BTS went for TikTok instead of YouTube is a testament to the app’s growing influence,” said pop culture critic Jung Min-jae.

Even though TikTok stresses that it does not focus solely on K-pop, the platform has been increasingly contacting K-pop artists and their labels for possible collaborations, largely buoyed by the latest hit with rapper Zico and his digital single “Any Song.”

In less than two months, the “Any Song” dance challenge collaboration received over 400 million views on the platform. Around 830,000 videos have been created with the track. Celebrities including Lee Hyo-ri, hailed as the “Beyonce of Korea,” joined in on the fun. Consequently, the song remained No. 1 on Korean music chart Melon for 34 days.

Others haven’t been quite as fortunate though. JYP and HyunA started challenges with their respective songs “Fever” and “Flower Shower,” but didn’t gain much traction, perhaps because of their complicated choreographies. Girl groups Cherry Bullet, GFriend and Loona shared similar experiences.

“It certainly must be an appealing item among K-pop choreographers as more success stories like ‘Any Song’ are coming. K-pop artists will try to use TikTok in any way possible for their marketing, at least for a while,” said culture critic Jung.Everyone from K-pop singers and bands to actors, and even a celebrity chef, have chipped in financially.

With the number of South Korea’s COVID-19 cases rising and showing no signs of slowing down, celebrities in South Korea have shown their support by making numerous donations to the fight against the virus outbreak, as reported by South Korean entertainment portal Soompi.

One of the standouts in the long list of names is actor Lee Min-ho, who donated 300 million won (S$350,000) to eight different organisations.

According to Allkpop, the organisations he donated to were Fruit of Love, Good Neighbors, Love Bridge, Save the Children, Green Umbrella, and three other children's associations. The money will go towards children in low-income families who require medical and preventative assistance.

K-pop boyband EXO also reportedly has two members who have joined the fray, with Suho donating 50 million won (S$58,000) to the Community Chest of Korea and Kai matching that donation amount to the Hope Bridge Disaster Relief Association.

JYP Entertainment, with a roster that includes 2PM, GOT7, Day6 and TWICE, has also reportedly made a donation of 500 million won (S$584,000) to the Community Chest of Korea.

According to Soompi, that amount will be used to purchase logistics and equipment such as anti-contamination suits and masks, as well as provide sanitation items to low-income families.

The Community Chest of Korea also received a 20 million won (S$23,000) donation from celebrity chef Lee Yeon-bok, who owns the popular Chinese restaurant Mokran and has appeared on shows such as Please Take Care Of My Refrigerator.

In the meantime, TWICE’s Tzuyu has also chipped in 50 million won (S$58,400) to the Community Chest of Korea, and said that she hoped everyone would be healthy. Joining her were fellow members Dahyun and Nayeon with the same amounts.

Other organisations who are benefitting from this wave of generosity include Good Neighbors, which received 100 million won (S$117,00) from K-pop group MONSTA X, and Plan Korea, which got 10,000 masks from comedian Park Na-rae.Jimin of BTS took to V Live, keeping the promise he made few days ago that he would be back soon.After a brief dancing intro, he greeted viewers and confided that he was “completely bare-faced,” taking off his mask to show some breakouts.He went through the live chat feed from viewers making comments and then stood up and turned to show his outfit: A checkered blazer over a black T-shirt and black pants.“This must be the first time you’re seeing this. I’ve bought a jacket to wear to the airport ... when it gets warmer. But there is no chance of me wearing it today,” said Jimin acknowledging that he usually wears sweats.He assured fans that he could stay for about an hour on V Live and while livestreaming, he also had a lunch box meal of pork cutlet and fried kimchi rice. The artist was especially happy to spot a fried egg on top of the rice.“I love eggs, there are so many different dishes you can make. But my favorite is fried egg,” he said.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/182555.“Just so you know, I will be doing this alone,” Bambam of GOT7 began as he started his solo V Live segment lest fans should expect to see the rest of his bandmates as well.He has just posted a photo on his SNS that showed them together but the picture was taken two days ago when they gathered to celebrate Jackson’s birthday, he explained switching among Korean, English and Thai.The livestreaming is to mark that GOT7’s channel on V Live has amassed over 7 million followers, said the idol thanking viewers.“I feel wonderful!” he said adding that this renews his enthusiasm for broadcasting more often.As for the bandage on his thumb, Bambam told fans that he broke a wine glass while washing the dishes and assured that he is okay now and will be able to take it off soon. He was meaning to keep his promise to livestream but did not as he may worry fans with his cut, he went on: The good news, however, made it impossible for him not to come on V Live.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/182576.The bandmates of TXT readied themselves for a feast with the ingredients they earned through a series of games in the 12th episode of their reality show.While Beomgyu and Hueningkai were busy grilling the meat and shrimps, Taehyun, who said he would be making instant noodles, stealthily took a picture and handed his Polaroid camera back to the staff. I’m done with my mission, Taehyun said, making Beomgyu wonder if he should not have volunteered to grill.Meanwhile, Hueningkai kept teasing Yeonjun and Soobin with shrimp, pretending to feed them and then taking the shrimp away. Soobin kindly told the youngest to help himself but after a few attempts, snatched one and started chewing when Hueningkai took a picture of him doing so.“Was that why you have been so obsessed with shrimps? I haven‘t eaten any so you could have more!” said the leader.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/181729.Kang Daniel‘s much-awaited EP “Cyan” not only signals his fresh start but also hopes to offer solace, said Kpop Herald reporters Yim Hyun-su Hong Dam-young.All the five tracks are upbeat and bright, fit for the spring season. The second track “2U,” in particular, is an uplifting mid-tempo retro pop number and the title song from the EP named after the blue tinged with green. The lyrics of the lead track is full of positive message, Hong noted, telling how he is loved for being who he is.“Cyan” begins the musician’s color triology, through which he will show different sides and colors of himself, taking his fans through a journey of finding himself, Yim explained quoting Kang.Despite the fact that many artists are postponing release of new music due to COVID-19 outbreak, Kang said via e-mail he has stuck to the plan and came out with the EP in the hopes that he will be able to help everyone go through the situation together, added Yim.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/182476.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=K-pop singer Lee Hyori and actress Park Eun-hye set a charitable example by charging their tenants zero, while singer Rain and wife Kim Tae-hee are making 50 per cent discounts – but are Won Bin, Jun Ji-hyun, Hong Seok-cheon and Seo Jang-hoon doing enough?K-Pop Band BTS Proves Its Skill And Influence On 'Map Of The Soul: 7'

BTS' new record features songs that vary from grandly dramatic to impishly playful. The album's been a near-instant hit, selling over 2 million copies in its first two hours of release in South Korea.

This is FRESH AIR. The South Korean music style known as K-pop made a fresh impression on American audiences recently with the release of a new album by the group called BTS. The seven-man vocal group's new collection called "Map Of The Soul: 7" sold over 2 million copies in its first two hours of release in South Korea. It also immediately went to No. 1 in the U.S. Rock critic Ken Tucker has a look at K-pop and a review of "Map Of The Soul: 7."

BTS: (Singing) I can't understand what people are saying. (Singing in Korean). Look at my feet...

KEN TUCKER, BYLINE: The South Korean pop music genre known as K-pop emerged in the early 1990s. One of its foundational figures was Lee Soo-man, a producer and manager who decided to try and create a homegrown version of American pop and R&B. Michael Jackson and Bobby Brown, along with boy bands such as Boyz II Men and the Backstreet Boys, were particular inspirations for him. Lee Soo-man didn't sign groups; he created them, auditioning voices and physical types, mixing and matching for maximum appeal. Other producers began doing the same thing, and soon enough, there was a virtual assembly line of K-pop groups that sold millions of songs and albums, first in Asia and eventually throughout the rest of the world. At the moment, no group on Earth is as popular as BTS.

TUCKER: BTS, whose material is delivered primarily in Korean, features both singers and rappers. The group's music partakes of hip-hop rhythms pumped up with power ballad melodrama. The songs can be grandly dramatic or impishly playful; in other words, there's a lot of variety and individuality within its prefab structures, as you can hear in the dreamy production called "Black Swan."

BTS: (Singing in Korean). But what if that moment's right now - right now? (Singing in Korean).

TUCKER: The lyrics on "Map Of The Soul: 7" reveal a theme that carries throughout much of this big 20-track collection. It's primarily an album about being on the road, grappling with the difficulties that come with success, such as sustaining romantic relationships. This is, of course, a time-honored pop tradition. Everyone from Billy Joel to Lady Gaga has wasted time lamenting the tribulations of fame. And really, who cares about the details? What listeners grab onto is the pain and passion in the vocals, for the way a specific kind of anguish becomes a universal expression of emotion. In executing that, the seven guys in BTS are absolutely first-rate.

BTS: (Singing in Korean). Don't want to die. But so much pain, too much crying. (Singing in Korean). We were only seven, but we have you all now. (Singing Korean). Can we get to heaven?

TUCKER: This album arrives on the heels of the South Korean movie "Parasite" and its multiple Oscar wins. It's tempting to say that Korean pop culture is having a moment here, but that's thinking neither globally nor artistically. The rest of the world has known for a long time about K-pop's massive outreach, and here in the West, it's time for BTS to be freed from the stereotype ghetto of teen pop and acknowledged as a pop group of enormous skill and influence.

GROSS: Rock critic Ken Tucker reviewed "Map Of The Soul: 7" by the K-pop group BTS.

GROSS: FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our associate producer of digital media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. I'm Terry Gross.Late K-Pop star Goo Hara's family is embroiled in a legal dispute over her properties. Her brother Goo Ho In has filed a legal suit against their biological mother regarding Goo Hara's inheritance. Goo Hara was found dead in her apartment in Seoul in November last year.

According to reports, she has staked claim to 50 per cent of Goo Hara's inheritance. Goo Hara's father also has come out against the mother, stating that her request cannot be accepted because she left the children when they were young. Korean portal koreaboo reported her father as saying that he had struggled to cover the expenses needed to raise the children. He added that Goo Hara and her brother spent their childhood without their mother and that Goo Hara was taken care of by her brother and grandmother.

Goo Ho In was quoted as saying: “Hara was only 9 years old when our mother ran away from home. She spent her life fighting the trauma of being abandoned. Our father paid for Hara [and my] living expenses, After she debuted, our father acted as her guardian.”

Goo Hara's death had come as a shocker just over a month after the death of another K-Pop star Sulli, who was suspected to have committed suicide. In an alleged suicide attempt earlier, Goo Hara was found unconscious in her apartment. Speaking to media after her hospitalisation then, she had said that she had been in 'agony over overlapping issues'.

ALSO READ: Rapes, spy cam porn, suicides: The murky world of K-Pop

She made her K-Pop debut in 2008 as a member of the girl band Kara. She later went on to be a popular solo artist in South Korea and Japan. In 2018, Goo Hara took her former boyfriend to court, accusing him of filming her without her consent and threatening to circulate a video of the pair having sex.

Recently, Goo Ho In took to Instagram to share a heartfelt post for his sister. In the bittersweet post, he wrote how he wished his sister would be 'reborn' as his daughter. He celebrated his second wedding anniversary and also shared a ultrasound scan image of their unborn child. “My sister used to go around singing, vowing she would do anything for her first nephew or niece, even sending them to college.’ He added: ‘I hoped you’d be reborn as my daughter. I prayed that I would raise you with all the love that we didn’t get from our own parents, and just a week later, it came true. It’s a daughter,” he wrote.In fact, not long after these lovely ladies *started* this challenge, NCT 127 noticed and recorded their own version.

*Yes, this might be an old reference by now, but we're olds.Why K-Pop Content Creators Are Leaving YouTube And V Live

Big Hit and SM Entertainment are looking to better monetize the low-margin video content business through proprietary apps

Before BTS took the stage in Seoul last year at the three-date finale of its Love Yourself: Speak Yourself stadium tour, an advertisement announced that the group’s annual reality show, Bon Voyage, was coming to a new home.

The 130,000 fans in attendance — as well as those livestreaming at home and watching at movie theater screenings — learned the digital series documenting the K-pop act’s international travels would no longer air on South Korean video streaming service V Live, but rather on a newly created app called WeVerse.

The small but crucial change offers a window into the future of K-pop video content. One of the keys to K-pop’s popularity has been the industry’s use of video. Both polished productions and seemingly unscripted behind-the-scenes content — artists have been depicted at dance rehearsals, waxing appointments and giving tours of their homes — have fueled fans’ interest in the idols. But in 2019 K-pop companies began moving beyond YouTube to set up their own proprietary subscription-based apps where they can better control and monetize video content — a historically low-margin business given the high production values expected by fans.

“The biggest priority for new artists is always discoverability, and YouTube was arguably the biggest game-changer for K-pop because it allowed labels to access and win over a built-in audience of music fans from all over the world,” says Jenny Zha, CEO of Infinitize, a digital media consultancy that has worked with K-pop labels. “For market leaders like BTS, who already have the biggest K-pop following on major platforms, the focus shifts from discoverability to ownership. Labels want to use this opportunity to create an asset they can own and mobilize for other artists and ventures because they know that fans will follow to where the content is. It creates more security for the label for the long term.”

Take WeVerse, which BTS’ label, Big Hit Entertainment, and its subsidiary tech company, beNX, launched last year as a fan club social media platform. With 1.4 million daily visitors and active users from 205 regions globally, according to beNX, WeVerse delivers individual posts from BTS members and creates direct artist-to-fan interactions through Twitter-like push notifications and Instagram Story-style updates. WeVerse is free to use, although the fourth season of Bon Voyage required fans to sign up for BTS’ annual $30 global fan club membership or pay about $20 for the individual season through the online WeVerse Shop (formerly known as Weply), another Big Hit/beNX collaboration. Despite the platform change, beNX reports sales of Bon Voyage’s fourth season surpassed that of the third season that ran on subscription-based V Live+.

In August, BTS launched its Bring the Soul: Docu-Series that expanded on the film that preceded it, Bring the Soul: The Movie. The six-episode arc is available to purchase for $17.99 on WeVerse. Also available, for $12.99: Bring the Soul: The Movie Commentary Package, in which fans can watch the film synchronized with BTS members’ reactions to their scenes.

WeVerse also offers a monthly, on-demand content subscription plan called Behind that delivers never-before-seen photos and videos of BTS and Big Hit’s new boy band Tomorrow X Together. A 30-day subscription costs $2.99; 180 days goes for $14.99. Unauthorized distribution of the content is “punishable by law,” according to the app.

So far, 3.6 million BTS fans have already signed up for either the free or subscription service — the app’s home screen keeps a running tally for each act — while Tomorrow X Together has amassed nearly 1.4 million, and girl group GFriend has drawn about 435,000. Boy band Seventeen, which had Korea’s second-best-selling album of 2019 after BTS, will join the service in March as WeVerse’s first non-Big Hit artist. Seo Wooseok, president at beNX, says that artists from other K-pop agencies and overseas labels are currently under discussion for addition to WeVerse.

 “Artists can easily reach out to fans through YouTube or Twitter, but that’s closer to content delivery rather than communication — artists needed to interact with devoted fans on a deeper level while the fans wanted a more in-depth experience than just simply watching,” says Seo of the limitations that he observed in other apps. “The goal of WeVerse is expanding the communication, and the goal of WeVerse Shop is to expand convenience.”

In establishing the proprietary apps, K-pop companies seemingly intend to lure away the fan bases they’ve built on other platforms, such as the 25.8 million subscribers BTS has amassed on YouTube, its 24.2 million Twitter followers and the 17.5 million it has on the V Live app. Seventeen, GFriend and Tomorrow X Together have all hosted multiple mid- to long-form series on their respective YouTube and V Live channels, making it likely that they will make a pay-to-view shift to WeVerse as well. Eight months into operation, beNX says WeVerse has generated over 29 million posts and 37 million comments. Activity isn’t isolated either: A WeVerse post from BTS member V asking for Simpsons-inspired fan art of him and his Pomeranian caught the eye of the cartoon’s longtime writer Al Jean on Twitter who later said he’s trying to get BTS on the show.

SM Entertainment also entered the proprietary app space in 2019 with Lysn, which acts as a global fan community for its artists. Lysn is free to use, but a paid fan club membership brings more interactive features and a membership box of goodies that include photo and postcard sets and accessories like wallets and pins. SM has not hosted video content yet, but its artists have used the app to share news updates in a fan-supported environment (versus an online space that is accessible to all comers). In January, Chen, a member of boy band EXO, posted a handwritten letter on Lysn, sharing that he was getting married and expecting a child with his future wife. The reveal resulted in an online tsunami of reaction, with some fans demanding he leave the group. SM was eventually forced to respond that he was staying put.

Later that month SM launched a personal-message system called “Dear U” where fans can subscribe to receive personal messages sent from their SM idols. A subscription to an individual member costs $3.49 per month, while, for instance, subscribing to all 14 NCT members will cost fans $40.99 per month. Fans can message the artists as many times as they want, but it’s entirely up to the band members to respond.

Zha at Infinitize says the apps will enable K-pop companies to retain all of the ad revenue generated by the content they post. YouTube’s revenue-sharing model only gives 55% to channel owners, which can get more complicated when international viewership is involved. The strategy will allow the companies to build their own revenue models and wring more profits from fans in a sector of the K-pop business that hasn’t proved very lucrative up to now.

“The key is finding a sustainable business model,” says Zha. “There’s a unique emphasis on the quality of visuals for K-pop content so production and promotional costs are often high, leaving little — if any — room where money could be made. By owning the audience, labels have the freedom to deliver the content directly to the fans and create a larger profit margin.”HOUSTON – When it was first announced that the 2020 lineup for the Houston Rodeo would include a K-pop group, reactions were split. Many rodeogoers didn’t understand the change in tradition and the K-pop fan community of Houston grew eager to know if super groups BTS or Black Pink would perform.

Despite the curiosity surrounding the day, NCT 127 fans showed up and showed out making the first K-pop night at the Rodeo a success.

The total attendance for all activities on park grounds was more than 80,000 guests, according to the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo.

Most of the audience was dressed in neon green with a light stick in hand.

Before the concert, fans participated in Random Dance Play outside of the stadium. The activity was organized by @NCT_TEXAS, a fan group on Twitter, and K-event planner @SNAP2Official.

Later in the night, cowboys wrapped up their rodeo and the stage was rolled out for NCT 127.

The K-Pop group opened the show with their English version of “Cherry Bomb.”

The supergroup also performed big hits “Simon Says,” “TOUCH," and “Highway to Heaven.”

They closed out the show with “Kick It."

Here’s what fans had to say about the show:Q: First Holland song you'd recommend to new fans?

H: The truth is, many people remember me for "Neverland". They remember me as the Holland who's full of youth and sings about hope. Although I might have changed a little, at my core I'm still the Holland who talks about hope and love.

So the song I want to recommend is "Neverland". Other than that it's a matter of taste, but I trust that you'll like all of them. It's OK if you don't like them. I'll just write better songs. [laughs]After months of legal investigations and protests from fans supporting his innocence, K-pop star Wonho has been cleared of all charges after allegations of past drug usage last year.

The news about the former Monsta X member was shared by Korean-entertainment label Starship Entertainment on March 14 (local Korea time), sharing a statement that Wonho had been cleared of all charges by the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency this week after an investigation was launched against him last year following a series of allegations made against him including illegal drug use.

According to Starship, “Wonho actively cooperated with the police and all investigation procedures, including scientific examinations by the investigative agencies” and Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency's drug investigation unit investigating for five months.

Starship adds that during this time they tried to keep minimum public exposure of the star and appointed him an attorney.

While Wonho departed his original boy band Monsta X, the label says more is on the way for him as an artist, concluding the statement saying, “We will continue to fully support Wonho for developing his own career in the future.” Future details into what his plans are expected to come soon as Wonho had proven himself both as an artist as well as multifaceted songwriter and producer (increasingly working on more cuts for Monsta X’s albums including their latest English and Korean release).

The legal battle for Wonho began when a series of allegations made against him surfaced online, the most damning being accusations of marijuana use which is illegal in South Korea. The singer departed Monsta X in late October, instantly spurring both in-person and online protests from fans supporting him.

Monsta X fans, particularly international fans, had continued to push to make sure Wonho was not forgotten with this news likely offering a huge sense of relief to those fighting.

The move is also remarkably unique for the K-pop industry, where artists and companies tend to cut ties with any and all things controversial, all indicating fans rally cries truly were heard and/or a remarkable amount of loyalty between the artist and company.

More details are expected about Wonho’s future soon, but for now the #FightForWonho has taken a major step forward. For now read the English statement in full and watch “Follow,” the latest Monsta X music video to feature Wonho, below:

“The Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency's drug investigation team cleared Wonho, a former member of the idol group Monsta X, of all charges against him on March 10th after closing an investigation into the drug, including marijuana.

“In late October last year, allegations of marijuana smoking were raised against Wonho which consequently led the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency's drug investigation team to investigate all drug charges on him. During the investigation, Wonho actively cooperated with the police and all investigation procedures, including scientific examinations by the investigative agencies. The Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency's drug investigation unit conducted extensive investigations for the past five months but was unable to find any charges. Finally, on March 10th, Wonho's internal investigation was concluded.

“Regardless of any above, we would like to apologize once again for the fact that Starship Entertainment and Wonho have caused great concern to our fans. We also thank all our fans for their unwavering support while the investigation was conducted.

“During the long investigation, we tried our best to minimize media exposure to Wonho and to appoint an attorney to ensure that there are no charges against him. We will continue to fully support Wonho for developing his own career in the future. Thank you.”Need a new fave? We've got you covered!

So you've got plenty of groups that you love already, but you're not too familiar with the latest acts coming out of K-pop. Don't know where to start and who to stan? We'll take the effort out for you, just take our quiz and we'll tell you which group could be your next bias!

Listen in 24/7 on Digital Radio, by downloading our free mobile app or by streaming live here on our website.Disgraced former K-pop star Seungri enlisted in the South Korean army Monday, meaning a military court will now hear his trial on charges stemming from a sex and drug scandal in 2019.The 29-year-old singer from popular boy band BIGBANG has been indicted on accusations including prostitution arrangement, embezzlement and illicit gambling.All able-bodied South Korean men are obliged to fulfill around two years of military service to defend the country from North Korea , with which it remains technically at war.Wearing a black-hooded shirt and matching face mask, Seungri arrived at a military boot camp in Cheorwon, a border town 100 kilometers north of Seoul.Seungri - whose military service was postponed in 2019 because of ongoing police inquiries - bowed to reporters but did not answer questions before checking in, Yonhap news agency reported.BIGBANG enjoyed widespread fame following its 2006 debut and its member Seungri went on to become a successful businessman, but the public backlash and formal investigations caused him to retire from show business in 2019.Seungri, whose real name is Lee Seung-hyun, is accused of habitual overseas gambling at luxurious casinos in Las Vegas involving illicit foreign exchange transactions.The star is also suspected of arranging sex services for potential investors in his business.The investigation into the scandal surrounding him uncovered a spate of allegations against other musicians and personnel at YG Entertainment - Seungri's former agency and one of the biggest K-pop management firms.It prompted the agency CEO Yang Hyun-suk to step down in June facing probes of his own into illicit gambling crimes.K-pop singer Chungha has put herself under quarantine after two of her staff tested positive for the Covid-19 coronavirus following a trip to Italy.

The 24-year-old singer, who returned to South Korea from Italy on Feb 24, has tested negative for the virus, said a statement from her agency, MNH Entertainment.

But two of her accompanying staff were found to have been infected. One of them showed signs of fever upon returning to South Korea, while the other was found to be a confirmed case upon testing.

Chungha and the rest of the staff "will go into self-isolation as requested by Korea Centres for Disease Control and Prevention", as a precautionary measure, said the statement. It added: "For the sake of safety, all scheduled activities have been cancelled for the time being and we will continue to take the best possible measures and deal with (it) faithfully."

This comes amid fears that other South Korean celebrities who went to Italy recently might have been exposed to the coronavirus.

Stars such as actresses Song Hye-kyo and Park Min-young and singer-actress IU had all attended Milan Fashion Week, which was held from Feb 18 to 24. What made it more worrying was that many of them had stayed at the same hotel in Milan, Korean media reported.

Meanwhile, Chungha's quarantine means that she will miss an upcoming performance at the Head In The Clouds music and arts festival on Saturday in Jakarta, with organisers 88rising confirming the cancellation on Twitter.

The former member of South Korean girl group I.O.I, which disbanded in 2017, has since found success as a solo artiste and recently collaborated with Indonesian rapper Rich Brian on the track, These Nights.

As of yesterday afternoon, South Korea's current number of coronavirus cases exceeds 3,700, as the country grapples with the largest outbreak of the virus outside China, while Italy's tally – the highest in Europe – exceeds 1,000 cases. – The Straits Times/Asia News NetworkIn 2020, it is almost inescapable to hear about Kpop: the new musical phenomenon from South Korea. In this article, Emily explores how the genre came to be, as well as the artists you should check out to expand your knowledge on this growing movement.

Korean pop music, most commonly known as Kpop, has surged in popularity over the past few years, fostering legions of loyal fans worldwide. With elaborate dance routines and music videos, Kpop groups set the bar higher and higher for themselves every day. Yet, it can all seem quite overwhelming to the outsider looking in, so here is a quick guide to help you try and understand the glamourous and ever-growing world of Kpop!

First a quick glossary of words that are frequently used by the Kpop fandom:
• Bias = Someone’s favourite member of a Kpop group. Some believe you can have more than one, but the second favourite idol could also be considered a…
• Bias Wrecker = the idol who makes you rethink who your bias actually is.
• Stan = A combination of stalker and fan, simply meaning a person who is overly obsessed with an idol or group, but not to the point of dangerous behaviour.

Kpop first appeared on the music scene way back in 1992 with the group Seo Taiji and Boys. The earliest hit that many of us probably remember, however, is ‘Gangnam Style’ by Psy, which spawned a viral internet dance craze in 2012. The next group to bring the genre to Western ears were Bangtan Sonyeondan, more commonly known as BTS, who are still one of the most popular groups in the genre today.

Created by the South Korean entertainment company BigHit Entertainment, BTS is made up of seven members: RM, Jin, SUGA, JHope, Jimin, V, Junkook, and debuted in 2013 with their album 2 Cool 4 Skool. Their entrances into the Billboard Hot 200 helped cultivate their presence in the Western music-sphere, and in 2018, BTS topped the chart with their album Love Yourself: Tear. I have always been a fan of bands that incorporate theatrics into their performance concepts, so when I discovered the group, I instantly fell in love with the music and videos of their 2016 album Wings. In the project’s concept they repeatedly refer to the Greek legend of Icarus, as well as taking inspiration from Hermann Hesse’s coming of age novel Demian. Growth and togetherness are running themes throughout all their albums, and helped me build emotional connections with their work while experiencing the personal growth that comes with going to university.

The next group that I would recommend as essential is Mamamoo, which was introduced to me by a housemate in second year, who surprised me with her love for Kpop when I revealed mine. Made up of four powerful women: Solar, Moobyul, Hwasa and Wheein, the group debuted in 2014 and are best known for their fusion of jazz, R&B and retro aesthetics. One of my favourite songs of theirs is ‘Piano Man’, an electronic dance and swing number that makes you want to strut your stuff, with a music video which is just as sexy and slick. ‘Decalcomanie’ is another highlight, featuring a more pop-like feel.

NCT is not a single group but a collection of units. Founded by SM Entertainment, the group, whose name stands for Neo Culture Technology, consists of 21 members as of 2019. These members are then divided into smaller units, the first being NCT U, followed by NCT 127 (based in Seoul), NCT Dream. and finally WayV, which is based in China. To add to this confusing structure, one member can be part of multiple units, and there has been a lot roster-changing between the divisions. There are also collaboration tracks between units, an example being ‘Boss’, which features NCT U and a few members from NCT 127. If you get confused by this unit-based layout you are not alone. They are individual groups with their own styles but within the same company, and it is a unique yet dizzying approach to music marketing in the modern age. Regarding standout songs, I recommend ‘Shut Up and Dance’ by NCT 127, a collaboration with Jason Derulo, ‘Regular’, also by NCT 127, which has both an English and Korean version, and ‘Don’t Need Your Love’ by NCT Dream featuring HRVY, which is a lot more chill than the other two tracks.

This is only a small taster of what the Kpop genre has to offer. BlackPink, is another girl group that has been rising in popularity recently, with their songs appearing on soundtracks including To All the Boys I Love: Ps I Still Love You and Justice League. Exo are a boy band that has been around since 2012 but has had more difficulties making it big with Western audiences. 2012 was an important year as it also saw the birth of KCon, which was designed to be an affordable opportunity for people to sample multiple groups from the Kpop world as well as meet their idols and fellow fans. There are so many other groups I would like to talk about in more detail but do not have the space in this article.

Needless to say, the Kpop genre is still ever-growing as a genre and has pretty much taken over from the American boyband fandom that has been with us for generations. As an Anglo-Asian, this feels like the musical cross-over between East and West that I have always been waiting for.

Featured image courtesy of Peter Kaminski via Flickr. Article image courtesy of @bts.bighitofficial via Instagram. Image use licence here.

Follow @ImpactMagazine on Twitter or like the Impact Entertainment Facebook page for more articles and information on how to get involved.K-pop singer Chungha is taking a big leap by teaming up with ICM Partners, one of the biggest talent agencies in the US, which has represented big name stars such as Beyonce and Megan Fox. 



“I hope to show more various sides of me while working with ICM. ‘Breaking into the US market’ still sounds like a huge title for me, but I’m excited for what’s to come in the future,” Chungha told The Korea Herald on Wednesday. “As much as it’s a hard-won opportunity, I will work hard for it.”



Amid a wave of K-pop idols making inroads into the US market more recently, Chungha is the first female K-pop soloist to ink a high-profile deal with a major US agency in the last few years. 









The 24-year-old is one of the few female success stories in the burgeoning K-pop scene largely dominated by male idol groups. 



Chungha who spent early childhood years in Dallas returned to Korea in the late 2000s to pursue her music career. After seven years at JYP Entertainment as a trainee, she relocated to MHN Entertainment in 2015 and made an official debut in the next year as a member of project girl group I.O.I. 



After the group’s one-year contract ran out, she started her solo career in 2017 with a debut hit “Why Don’t You Know.” Since then, the singer-dancer has become one of the most promising acts in the scene. 



All of her hits, such as “Roller Coaster,” “Gotta Go” and “Snapping,” soared atop local music charts. Her biggest hit “Gotta Go” from last year earned her bigger-than-ever fame and a breakthrough on the Billboard charts. Particularly, it was her mastery in vocal prowess and dynamic dance-focused performances that won many accolades in Korea and beyond, as few soloists are equipped with both talents. 



“There are many female soloists in the US, but few of them are a great dancer and vocalist at the same time like Chungha. I think she definitely has a competitive edge,” said Lee Joo-seob, CEO of her Korean agency MNH.



The MNH CEO went on to emphasize that Chungha’s childhood experience in the US would boost her crossover career. Many K-pop acts trying to break into the pop market make extended efforts to overcome language barrier and cultural differences. But Lee believed that the singer’s fluent English would make her easier to adjust to the new environment and get accepted by English speaking audiences. 



“We had a firm belief that Chungha would have a strong edge in the US pop market considering her fluency in English and deep understanding of the US culture overall. Since her debut, she has always wanted to promote in the US,” said Lee. Chungha made her first Stateside performance at KCON 2018 Los Angeles. She also impressed many concertgoers in Austin at the “South by Southwest” music festival in March last year.



The MNH CEO also hinted at the possibility of Chungha building an acting career in Hollywood. “We believe that Chungha has a potential to expand her career as an actress in the US. While focusing on her singing career, ICM and we both agreed to work on creating opportunities for her acting as well,” he added. 



“She won’t rush anything. She will make gradual steps toward expanding her career, just like she did in Korea.” 



Chungha recently dropped a new ballad titled “Everybody Has.”



By Hong Dam-young (lotus@heraldcorp.com)New Delhi, March 4 (IANS) Z-Boys and Z-Girls, collectively known as the Z-Stars, recently turned one as a group together. The K-Pop inspired group from different Asian countries says its goal is to be "one Asia".

Launched by the COZMIC Group, Z-POP DREAM is a project to discover pop music talent. In its inaugural season last year, Z-Boys and Z-Girls groups made their debut.

While the Z-Boys has Marvin (Indonesia), Sid (India), Gai (Japan), Perry (Taiwan), Blink (Thailand), Roy (Vietnam) and Josh (Philippines), the Z-Girls consists of Carlyn (Philippines), Priyanka (India), Bell (Thailand), Mahiro (Japan), Vanya (Indonesia), Queen (Vietnam) and Joanne (Taiwan).

Looking back at his audition days, Josh told IANS: "The audition in Philippines was nerve-wracking because there were a lot of contestants. With our hard work, we turned out to be the chosen ones. We are really grateful for this opportunity."

What did they pick from each other''s cultures? "The gap for each member is the language. We have seven different languages. We communicate in English," said Perry.

And then there''s the accent. "Sometimes when one member speaks too fast, we tell him or her to ''wait'' and speak slowly or we use body language too. It''s an amazing experience for me," added the singer.

The "It''s Christmas!" singers were recently in India for a multi-city tour. They even performed at the live music destination, Hard Rock Cafe in Delhi/NCR.

"This is the first time that I have come to India. I like the weather here. It''s colder than my country. I like the cold weather. I also like the food here. I eat a lot," said Queen with a laugh.

Like K-Pop stars, they also have the perfect song and dance sequences. It is said that most of the K-Pop artistes undergo cosmetic procedures to get the perfect skin or lashes etc. Asked if Z-Stars had to go under the knife, Priyanka said: "Grooming is also part of our training. We are taught how to manage ourselves. I used to be a swimmer. If you are interested in sports, you don''t care about how you look or the fashion bit.

"But when I went to Korea, I had to change the whole thing. Of course, I have to care about myself because there are a lot of people who look up to us."

But did anyone suggest them to get cosmetic surgery? Priyanka replied: "There were people (sponsors) who would suggest it but it''s up to you. If you are confident about yourself, I don''t think we need a change in ourselves."

K-Pop is considered to be one of the most successful exports of South Korea. But it also comes with a price. Asked about the pressures the group has to face, Priyanka said: "We have been lucky to be under our company. We never felt that much pressure. They are very supportive. They help us grow. They never forced us to do anything."

"We are busy with our schedules... I guess that''s the only pressure we feel - to do more for ourselves, for our fans, and practise more to be better version of ourselves. That''s the only pressure I guess," she added.

"When we were making our debut in Korea, people questioned our project because they did not know about it. There were mixed reviews like ''are they going to fail? because we don''t have a Korean member in our group. People doubted it since our project is different from what they had expected," recalled Priyanka.

"In the beginning, it was more negative. Now, it''s more positive," she said with a smile.

On dealing with criticism, Josh said: "Personally, we worked hard and instead of being affected by criticism we focussed on making our countries proud. We just want to make the seven countries proud and we hope that in the future, they can accept the group more."

They want to use music as a cultural bridge. "Our goal is to unite Asia and be one Asia. We not only plan to sing in English but also in as many languages as possible. We can be the cultural bridge through music in the world," said Priyanka.

Disclaimer :- This story has not been edited by Outlook staff and is auto-generated from news agency feeds. Source: IANSGuess who made the top of each list!

In honour of its 30th anniversary, Korean news outlet Sports Chosun has asked 20 K-pop entertainment agencies to name the most influential artists in the field currently, in various categories.

Representatives from agencies including SM Entertainment, BigHit Entertainment, JYP Entertainment, Pledis Entertainment, Cube Entertainment, Woolim Entertainment, Source Music, FNC Entertainment, Blockberry Creative and many more participated.

Check out the results for each category based on their votes.

What do you think of the rankings?

Listen in 24/7 on Digital Radio, by downloading our free mobile app or by streaming live here on our website.Pentagon is rumoured to be in the lineup for survival show Road To Kingdom.

The nine member group – Hui, Jinho, Hongseok, Shinwon, Yanan, Yeo One, Yuto, Kino, and Wooseok – are reportedly in talks to take part in the show, which will culminate in a boy group version of Queendom.

Other K-pop boy groups ONEUS, ONF, Golden Child, The Boyz and TOO are also said to be in talks for the final lineup.

Road to Kingdom will have a similar format to the survival show Queendom from last year where girl groups competed against each other in a comeback battle, releasing music on various streaming platforms at the same time.

The series was won by MAMAMOO with Oh My Girl coming second.

The Road to Kingdom champ will get straight through to follow up show Kingdom.

Previously SF9 and AB6IX were also linked to the show, but both groups decided not to take part.

FNC Entertainment, SF9’s agency, said in a statement: ‘It is true that it was under discussion, but the decision has already been made to not participate.’

Filming on Road to Kingdom is scheduled to start on 20 March.

Pentagon made headlines in 2018 after member E’Dawn was revealed to have been dating singer Hyuna since 2016.

Cube Entertainment removed him from a fan event following backlash from Korean fans, and despite a petition from international fans to keep him in the group it was eventually announced he had left.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Caroline Flack laid to rest in private funeral, three weeks after death aged 40

MORE : Piers Morgan takes aim as Holly Willoughby skips TRIC Awards amid This Morning winA survival competition show for K-pop boy bands is slated to premiere in April on Mnet, the cable channel said Wednesday. 



"'Road to Kingdom' will invite talented boy groups to have a cutthroat but fair match," Mnet said. "The viewers will see how these singers grow up day by day through the competition."



The lineup has not been confirmed, but seven or eight bands will appear. Pentagon, Golden Child, ONF, ONEUS, TOO and The Boyz are reportedly among them. AB6IX and SF9 considered joining but decided not to.



"Road to Kingdom" is a prequel to the channel's coming program "Kingdom." The winners from the former show ― who will be selected through voting ― will acquire a priority to be featured in "Kingdom." Further details about "Kingdom" are under wraps. 



In 2019, Mnet aired "Queendom," a competition show for female K-pop artists that included MAMAMOO, Lovelyz, AOA, (G)I-DLE, OH MY GIRL and soloist Park Bom. 



Two hosts of "Queendom," actress Lee Da-hee and TV personality Jang Sung-kyu, will preside over "Road to Kingdom."For nearly a decade now, SOPHIE’s experimental and hyperkinetic-pop sound has intrigued listeners since early Soundcloud cuts like “Bipp” and “Lemonade.” Now, the reclusive singer-songwriter-producer makes her way into the K-pop scene.

On March 1, girl group ITZY shared the tracklist and production credits to their upcoming It'z Me EP revealing that SOPHIE had worked on a new track called "24Hrs." Crafted with alt-pop singer Lola Blanc with K-indie singer-rapper Penomeco writing the lyrics, a short instrumental clip that ITZY shared hints to a strong electronic track. The sound is reminiscent of recent SOPHIE tracks like “Ponyboy” or “Faceshopping”—some of the more intense tracks on her Grammy-nominated Oil of Every Pearl’s Un-Insides album—and sounds like a nice fit for the K-pop quintet who have pushed a strong, independent image in tracks like “Dalla Dalla” and “Want It?”

While SOPHIE’s forward-thinking pop sound sounds like it’d be a natural fit for the genre-agnostic K-pop world, “24Hrs” will mark the first time she ventures onto a release. While she's lent her style to major names like Madonna and Charli XCX, plus working on one track for J-pop diva Namie Amuro in 2015, it will be exciting to see if this can lead SOPHIE and/or her publishing team to more K-pop collaborations.

Additionally exciting is seeing a trans artist embraced when there’s still very little representation for LGBTQ+ artists in the K-pop scene and gay rights are essentially nonexistent in South Korea. SOPHIE’s production work follows right after Troye Sivan and singer-songwriter Leland worked on a track on BTS’ new Map of the Soul : 7 album in another moment of queer representation in K-pop.

ITZY’s It'z Me EP drops on March 9, local time in Korea, that will also feature the lead single “Wannabe” and a collaboration with EDM producer Oliver Heldens “Ting Ting Ting.”

Get more familiar with SOPHIE and ITZY’s work below:For those who don’t know, due to a new change introduced by Korean enlistment law back in 2018; all Korean male citizens have to enlist by the age of 28. This means that a number K-pop idols who are born in 1991 and 1992 have to conscript by the end of 2020.

Ready to say goodbye to these boys? Here’s a list of idols who will be enlisting for mandatory military service, as arranged by their groups:

Kicking off the list is none other than the visual king himself – Jin (real name Kim Seokjin)! It was previously debated whether will all the members of this sensational K-pop group will be getting military exemption due to the big contribution they’ve done to their country.

However, the proposal didn’t pass the government and as a result, all 7 members are required to enlist. In this case, Jin is likely to become the first member to go since he is the eldest.

In regards to that, the Gyeonggi-born star commented, “I think many people are curious about my enlistment. Nothing has been confirmed for now. However, I’m always ready to go whenever I received the notification of my mandatory service.”

EXO-Ls! Be prepared with a box of tissues as 4 boys of the K-pop mega group are set leave to fulfil their military enlistment. Fellow members Xiumin and D.O have already enlisted back in 2019.

This will leave the mega group with only 2 active Korean members – Sehun and Kai. Interestingly, both of them were born in the year of the dog (1994). On the other hand, Chinese member Lay Zhang has been on a roll with his solo activities in his homeland.

As the eldest of WINNER, Jinu will need to enlist by this year. In addition, fellow member Hoony who was born in 1992 is also expected to enlist sometime this year.

For the uninitiated, all 4 boys – including Mino and Yoon – appeared in YG Entertainment’s survival programme “WIN (Who Is Next)” where they emerged as the winning group. Originally debuted as a quintet, former member Nam Taehyun made his exit back in 2016.

The group made their appearance in the Mnet reality show “No Mercy”. The 7-member then made their official debut with the song “Trespass” under Starship Entertainment.

As the eldest member of MONSTA X, Shownu will be the first to undergo mandatory military enlisment. The other members were born between 1993 and 1996, so it will be a few years before they are required to enlist.

As most BBCs (Block B fans) have known, most of the boys of the 7-member group were born in the year 1992; Leader Zico, U-kwon and also Park Kyung. This will leave the maknae P.O as the only member who is yet to undergo mandatory military service. While Taeil and B-Bomb are currently in base camp, Jaehyo had to discharge early due to his knee injury.

Who would have ever thought that behind his cute face and petite physique, Jinho is actually the eldest member of the 9-piece ensemble. For those who don’t know, the 28-year-old was a former member of SM The Ballad under the stage name Jino.

The K-pop idol-turn-actor is the only member of the award-winning group to who is yet to serve in the military. Word has it that L (real name Kim Myungsoo) is currently working on a TV series that will likely be his final project before his temporary hiatus.

However, Inspirits (as Infinite’s fans are lovingly called) can breathe a sigh of relief as leader Sunggyu was discharged recently on 8th January (Wednesday). It seems like fans will have to wait a little longer for a full OT6 comeback.

The band’s bassist Lee Jaejin had already enlisted on 21st January. He will serve as an active-duty soldier after going through basic training. Meanwhile, drummer Choi Minhwan also enlisted the next month, which was on 24th February. The latter is expected to be discharged on September 2021.

Just like Infinite’s L, the maknae (youngest member) of the 9-member boy group will be the last to fulfil the mandatory military enlistment. For those who don’t know, he had successfully wrapped his drama “Chief Of Staff” back in December.

N.Flying leader Seunghyub will be the 2nd member of the rock band to enlist in the military. Fellow member Hweseung had already completed his military service way before his official debut with the group.

Fun fact: J.seph (real name Kim Taehyung) will be the 1st and only member of the co-ed K-pop group to enlist in the military. This is because he is the only Korean-born male among the 4 members of the “Bomb Bomb” hit makers. Fellow guy teammate B.M was born in Los Angeles, California.

For the former BIGBANG member, it’s a special case. As reported in our previous story, word has it that Seungri is set to enlist as an active duty soldier on 9th March this year. Though, the news has yet to be confirmed since Seungri is still undergoing investigations regarding his past scandals.

VIXX’s home label, Jellyfish Entertainment has announced that Ken (real name Lee Jae Hwan) will be enlisting this summer. “VIXX’s Ken will enlist sometime in July. The exact date of his enlistment has not been set for now,” wrote the entertainment agency.

Ken’s enlistment will mark him as the third member of the “Chained Up” hit-makers to enlist. Group leader N’s enlisted back in March 2019 while fellow teammate Leo followed suit in December 2019.

Out of all the names listed, which idol will you miss the most? Share with us in the comments section below.Why K-Pop Fans Still Buy CDs (Even When They Can't Play Them)

Thanks to collectible cards, handwritten letters, striking design and variant covers, K-pop fans are snapping up millions of physical CDs — even when they have no means to play them

In 2018, BTS’ Love Yourself: Tear became the first-ever South Korean album to garner a Grammy Award nomination. But it wasn’t the LP’s musical offerings that drew the Recording Academy’s attention. Love Yourself: Tear was recognized in the best recording package category. Though St. Vincent’s Masseduction took home the trophy, Tear’s nomination was a nod to the creativity and craftsmanship being poured into the design and content of K-pop albums.

As more than a dozen K-pop acts, including BTS, EXO, Blackpink and SuperM, have landed on the Billboard 200 since the first, BoA, charted in 2009, the albums released in the South Korean music market are drawing as much interest for their design as for the songs on them.

In one of the last markets where physical sales of music remain strong, K-pop album packaging relies on sumptuous photography, elaborate graphic design and variant covers to sell CDs.

South Korea’s music industry saw physical-format revenue grow almost 29% in 2018, the second year in a row that the country reported the largest increase in physical revenue worldwide. Just over 40% of South Korea’s total music revenue of $599.9 million were physical, according to the global music industry organization IFPI.

The appeal of K-pop collectibles is one reason why, says David Price, IFPI’s director of insight and analysis. In addition to variant covers, K-pop albums usually contain a variety of extra goodies, such as collectible photo or metallic-looking holographic-foil cards, posters, stickers and even copies of handwritten letters by members of an act. It’s not unusual for 50 different collectible cards to be produced for an album release, and fans will often buy multiple copies of a CD in hopes of collecting the entire set or finding rare cards. (Secondary markets on eBay, Facebook and Twitter also exist where fans buy and trade these album extras.)

“Fans don’t buy albums to listen to the music; they don’t even have CD players,” says Jiyoon Lee, the head of Seoul-based creative studio XXX, which has made albums and other content for K-pop groups like EXO, BTS, TXT and LOONA. “So, the albums have to be something special, something that fans want to collect.” Lee says demand for inventive, visually appealing K-pop album packaging has grown steadily since she opened her studio in 2011.

The imagery incorporated into the design enhances the creative narrative of each K-pop release, says SM Entertainment CEO Chris Lee. “Each album comes out with different merchandise, and we consider this an opportunity for us to express the storytelling that we couldn’t really include in the music or the music video,” he says.

Lottery-style marketing strategies that spur fans to buy hundreds of albums to improve their chances of winning tickets to band meet-and-greets are also contributing to an increasing number of K-pop albums passing the million sales mark. EXO has released five albums since 2013 that have sold over 1 million copies each. Wanna One saw 1x1=1 (To Be One) sell over 1 million copies during the group’s brief existence from mid-2017 to the start of 2019. BTS, the undeniable kings of modern-day album sales, moved over 3.3 million copies of 2019’s Map of the Soul: Persona, which became the best-selling South Korean album of all time, and the group’s February album release, Map of the Soul: 7, has since surpassed those sales.

K-pop isn’t the only genre selling multiple versions of a single album, of course. Artists like Taylor Swift are doing the same thing in the United States. When her 2019 album, Lover, was released, fans could purchase a deluxe physical version, sold exclusively in Target stores, that featured a journal written by Swift. The special edition helped Lover rack up the biggest sales week of 2019 in the United States for an album, selling around 450,000 physical copies on its first day of release (Aug. 23) and 679,000 physical albums in its first week, according to Nielsen Music/MRC Data.

But U.S. artists offering special physical editions of their albums is not nearly as widespread a practice as it is in the K-pop world. And fans of these American acts are more apt to stream the music than buy a CD or vinyl album, let alone hundreds of them.

“To the fans, it’s not just an issue of buying music,” says Bernie Cho, the head of DFSB Kollective, a Korean music export agency. “You’re showing your loyalty.” And that loyalty helps an album chart higher.

Though the use of concert ticket/album bundles to boost an album’s chart performance is rare in the Asian market, it does occasionally happen when K-pop albums are marketed stateside. (Billboard requires that the price of an album be at least $3.49 for it to be counted toward chart position.) Last year, SuperM released eight variants of its debut EP, The 1st Mini Album, and offered more than 60 merchandise/album bundles and a concert ticket/album sale redemption offer for the group’s North American tour. In 2018, BTS released four editions of Love Yourself: Answer and marketed a concert ticket/album sale redemption offer for the group’s sold-out October show at Citi Field in Flushing, N.Y. Both albums debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.

XXX’s Lee says that lately, her studio customers are asking for smaller, more uniformly sized collectible releases compared with the more creative shapes and sizes of previous releases. K-pop stars are putting out a lot of content every year, she explains, and the companies behind these acts are concerned that consumers will buy less when the products are larger and harder to organize and display.

Lee predicts that the CD itself may one day entirely disappear as streaming makes further inroads. If that happens, she sees K-pop albums giving way to what she calls a “concept book” that forgoes a CD for other promotional and collectible content.

As long as fan demand continues, physical copies of K-pop albums won’t be phased out anytime soon. “It has to do with good old-fashioned moneymaking,” says DFSB’s Cho. “The margins on physical CDs have been and will continue to be very healthy.”SEOUL
• Several K-pop celebrities are turning to online fan meetings and concerts as ways to communicate with fans without physical contact to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.

Taeyeon, a member of Girls Generation, will be having a Naver V Live fan meeting today at 7pm for the release of her new song, Happy, according to S.M. Entertainment. Today is also her birthday and the date of the song's release along with the music video.

K-pop group Itzy of JYP Entertainment will also be having their showcase Itzy Live Premiere online today at 8pm for their second mini-album, It'z Me, which will be released at 6pm.

Last Saturday, Baek Ye-rin met fans through YouTube livestreaming after her performance in Head In The Clouds festival in Jakarta was cancelled.

K-pop megastars BTS also livestreamed their press conference two weeks ago on the group's YouTube channel to promote their new album, Map Of The Soul: 7.

Questions were submitted to the band via e-mail and there was also a question-and-answer session for fans.

Other artists are also turning to online streaming as concerts are getting cancelled.

Comedians Song Eun-yi and Kim Sook went live online on Feb 29 in celebration of the fourth anniversary of their podcast, Vivo TV. They held a livestream fan meeting in an empty auditorium after their concerts on Feb 28 and Feb 29 were cancelled due to the Covid-19 outbreak.

Such livestreaming in place of live concerts has received a positive response from fans.

Sunwoo Jung-a performed a YouTube livestream jazz concert on Feb 26 with over 1,000 viewers and a second online concert is being planned, according to her agency Magic Strawberry Sound.

On Feb 14, Valentine's Day, boy band Winner appeared on V Live after their Seoul concert, the last show of their tour, was cancelled. The broadcast attracted 964,656 viewers. Band members also communicated with the fans through live comments.

The V Live service has become more popular after the livestreaming of BTS' concert in Wimbledon last year, attracting 140,000 simultaneous views despite being a paid service.ATEEZ star Jongho was pictured arriving at the airport in a wheelchair at Incheon International Airport as the K-pop group headed off on their world tour.

Jongho’s agency KQ Management previously announced on social media that the idol had suffered a leg injury.

His injury is believed to take around three to four months to heal.

But he’s not letting that deter him from joining the members on tour, and will be seated on stage at each stop.

Jongho joined the rest of the group on Thursday to make the journey overseas to Madrid, where they are due to perform on 14 March.

The members will also stop in Paris, London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Warsaw and Moscow.

Known for their inventive dance moves and frenetic stage presence, ATINY who get to see the guys live are in for a total treat

Also departing South Korea to head off on tour were girl group Everglow, who have released such bangers as Bon Bon Chocolat, Adios and more recently Dun Dun.

Members E:U, Sihyeon, Mia, Onda, Aisha and Yiren nailed their airport fashion as they arrived at the airport to a wall of paps.

Special mention goes to Onda who is still rocking her vibrant orange hair, teaming it with a short brown and blue denim jacket, black jeans and trainers.

Everglow, who are under agency Yuehua Entertainment, are embarking on their first ever world tour.

Starting 6 March the girl group will play in Dallas, stopping at Atlanta, Chicago and Jersey City before rounding things off in Los Angeles.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Jack Whitehall and Douglas Booth enjoy doggy day out and they’re officially friendship goals

MORE : Taika Waititi and the Chocolate Factory: Director set to create two Netflix animated series based on Roald Dahl’s bookThe BTS bandmates continued to play games in the 96th episode of “Run BTS!”The first activity of the day was putting together tops and spinning them. But Jin, who as master of ceremonies had to decide which tops to give to which players, was torn between Jimin and Jungkook.Jimin, winner of the last game, had the first pick, Jin said, but their bandmates protested. Then the youngest member of BTS asked to go first as a special favor.“I will be hurt if you let him,” said Jimin, putting pressure on Jin.The oldest member suggested going around the group to see which top each band member wanted, but took the special one as soon as he laid eyes on it -- sending everyone into a bout of laughter.“Just give me any!” said Suga, exasperated. Jungkook was happy when Jimin let him have the top they’d both wanted before.Suga was the first to finish making his top, but he could not make it spin for some reason. V’s face fell when his broke in two, while Jimin boasted about his dazzling top -- only to see it fall apart when he spun it.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/179732.Cho Seung-youn entertained fans by taking on two projects: creating glass decorations as himself and making super-sweet coffee as Cho Woodz, his stage name.“When I finish making the picture and my name, it will be used as a new banner for my (social media) account,” he explained as he starting work on the decorations.He began with his name, carefully outlining the letters, confident about his skills although the staffers predicted that he would probably fail.“I have watched someone on YouTube creating stuff with 3D pens,” said the performer, giving himself some encouragement.“I got the hang of it,” he said soon after he began. He made a lot of progress in 30 minutes.“While we wait for this to dry a little, I will make ‘dalgona’ coffee,” said Cho, taking a shot at making the sugary coffee drink that is trending on social media.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/180353.The bandmates of Victon returned to “Idol Radio,” hosted by special DJ Kang Seung-yoon of Winner, bearing good news.The host congratulated them on coming in first on a music chart program. In response, the six bandmates howled at the top of their lungs.Over the past four months, there have been a number of things to celebrate, said the host, including a successful first stand-alone concert in January.“We were extremely nervous, especially since it was our first, and I frankly don’t remember what went on onstage,” confided Kang Seung-sik.“I tend to worry a lot and really was fretting up until the last minute. But when I was onstage (and saw the fans) I literally felt a thrill course through my body,” recalled Heo Chan.At the DJ’s nudging, Kang Seung-sik also asked everyone to congratulate them on having every track from the album land on the music charts.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/180086.Shuhua and Soojin of (G)I-dle took to V Live after practice.Miyeon and Soyeon joined them on the sofa and said hello to viewers, saying they were making a special appearance before leaving to eat some tteokbokki.“I was wearing a mask while practicing and I could barely breathe,” said Shuhua. She’d cut her bangs the day before, she added, replying to fans’ comments.Soojin confirmed viewers’ suspicion that Shuhua hadn’t washed her hair, telling them she’d noticed when they were practicing. Shuhua pushed her head right under her bandmate’s nose and Soojin squealed in pain, saying the stench was the worst ever.“I really want you (viewers) to smell her head,” she said.When viewers asked them to share tidbits from the day, Shuhua confessed that she was wearing Soojin’s socks, making her bandmate’s jaw drop.“But actually I’m wearing the same socks,” said Soojin, showing her feet.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/180613.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=Luna, a former member of South Korean girl group f(x), is grateful for the support she received from fans after she appeared in Korean television company MBC's Human Documentary: People Are Good, a series featuring people and their stories.

The 26 year-old singer debuted alongside f(x) bandmates Victoria, Amber, Krystal and Sulli in 2009 under SM Entertainment, and left the company after her contract expired last year. She is currently active as a solo singer and a musical actress.

According to K-pop news site Soompi, in the episode, which aired on Tuesday (March 3), Luna opened up about her grieving over the losses of Sulli, 25, who was found dead in her Seoul apartment in October 2019, as well as a close friend, who died shortly after Sulli.

Sulli's death had been linked to depression caused by cyberbullying, and put the spotlight on the need for more stringent measures against cyberbullying.

Luna also spoke about her own mental health, revealing that she suffers from depression and panic disorder.

"(In the past), my condition was really bad - it was really hard," the singer said. "It may not have looked like it, but I had severe panic attacks - I couldn't even get in the car. As soon as I got in, my hands and feet would start shaking. I couldn't talk and it felt like I was going crazy. I was too frightened to get in the car."

She had been anxious about the reactions she would receive by opening up about such sensitive topics and was expecting backlash. Instead, fans showered her with love and support.

"The first thought that came to mind was that I should work even harder," Luna said. "That I should remember that I have fans at my side supporting me, and that I should show them how grateful I am for them.

"Now, I'll truthfully express myself through music. I will become a singer who expresses her heartbreak and her joy - all those different emotions - through my songs," she added.The spread of the coronavirus has been affecting the music industry and has inevitably required the postponement and cancellation of K-Pop-related events worldwide. It’s also forced many into self-isolation. While we’re looking for things to do at home, here’s a quick guide on what K-Pop fans can do to get active and entertained:

Get active! Take on a K-Pop dance challenge if you haven’t tried yet. This year, NCT 127 started off a dance challenge with new track ‘Kick It’ following its release. Zico also initiated a dance craze of his song, ‘Any Song’, which has gotten Victon’s Byungchan, Block B’s U Kwon, Lee Hyori, Girls Day’s Sojin, CLC and a number of other artists to take on the challenge. If that’s ticked off your list, why not create your own?

Listen to K-Pop songs that get you motivated, comforted and relaxed during this tough and stressful time. Create a playlist or alternatively try your hand at some karaoke. Whether you have the best vocals or not, release all that tension and belt out your vocals to some of your favourite K-Pop songs or Korean drama original soundtracks. K-Pop artists have also shared covers of other artists’ songs and their own self-composed ones. You can do the same!

There’s nothing like K-Pop choreography; They’re intricate, fun and, at times, fast-paced, and are accompanied with gestures and visual cues. The best way to learn the dance moves is by either watching focused fan camera videos of a specific member during performances or dance practice videos on their official YouTube channels. So, practice and perfect those dance movements and monitor your facial expressions.

It’s never too late to start learning or even polishing your Korean language skills. At this time, the best option is taking a class online or watching videos with subtitles. Also, if you aren’t familiar with some slang terms like aegyo, jeongmal and daebak, now is your chance.

Aside from K-Pop, Korean dramas are popular across Asia and within the region is no different. Korean dramas ‘Crash Landing On You’ and ‘Kingdom’ are some popular choices among local Netflix viewers and Korean dramas are also airing on television. Choose a drama that you’ve been wanting to watch or that features your favourite K-Pop stars. Grab some popcorn and binge-watch away.

From Monsta X, B.I.G, Exo’s Baekhyun to SMTown artists, BTS and Seventeen, K-Pop artists have documented their activities and whereabouts during their stay in the UAE. Nothing better than watching them explore the dynamic cities.

South Korea’s stars have launched their own personal YouTube accounts. Akdong Musician’s Suhyun, iKON’s Yunhyeong, Apink’s Bomi, Mamamoo’s Solar, VIXX’s Ken and Girl’s Day’s Hyeri are some names who have been keeping fans entertained with their vlogs.

Keep up with who’s gearing up for comebacks. Artists like Oneus, Kang Daniel, Winner, and Ong Seong Wu are scheduled to drop new music this week. Oh My Girl and (G)I-DLE are the latest K-Pop groups to announce comebacks.Since K-pop band BTS' first No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart in 2018, other K-pop boy bands have entered the top five of the albums chart, pushing the horizon for South Korean pop in the global music market.



This week, K-pop boy band NCT 127's new album, "NCT #127 Neo-Zone," debuted at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 chart dated March 21, becoming the fourth K-pop band to score a top-five hit on the albums chart. 



Also this week, BTS' latest album, "Map of the Soul: 7," ranked 8th on the Billboard 200 after landing atop the chart two weeks earlier. Another BTS album, "Love Yourself: Answer," entered the chart at 164th. 



It's a rare moment for two K-pop albums to hit the top 10 on the competitive Billboard 200 chart simultaneously.



The past year has been the highest-charting year for K-pop on Billboard as several boy bands have joined BTS in bringing K-pop to the US and the broader global music market.



In October last year, boy band SuperM became the second K-pop band to top the Billboard 200 with its debut album, "SuperM: The 1st Mini Album," led by lead track "Jopping."



Last month, another K-pop boy band, Monsta X, also made it to fifth on the Billboard 200 with its first English-language album, "All About Luv."



The latest feat by NCT 127 makes the band the fourth K-pop band to achieve a top five hit on the Billboard 200, adding to the growing presence of K-pop on Billboard's charts. 



"Map of the Soul: 7" is BTS' fourth album atop the Billboard 200 and makes the septet the quickest to have four Billboard 200 No. 1s since the Beatles. 



For this week, BTS and NCT 127 also made it to the top five on the Billboard Artist 100 chart, while the former reigned over the Social 50 chart for the 170th week. 



Pop critic Lim Jin-mo said the recent feats signal that K-pop artists besides BTS are now getting opportunities in the US market although it's too early to call it mainstream success.



"Following BTS' surefire success in the US, other K-pop artists are joining forces to knock on and enter into the American music market and finding opportunities," he said. (Yonhap)Joohoney is preparing to return to MONSTA X three months after he stepped away from the group.

The K-pop star went on hiatus in January as he had been suffering from ‘anxiety symptoms’.

The remaining members – Shownu, Minhyuk, Kihyun, Hyungwon and I.M. – promoted as a five for the release of their first ever English-language album All About Luv in February this year.

Now their agency Starship Entertainment has confirmed that the rapper is ready to return as MONSTA X gears up for another comeback.

In a statement to South Korean media, the company said: ‘Joohoney is resuming activities. MONSTA X has begun preparations to make a comeback aimed for the first half of the year.’

Starship previously explained that his return to MONSTA X ‘will be based on his recovery status and professional opinion, which will also be conducted through careful consultation with Joohoney and the members.’

The Follow singers have been promoting as six members since Wonho left the boy group in 2019 amid drug allegations.

However he has since been cleared of all charges.

Explaining his decision to quit, he told Dispatch: ‘I’d hate to see MONSTA X collapse just because of me, so I thought I should leave the group as soon as possible so that they can continue their activities. I’d like to prevent the damage to them as much as I could.

‘I can confidently say that I have completely changed after meeting Monbebe (MONSTA X’s fans). I understood what it is like to be loved, and it made me want to live a good life every day.’

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Jodie Comer, Eddie Redmayne, Emilia Clarke: 50 of the biggest stars to have been in Doctors

MORE : BTS, Billie Eilish and YungBlud ‘could make millions’ from home concertsHow Western Pop Acts Can Use K-Pop’s Marketing Playbook

U.S. labels are employing K-pop marketing strategies for their own acts, though KISS, Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber were using similar tactics to sell records before the genre blew up

Why Don’t We, a Los Angeles boy band composed of five white kids, had never had a Billboard Hot 100 hit when it began touring seven Asian cities in August 2018.

The band had a new album to promote, 8 Letters, so its label, Warner Music, decided to break out the K-pop playbook. Warner set up chatrooms, flooded Instagram and Twitter, and put fan bases in different countries in touch with one another. “You’ll have a kid in Taiwan communicating with a kid in Singapore: ‘Did you see what Jonah [Marais] was wearing?’” says Randy Phillips, the group’s manager and a veteran U.S. concert promoter.

“We just looked at the BTS ARMY [global fan club] and how that was created, and we just took a page out of their book.”

The nearly seven-year-old ARMY fan base has helped propel BTS to megastardom since it formed a a month after the band released its debut EP, 2 Cool 4 Skool. All pop stars have massive fanbases, including Why Don’t We’s Limelights, but what the ARMY was doing set new standards for loyalty and effectiveness with regards to social media, ticket sales, streaming and even CD sales.

Warner and Phillips’ strategy worked. The resulting Asian social media buzz, stoked by digital marketing firm Crowd Surf and David Loeffler, Phillips’ partner and a marketing specialist, led to moments like throngs of Singapore fans cheering behind metal barricades. “We contacted all those guys and wanted to bring them together: ‘They just released a new song — let’s make sure it gets streamed!’” says Shin Cho, Warner’s head of K-pop. “We worked with them to create this big noise and hype.”

After the tour, 8 Letters hit No. 8 on the Billboard 200. The title track has since racked up 168 million streams on Spotify.

K-pop marketing is wildly efficient, and western artists, even if they don’t admit it, have borrowed from the most popular bands’ techniques, particularly when they are looking to win fans in Asian markets. The genre generated 6.1 billion tweets last year, up 15% from 2018, according to Twitter, and top K-pop acts can generate close to 1 billion streams for a single. “It’s very hard for us to compete financially to gain an audience like that,” says Phillips, “but that doesn’t mean we can’t take a page out of their book and tie our fan bases together.”

In some cases, it’s not clear who is copying whom. BTS is known for putting out multiple physical versions of a CD, each with unique artwork. Taylor Swift did the same for last year’s smash Lover — her Target exclusives contained unique journal entries, photos and handwritten lyrics. But she had done a similar thing for an earlier release, 1989, when she included different packs of Polaroid-like photos in each release. And while one of Warner’s K-pop groups, AB6IX, is planning to release an album with three different physical versions, a 30-page photo book and a set of 15 stickers, it’s actually a classic box-set strategy. For example, The Beatles’ 2017 reissue of Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band came with a 144-page photo book and a DVD, and KISS has done similar packaging for multiple releases.

“You’d find plenty of examples from the *NSYNC-Backstreet Boys-Britney Spears era, where you have a young audience and a pop star catering to it,” says John Fleckenstein, co-president of RCA Records. “The second someone does something that looks like it’s working, with regards to reaching their audience, it becomes a path for others.”

Still, K-pop marketing has been so successful that the music industry can’t help but pay attention. Tom Corson, co-chairman/COO for Warner Records, who has traveled to South Korea to “scout opportunities and learn about the business,” says the top K-pop acts have borrowed ideas from marketing masters like KISS and Justin Bieber and supercharged them. The potential for cross-pollination is also more likely. For instance, Bieber’s manager, Scooter Braun, also manages PSY, one of K-pop’s first crossover stars.

K-pop creates “a defined mythology and narrative around these artists, and they’re able to trade and exploit that and build a very powerful fan base,” says Corson. “The depth and the engagement is crazy. They put their fans first, and that’s something we all have to remember.”For the K-Pop Industry, Merch Is As Important As the Music

From light sticks to fish sticks, a wide array of branded goods has fans shelling out the equivalent of hundreds, even thousands of dollars a year in support of their favorite acts. But how much is too much?

On a chilly night in New York last November, thousands of flashing multicolored lights lit up Madison Square Garden in sync with the songs of K-pop group SuperM. As fans danced in the stands, they waved the light sticks overhead, which pulsed in time with the bass and shimmered with softer melodies, controlled via Bluetooth and one of the band’s engineers. Sales of the $60 magenta-hued lights bearing the band’s logo were brisk at the venue, but they weren’t the only ones on display. SuperM is a hybrid K-pop act featuring members of four different boy bands — EXO, SHINee, NCT 127 and WayV — and many in the audience jammed along to the show with Bluetooth-enabled light sticks that represented those respective groups as well. Some held two or more.

Also known as bongs, the Korean word for "stick," these devices have become an integral part of the genre’s concert-going experience. The innovative equivalent of a cellphone flashlight (and before that, the old-school cigarette lighter), they are one example of a wide array of fan-oriented goods marketed by the South Korean music industry, which is based as much around consumerism as sonic artistry.

“K-pop merch is so dramatic,” says Ahomari T., a 28-year-old SHINee fan from South Carolina. “You buy an album and it’s almost like a gift bag.”

And albums are just the gateway to a massive market for branded tie-ins that, in addition to fanlights and the more conventional concert T-shirts and posters, includes tea, beer, soju, chocolates, stuffed animals, smartphones, shoes, fidget spinners, neck pillows, moisturizing face masks and even food items. For instance, pop duo TVXQ! and boy band SHINee each endorse a brand of fish sticks.

Fans purchase the products to show their loyalty and, in the process, feed a multibillion-dollar industry, but for K-pop enthusiasts with limited incomes, the cost of keeping current with the latest in fan gear can be exorbitant.



 The corporate powers behind K-pop’s artists and merchandise strategies are largely tight-lipped about their operations, but industry sources say that album and merch sales can create a virtual cycle, bringing in more advertising opportunities or sponsorships for a group, which boosts its popularity and leads to additional events and concerts for fans.

“I guess it’s like which came first, the chicken or the egg?” says Chris Lee, the CEO of SM Entertainment, which manages a roster that includes SuperM, EXO, Red Velvet and NCT 127. “Is it merchandising, or is it a way to sell the music?”

The size and success of the K-pop merch market is inextricably linked to the strength of physical music sales — CDs and vinyl albums — in South Korea at a time when streaming has become the dominant platform for music consumption globally. Now the sixth-largest music market in the world, with 3.1% of global sales, South Korea saw a 29% jump in revenue from physical sales in 2018 — more than any other market — even as the world’s overall physical revenue declined by 10%, according to the global music industry organization IFPI. According to David Price, director of insights at IFPI, “Our impression from talking to people [in Korea] is that it is a natural increase in demand for physical product. People want to buy the CDs for the ability to have that CD and to listen to the music."

Overall, South Korean music sales, which are dominated by K-pop, reached almost $5.5 billion in 2018, or 6.49 trillion in South Korean won, up 11.9% from a year earlier, according to the Korea Creative Content Agency.

As K-pop’s global audience grows in size and maturity, with acts’ careers and popularity lasting longer than ever, the market for K-pop merch has grown and evolved with it. Trademark applications in Korea filed by all of the major labels have climbed 71% since 2015, cumulatively reaching 656 last year, according to the Korea Intellectual Property Office (KIPO). SM Entertainment has accounted for 48% of the 4,794 trademark applications filed over the past 20 years.

KIPO's data notes that K-pop companies’ trademark applications, which once focused largely on music- and entertainment-related ventures, have diversified to include cosmetics, clothing, accessories, stationery and food products.

Not all of the merch produced by these companies bears an obvious connection to a K-pop act or band member. SM’s Lee says fans like goods that feature subtle, insidery references to their favorite stars and groups, recognizable only to other true believers.

“It’s like sharing secrets,” says the executive.

For instance, SM Entertainment has collaborated with Pantone, the color-matching company, on a line of blankets, luggage tags and other home goods in which the connection to an act is made solely through color: gray for EXO, peach for Red Velvet and lime green for NCT 127.

Big Hit Entertainment, the company behind BTS, has collaborated with Line Friends, which first produced stickers for mobile-phone texting, to manufacture the BT21 line of merch based on cartoon-style characters created by the boy band. The characters bear no resemblance to BTS members, but fans know the correlation. For instance, J-Hope’s character is a dancing pony-masked creature named Mang, and a gray-and-white robot named Van represents the BTS fan base known as the ARMY, an acronym for “Adorable Representative MC for Youth.” The characters adorn everything from T-shirts to bathmats, and when a plush Cooky doll (a rabbit designed by BTS member Jungkook) was found abandoned after one of the Hong Kong political protests in August 2019, it became an image associated with the rebellion.

These merchandising efforts have added significantly to the bottom lines of the trio of publicly listed K-pop companies known as the “Big Three” — SM Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and YG Entertainment. Approximately 25% of SM’s 2018 revenue of $516 million (612.2 billion won) came from sources reported as “other” that include merch, fan-paying clubs, travel, food and beverage, and subscription services. That same year, YG’s “goods and other products” category accounted for 14% of total revenue of $241 million (285.8 billion won), according to its 2018 investor relations report, while JYP’s merch sales comprised 10% to 15% of overall revenue of $105 million (124.8 billion won), according to a company representative.

The potential for even more growth comes as the typically insular companies that create, develop and manage K-pop acts look for partnerships outside of South Korea. In November 2019, SM Entertainment struck a deal with the U.S. talent agency Creative Artists Agency that is expected to generate film, TV and branding opportunities stateside and internationally.

At the same time, the constant output of K-pop merch risks alienating fans by excluding them when their pockets are not deep enough.

In the early 2010s, it became the norm for K-pop groups to release multiple versions of an album — each of which features different exclusive photos of the acts. SuperM’s The 1st Mini Album EP arrived last October with seven variants — each featuring a single member of the group — in addition to the standard cover which blended the individual cover variants. Other major artists, notably Taylor Swift, have employed a similar multiple-version strategy, but the practice is far less common in the traditional, U.S.-driven pop world.

“When you usually buy a CD, it’s assumed you’re buying a plastic disc that happens to have a booklet,” says Bernie Cho, who heads DFSB Kollective, a Korean music export agency. “In Korea, with a lot of the big releases it’s almost the other way around: You are buying an elaborate book that just happens to have a CD.”

Variant album covers don’t just cater to fans’ individual loyalties — they can also boost sales and chart position. SuperM’s EP debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, and of the 290,000 copies (physical and digital) that it has sold as of Feb. 4, 102,000 of those CDs were variants, according to Nielsen Music/MRC data (see chart).

There are more exorbitant forms of K-pop fandom. To gain entry to many autograph signings and fan club-only events in South Korea, fans buy hundreds, sometimes thousands, of albums priced at $15 to $20 apiece. Each album comes with a lottery number that, if chosen, gives the fan access to the event. The more albums purchased, the greater one’s chances of getting past the velvet rope.

 Seoul resident Stacy Kim, a fan of the short-lived K-pop group Wanna One, which disbanded after 18 months, says she spent thousands of dollars on merch to support the band, but gave up when it came to seeking a golden ticket to one of the group’s fan meetings. “I was already spending so much money on other stuff, I couldn’t afford to spend thousands of dollars on albums,” she says.

Kang Yuri, a 17-year-old EXO fan, who lives in the city of Ansan outside Seoul, says fans who want to join the audiences of weekly TV programs that feature K-pop stars are often required to show up with specific pieces of merch — as many as eight, including CDs and light sticks — in order to gain entry, even if they have purchased tickets to the show. “[The bands] upload on the official fan café [portal site] what items you need to bring if you want to get in,” she says. “No items, no entry.”

The additional price of admittance is considered a way of identifying hardcore fans, or at least hardcore fans who can afford to buy all of the requisite merch. It also makes for good TV when the audience shots reveal a band’s fans waving light sticks and other swag for the cameras.

And yet it is this type of treatment — along with the poor quality of some of the merch that is marketed — that has some fans grousing that marketers of K-pop see them as human ATM machines without financial limitations, even though many of them are tweens and teens.

“Companies are out to make as much money as possible by any means necessary in the shortest amount of time,” says 32-year-old Virginia-based K-pop fan Jessica C., a follower of the K-pop singer IU, who asked for her last name to be withheld to protect her privacy. “If that means throwing a collectible photo-card inside of a wallet that costs $1 to make and marking it up to $15, they will put it out on the market because they know there are fans that will purchase it.”K-pop star Chungha was put in self-quarantine after returning from Milan Fashion Week last month. Photo: Handout"Map of the Soul: 7," the new album by boy band BTS, sold more than 4.11 million copies in the first nine days of its release last month, becoming the most sold album in the Korean pop history, its management agency said Thursday.It took nine days for the new album to shatter the previous highest album sales record of nearly 3.4 million set by BTS' own album, "Map of the Soul: Persona," released in April last year.The total sales of "7" in the first nine days reached 4,114,843 copies, according to Big Hit Entertainment.The new sales figure also replaces the most monthly and most annual sales records at 3.23 million and 3.72 million, respectively, set by "Persona," marking a career high for the band in album sales, Big Hit said.The album "7" topped the Billboard 200 albums chart last week, winning the band its fourth No. 1 on the albums chart.Also Thursday, K-pop-oriented Korean cable channel Mnet unveiled an interview video of BTS on YouTube, marking the 25th anniversary of the music channel. (Yonhap)K-pop stars N.Flying led the charge as artists arrived for filming on the variety show Immortal Songs.

Suyeon from girl group Weki Meki, Song Ga-in and the boy group N.Flying were all spotted at the KBS Open Hall to start shooting on another episode.

The Rooftop singers were all smiles as they arrived, wearing casual jumpers and jeans.

Meanwhile Suyeon, dressed in a woolly blue and white jacket, waved to the waiting cameras when she walked past.

The South Korean musical variety show sees musicians perform reworked versions of their favourite songs.

N.Flying member Yoo Hwe Seung stood out in Saturday’s episode, which was a special instalment dedicated to child stars.

He took part in a duet with young entertainer Asia Lee Campbell on a version of Adele hit Someone Like You.

Previous Immortal Songs guests have included The Rose, Golden Child, The Boyz and Stray Kids.

In the same episode VERIVERY teamed up with child dance prodigy and YouTube star Na Ha Eun.

Together they covered the group’s song Tag Tag Tag, and BTS classic Fire.

On the show, Na Ha Eun she chose it because ‘it’s a powerful song with a fast rhythm that gets faster as it goes on, so it’s difficult. But I really enjoyed it.’

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : This Country could return for Christmas special as we say goodbye to Kerry and Kurtan on tonight’s series finale

MORE : Linda Lusardi ‘taken to death’s door’ amid coronavirus battle as husband tests positiveYou need to enable JavaScript to run this app.Today, 50-year-old Korean-American singer Yang Joon-il is enjoying an unlikely comeback, re-discovered by the YouTube and social media generation through online clips and hailed as a forerunner to today’s K-pop stars.

The K-pop industry is now estimated to generate $5 billion a year, and many of its male stars are celebrated at home and abroad for their gender fluidity. Yang — who was once shunned for exactly that — is often compared to current idol G-Dragon, lead of the hugely popular band Big Bang.

Standing in front of a 2,000-strong crowd at an appearance in Seoul, the middle-aged singer felt speechless as they cheered. He had never experienced such mass adoration.

“There are no words to describe what that moment was like. I felt like I could not breathe,” Yang said.

He is “extremely surprised” by his newfound popularity, he added. “I’d like to ask them, ‘Why do you like me?'”

It is a marked contrast from his early music career.

In the early 1990s, the South was emerging from decades of military rule, but a nascent cultural renaissance had yet to influence social values, and neither his appearance nor performance style conformed to South Korean norms of the time.

Nationalist sentiment was widespread, and his culture-crossing background — he was born in Vietnam to South Korean parents who later emigrated to the U.S. — was unwelcome.

He was once banned from radio shows for speaking English on the air, and a civil servant told him, “People like you take away jobs from us Koreans.”

Yang made a few appearances on South Korea’s top pop television shows — displaying moves that would not be out of place in a K-pop video today — but struggled to find mainstream appeal because many South Koreans found his approach too “effeminate” and “foreign.”

“I just felt that Korea and I were incompatible,” Yang said. “The audience felt very distant, so whenever I performed I just avoided looking at them.”

Once, he recalled, an audience member faked a handshake to pull him violently down to the ground from the stage, telling him, “You need a beating.”

Fans remember being ridiculed for supporting him.

“At karaoke bars, people would just turn off the machine when his music played,” said Yi Duk-jin. “People said he was too weird, too strange. He spoke English, wore earrings and had long hair despite being a man.”

Yang quickly faded into obscurity, working as an English teacher until he moved to the U.S. in 2015.

He struggled to make ends meet with a wife and toddler son to support, and confesses to feeling suicidal until he secured a job as waiter in Florida, working 14 hours a day.

Keung Yoon-bae, who researches film and media at Harvard, said Yang first emerged at a time when “an explosion of Korean pop had to coexist with a still-conservative social climate.”

Within a few years of Yang’s brief moment in the spotlight, emerging stars — including Seo Taeji and Boys, a band considered as innovators who marked the start of modern K-pop — were laying the ground for its expansion to global popularity, now epitomized by the septet BTS.

“I didn’t really think I was ahead of my time,” Yang insisted.

University of California, Berkeley sociology professor John Lie calls him a “pioneering public figure of nonmacho, almost gender-bending presentation of self.”

Yang’s big break came three decades after he first began performing.

In 2018, South Korean television stations started streaming long-archived pop TV shows on YouTube, and millennials — many not even born when he made his debut — discovered him.

Word spread until it was picked up by mainstream media, and in December he made his comeback television appearance, pulling off his signature New Jack Swing-inspired dance steps.

The singer’s rise to fame comes at a time when intergenerational conflict is mounting in South Korea. Citizens now in their 50s and 60s worked for and benefited from rapid economic growth and value endurance and conformity, but many South Koreans in their 20s and 30s refer to themselves as members of the sampo, or “three sacrifice,” generation — forced to give up marriage, relationships and children in the face of intense job competition and expensive housing in the country’s cutthroat economy.

“Before discovering Yang, I’d never met anyone in their 50s who made me think, ‘Wow, that person is cool, that’s how I want to be like 20 or 30 years from now,” said Lee Young-jun, a 35-year-old YouTuber who creates fan content about Yang. “But Yang is different.”

Tamar Herman, a K-pop correspondent for Billboard, said fans are looking “nostalgically at the past.”

Bringing “hidden gems” like him to light, she added, “gives audiences a sense that they can change the past at a time when changing the present is hard.”TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — The mother of Chou Tzu-yu (周子瑜), the Taiwanese member of K-pop girl group Twice, on Sunday (March. 8) confirmed that her daughter is undergoing a two-week quarantine in her hometown after making a low-profile return from South Korea earlier this month.

Liberty Times cited Chou's mother, Huang Yen-ling (黃燕玲), as saying that the idol had returned to Taiwan on March 3 and taken up residence in her home in the southern city of Tainan to undergo the 14-day quarantine. Chou has reportedly returned because the group's performances have been canceled due to the massive outbreak of Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) in South Korea, where over 7,000 have been infected and 50 have died.

Huang said that if officials determine that Chou is in good health, she should be able to end her self-quarantine on March 18. She said that Chou's return to South Korea will depend on when the situation in the country stabilizes and the government deems it appropriate for the group to resume its activities.

Chou's mother said that since entering quarantine, the K-pop star has been quite bored but knows that she must follow government regulations. Huang said that Chou, who is widely known by her stage name Tzuyu, has been passing the time by watching movies and sports and doing moderate exercise and that she is enjoying this "rare vacation," reported UDN.

Chou has donated 50 million won (US$41,000) to a South Korean charity to assist in epidemic prevention, drawing sharp criticism from Chinese netizens. However, she later announced that she had donated 300,000 yuan (US$43,000) to a Chinese charity, drawing an outpouring of support from Chinese netizens.

Chou has yet to announce any donations to the epidemic prevention efforts in her home country of Taiwan. However, it is worth noting that Taiwan has only 45 confirmed cases of the disease, compared to 80,735 in China and 7,382 in South Korea.These loved-up power couples from the worlds of K-drama and K-pop will make you believe in love againAmid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, concerts and music festivals worldwide have been canceled or postponed, including BTS’ world tour in Seoul and North America and the Coachella festival, at which Big Bang plans to make a comeback after a two-year hiatus.But many K-pop artists and labels have made the best out of the situation by utilizing what they know best -- social media and online platforms.Idol groups including GFriend, Loona and Pentagon have celebrated their comeback with fans by opening up their live showcase to the public via Naver’s V Live. Big Hit Entertainment revealed its annual revenue by hosting a corporate briefing “with the community” on YouTube.Here is our ongoing list of live K-pop streams that you can watch from your home.-- Ten-member boy band Too streams their live show "TOO DAY," where they showcase their talents and share behind-the-scenes stories of their debut album, on V Live at 8 p.m. KST.-- Ten-member boy band Too releases their debut album at 12 p.m. and hosts an online meetup with fans on V Live at 7 p.m. KST.-- Rookie boy band OnlyOneOf gives a live performance of their song “blOssOm,” a track from their first mini album “dot point jump,” for the first time on TikTok at 7 p.m. KST.-- EXO’s Suho releases his first solo album “Self-Portrait” and hosts an online meetup on V Live at 8 p.m. KST.Boy group Winner hosts a 90-minute-comeback show on V Live at 9 p.m. KST, giving us a sneak preview of their third full album “Remember” to be released on April 9.By Kwon Yae-rim (kyr@heraldcorp.com)The K-pop band was scheduled to stage four concerts in Seoul, South Korea in April as part of their Map of the Soul tourKorean celebrities and idols have been quick to aid the fight against the coronavirus with a host of generous donations, none more so than in the most badly-affected city, DaeguThe four members of prolific group BigBang have renewed their contracts with YG Entertainment.

On March 11, their long-time agency confirmed the news on its website with a post that stated “Happy to continue this journey with BigBang” with a picture of T.O.P, G-Dragon, Taeyang and Daesung.

“YG will provide exhaustive support for BigBang so that the band can continue to write new K-Pop history in the world music scene as artists representing YG,” the agency said, according to Yonhap News Agency.

The contract renewal marks the boy band’s third time signing with the Korean label, after renewing in 2011 and 2015, and a first as a quartet since ex-member Seungri retired from the music industry amid a series of criminal allegations surrounding him last year. The announcement also comes after he enlisted in the country’s mandatory military service on March 9.

Adding to this, the group’s future came under speculation as the other members faced legal and personal issues of their own, especially after T.O.P made a comment on social media of his withdrawal from the entertainment business.

BigBang last performed on stage as a quintet in 2017 prior to enlisting in the military.

The quartet surprised fans of their inclusion in the line-up of performers along with Epik High in the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, which is now postponed due to coronavirus concerns. Despite not making a live comeback on stage, the performers are reportedly planning to drop new music this year.

Veteran A-list acts renewing contracts as a group with the same agency is a rarity in the K-Pop scene, especially for the BigBang members who’ve been with YG Entertainment for almost 20 years, which includes their trainee years. The group made their official debut as a quintet in 2006.We all know how competitive and hard the K-pop industry is—it entails years of training and a hell lof of blood, sweat, and tears—and having good chingus with you makes everything else easier to overcome. Most of these friendships are not just formed within a specific group: some are founded in the same company, have the same birth year, and are from fellow K-pop groups.

No matter the distance or busy schedule, these K-pop idols are always there to support their friends throughout all seasons. They attend concerts and shows, find time to hang out, and show to the world how much they value each other. Here, we list down 10 of our favorite K-pop friendships that prove ~forever~ exists:

SM Entertainment's premier dance prodigies have gone a long way back. When they were still trainees who were hopeful of gracing the stage one day, Kai and Taemin were already the best of friends. And now, they're sharing the same stage as SuperM, much like how they share the same passion in dancing.

Having a BFF to share your best moments with is the best. Aside from sharing her dinner date with her bestie on her YouTube vlog, Hyeri celebrated Rose's birthday in February, complete with balloons that spell out their initials—CY for Chae Young (Rose's real name) and HY for Hyeri. So sweet!

Jackson and RM's friendship is an example that opposites do attract. Between the two, Jackson is the jokester while RM (whom Jackson calls by his real name Namjoon) is more calm and collected, and yet they were able to vibe. During an interview, the former mentioned how the latter would give him sound advice despite his hectic schedule, and just seems to ~make things feel right~.

Queens supporting queens! The two visuals of two leading K-pop girl groups swapped their "Solo" and "RBB" dance steps during their Music Core performance back in 2018. The year after, they were spotted dining out in LA (with Irene taking a photo of Jennie) and what seems to be having a "fight" over the bill. Can we say, goals?

No, your eyes are not failing you. These two K-idols really look alike! Sungwoon and Jimin's friendship goes beyond being a replica of each other—they travel the world together and support each other both on and off stage. Remember when Sungwoon was part of Produce 101? Jimin asked everyone to vote for him via BTS' Twitter account. BRB, crying.

Here's a childhood friendship story that will touch you: Bambam and Lisa belonged to a dance group in Thailand back in the day, and now they are performing not just in Asia but also around the world! They reunited last year and went back to their roots when they attended the 30th-anniversary event of a Thai mobile company they're both endorsing.

Visuals, visuals, visuals! A friendship built on being born in the year 1997, SEVENTEEN's Minghao, Mingyu, and DK, GOT7's Yugyeom and Bambam, BTS' Jungkook, NCT's Jaehyun, and Astro's Cha Eun Woo are the kind of squad that will melt your heart. They go out of their schedule to catch up over meals, encourage group comebacks and have a ~famous~ group chat where they send updates to each other.

Our English-speaking K-idols sure love to have fun and make fun of each other at that! In November 2019, Amber uploaded a video on her YouTube channel where her friends, including Ailee and Eric Nam, playfully reacted on her "Other People" MV, where she had a ~steamy~ kissing scene with her co-star, Michael Bow. We can't help but laugh with their reactions because, TBH, same!

With his wit, charm, and loyalty, it's no wonder Heechul is friends with almost everyone in the industry, but his endearing connection with Hani—that's filled with goofing around and being there for each other during the toughest times—is certainly one-of-a-kind. Just look at this hilarious video:

Somi and Daehwi seem to do things together all the time. They were close friends since middle school, trained together in JYP Entertainment (but have eventually parted ways), and also debuted in project groups for Produce 101. Last year, they even both modeled for Fanta. Total #FriendshipGoals!NCT 127 has taken K-pop to places it’s never before been.

It was the first Korean act to perform at the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York. And the first K-pop group to perform at the MTV Europe Music Awards.

They’ll celebrate another first Tuesday in Houston — the first K-pop performer on the rotating rodeo stage. It’s a key part of RodeoHouston’s most diverse season yet, which also includes Lizzo, Chance the Rapper, Khalid and Becky G.

The show comes just four days the release of “Neo Zone,” a new NCT 127 album that leans heavily into hip-hop and trap. The group’s 2018 debut album, “Regular-Irregular,” peaked at No. 1 on iTunes in 22 countries.

NCT 127 is a sub-unit of the group NCT. The name combines the phrase “Neo Culture Technology” with the longitudinal coordinate for Seoul. The group took turns answering questions about the upcoming RodeoHouston show and new album.

Q: I interviewed you last year, and Johnny said, ‘Howdy y’all,’ barbecue, cowboys and cowboy hats were the first things that came to mind when he thought of Texas. Now you’re playing Rodeo!

Doyoung: It was so cool to find out that we were performing there, and I was blown away again when I heard about the size of the event and all the people who’ll be gathered there. There is some extent of worry about performing at such a huge event and venue, but we’ve been preparing really hard for it.

Johnny: When I first heard we were going to be performing at the Rodeo I got very excited. I knew Rodeo was a very large-scale festival, but after looking into it more carefully, it was a lot larger than I expected. I can’t wait to perform, and I hope everyone attending enjoys and has a great time with us as well.

Q: What are you expecting from your first rodeo experience?

Jaehyun: I’ve never been to a rodeo, but I’ve seen it in the movies. I can’t wait to go there myself and experience that energy in person. Hopefully there will be a rodeo bull machine around somewhere that I can ride on.

Q: The Houston rodeo is famous for its deep-fried desserts: Pop Tarts, Snickers candy bars, cheesecake, ice cream and more. What’s your favorite junk food?

Mark: I would definitely like to try some. I would personally like to see what the Pop Tarts are like. My favorite junk food would probably be ice cream. You can never go wrong with ice cream.

Haechan: My favorite junk food is Ho-ddeock. Ho-ddeock is a Korean sweet dessert — a popular street food — that’s usually best during the winter

Q: What do you remember about your last visit to Houston in 2019?

Taeil: When we were on our U.S. tour last year, every member had their own city they were supposed to be “in charge” of. Houston happened to be mine, so it’s pretty memorable for me. I remember visiting the Houston Zoo and the Houston Museum of Natural Science. There was a space exhibit, and I got to see a huge model of the moon on display.

Haechan: When we were in Houston for our Neo City: The Origin tour, I also remember that it was Taeil’s city — and the fact that the fans’ energy was off the charts at the show.

Q: Your new album was just released. What did you want to do different this time?

Doyoung: This album has a very distinct concept, but even within it, there’s quite a variety and diversity that we display as artists, so I hope that we get to showcase all those different charms.

Taeyong: You’ll see a new type of performance from NCT 127, and you’ll also see a distinct color and style that’s characteristic of our group. I want this album to display another new side of our group.

Q: Is there a song on the new album that’s particularly special to you?

Mark: I am going to go for our song “Kick It.” I not only love the song but entire album as well, more than any of the other previous albums we had released. The song “White Night” is very different from the rest of the album.

Taeil: “White Night” is a lot more sentimental than the songs we usually do. And it highlights our vocals a lot more to the listeners.

Jaehyun: I remember paying a lot of attention to this particular song when we were recording for the album. Because of the style of the track, every little emotion or breath can be detected within our vocals. And because I sang the first verse, I made sure to pay attention to every little detail when singing.

Q: You’ve collaborated with Jason Derulo and Ava Max. What artists would you love to work with in the future?

Jungwoo: If we ever had the chance, I’d love to collaborate with Justin Bieber. All of us have enjoyed Justin Bieber’s music for a while now. I really think we could make something new and fresh together. He’s a great artist overall, and I’m always cheering for him.K-pop sensations like BTS, Blackpink and Red Velvet have taken over the global music scene. BTS’ new album Map of the Soul:7 has now produced more Hot 100-charting hits than any Korean-language release which is a really impressive achievement. Red Velvet’s latest release ‘Psycho’ was sure a bop that ruled Korean music charts and received a lot of international support.

Blackpink’s performance at Coachella was well loved by the American audience. As K-pop is taking over the world, I am enlisting certain K-pop idol groups that can become the next big hit.

ITZY was formed by JYP Entertainment and consists of members Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong and Yuna. The group debuted with their single “Dalla Dalla” which was a commercial hit. They are the fastest group to get music show wins. In just nine days, they were able to win the M! Countdown trophy. They are also the girl group with the most music show wins for their debut song.

ITZY released their new song “Wannabe” and their album titled “IT’Z ME” on March 9th. Their album has become part of Ktown 4U’s 100th best -selling album as of March 8th. “Wannabe” was really loved by Midzys (official fandom name for ITZY) and is doing great on streaming platforms like Spotify. Their songs empower youth to love themselves and realise that they are different and unique in their own way.

Tomorrow X Together, also called as txt, is a five-member group created by Big Hit entertainment, the label behind the creation of global sensation BTS as well. They debuted on March 4, 2019 with the EP ‘Dream Chapter: Star’. Their debut album peaked at Number 1 on the Goan Album Chart and Billboard World Albums Chart.

They won a lot of New Artists Awards due to their initial commercial success. Huge album sales are a testimony to their growing domestic and international fandom. Their positive and refreshing style definitely attracts a lot of people and might help them to become global superstars in future.

Read More: BTS’ Music Again Ensures ARMYs To Appreciate The Dynamics Of Human Life: #InnerChildChallenge

Everglow is under Yuehua Entertainment and consists of six members: E:U, Sihyeon, Mia, Onda , Aisha and Yiren. They debuted on March 18, 2019 with single album Arrival of Everglow. Their song “Adidos” debuted at No. 2 on World Digital Songs Chart.

It sold 1000 copies in the week ending Aug. 22, according to Nielson Music. They returned to music game with the equally powerful “Dun Dun” with a girl crush vibe. People love their unique fashion sense and their music videos are top-tier as well.

It is a five-member group formed by Brand New Music in 2019, consisting of Lim Young-min, Jeon Woong, Kim Dong-hyun, Park Woo-jin, and Lee Dae-hwi . They won the Rookie of the Year award by Asia Artists Award and also the Hot Trend award by Melon Music Awards. They won the Next Generation Star Award at Genie Music awards. Their dynamic songs and difficult to learn choreography imparts them popularity.

This South Korean-Japanese girl group was formed through the Mnet reality show Produce 48. They debuted on October 29, 2018 with their EP “Color*Iz”. The girl group received immediate commercial success and won numerous New Artist Awards at several award shows like Goan Music Charts Awards and Golden Disc Awards.

IZ*ONE made a vibrant comeback with their song “Fiesta” which charted very well. Within 10 hours of release, the music video for IZ*ONE’S Fiesta racked up over 4 million views on YouTube which is quite an impressive performance by a rookie idol group. Young ladies of IZ*ONE are not only insanely gorgeous but are immensely talented as well. They radiate beauty and elegance through their music videos.

These groups can be labelled as “monster rookies” due to their early success in streaming charts and physical album sales. Their huge overseas popularity is just a cherry on the top. Various endorsement deals they have is hammering their popularity among the Korean general public. They have the potential to be the next big thing in the music industry due to their fine singing and dancing skills and amazing stage presence and visuals.BTS, the K Pop Korean boy band, gamed the charts once again.

Their sales for this past week fell 96% from their debut week for the album “Map of My Soul: 7.”

According to Buzz Angle, album sales went from 157,800 to 5,500. All in, including streaming, the total for the first week was 218,014. The second, sales dropped to 29,200. That’s an 86% drop.

Every new BTS album that’s released immediately swamps iTunes in real time, taking over every chart position from 1 to 20. The album goes to number 1. There’s a press frenzy. Then later it turns it the whole thing was rigged. And it happened again.

This may be why The Orchard, a tiny record label, is listed as having a higher share of the music market than Epic or Warner Bros. records. Something is rotten in that Orchard.

You never ever hear BTS’s music on top 40 radio either. They have no song that’s gotten into the culture. Are they the new Beatles? That’s a laugh.

So whatever the con is, the kids know. They’re not buying BTS. And I’m not buying their numbers. They’re pulling a “Parasite” on us.TZUYU, a member of the wildly popular K-pop group Twice, drew flak from Chinese mainlanders when she donated 50 million won (RM175,590) to a community chest in South Korea to help fight Covid-19.



Critics were unhappy that Tzuyu, 21, had not donated to China where the outbreak was far worse than other countries, Oriental Daily reported.



However, other netizens defended Tzuyu, who was born in Taiwan.



According to them, Tzuyu lives and works in South Korea, so it was only right for her to make such donations.



Tzuyu’s agency JYP Entertainment explained that the donation was meant to help frontline medical staff.



> Twenty-two villagers in Huanggang, China’s Hubei province, mistakenly consumed an antiseptic disinfectant liquid as they had assumed it was a medicine to fight Covid-19, China Press reported.



The liquid was intended to be used to sterilise one’s surroundings.



According to a nurse who treated the patients, the villagers were told to consume the liquid by the village committee and they had to take a picture of them drinking it as proof.



The affected villagers are being treated at a hospital now for having consumed a poisonous product.



> Four men have been detained by the Pahang Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs on suspicion of reselling subsidised cooking oil, Sin Chew Daily reported.



A raid conducted at an industrial area led to 31,000kg of subsidised cooking oil worth RM77,500 being seized.



The raid took place after a three-week investigation following a tip-off from the public.



 The above article is compiled from the vernacular newspapers (Bahasa Malaysia, Chinese and Tamil dailies). As such, stories are grouped according to the respective language/medium. Where a paragraph begins with this ' >'sign, it denotes a separate news item.Hell hath no fury like a former K-pop idol (with a Twitch account) scorned.

Recently, Cheska, a former member of K-pop girl group Fiestar, went on Twitch to host an AMA (Ask Me Anything) stream where she spilt the tea on her experience in the industry, name-dropped a famous K-pop artiste who 'snubbed' her, and claimed that all K-pop singers go under the knife.

First to be called out was former Sistar member Hyolyn, who gave her a stank face when they crossed paths in the washroom.

"I was going to the bathroom, I waited in line, I went to the bathroom, I peed, came out to wash my hands, saw Hyolyn and I was like, 'Okay, the bathroom's empty. You can use it. No one's using it. I'm done using it.' And she gave me that face," the 27-year-old recounted in English as she made a face to the camera.

However, Cheska clarified in the stream as well that you can't believe all the gossip you hear about K-pop artistes and groups. Referencing her encounter with Hyolyn, Cheska revealed that Hyolyn's manager told her that the female soloist reacted that way because she just wanted to smoke.

Cheska also admitted that it's normal for the senior groups to dismiss greetings from a new group that has just debuted. While reacting to a YouTuber who called out a famous idol group for ignoring her greeting and giving her a face, Cheska exclaimed: "But everyone's like this."

She went on to explain that if you're a top group that's paid your dues, this is common behaviour. "If you're a group that's on top, like Girls' Generation, T-ARA, Girls' Day, Sistar, they all do this to be honest."

On another AMA stream, Cheska touched on the topic of plastic surgery and asserted that every K-pop idol got plastic surgery, though companies try to make it look as natural as possible. Referring to a YouTube video of before-and-after photos of K-pop idols, she pointed out Twice's Nayeon and Blackpink's Lisa and the work they had done.

She also shared the various surgeries people have done, like inserting silicone into the forehead or cutting the side of the lips to make it bigger. Cheska herself admitted that she had double eyelid surgery done because she was forced to, but refused to get more work done.

When talking about Blackpink's Lisa, Cheska said: "This, she went through surgery, but it's natural surgery... It's not like [singer] Park Bom. Her face is gone."

Being a K-pop idol isn't all it's cracked up to be and Cheska spoke a lot about her dark past as an idol. For the sake of brevity, we summed up her claims:
• She was conned into coming to South Korea under the promise of becoming the second BoA.
• When she first arrived in the country, she was manipulated and raped. She wasn't under Kakao M (formerly LOEN Entertainment) at that time.
• She was born in Seoul but moved to Alabama when she was two. Yet, her company made her lie about her birthplace to make it look like she was born in the US.
• She corroborated Cao Lu's (her group mate) claims that the Fiestar members didn't make any money from their time in the group. The girls were each given a monthly allowance of only 500,000 won (S$584) which the company would claim back from them.
• She was bullied by the group leader Jei and group mate Yezi. Due to their bullying and her desire to fit in with the group, she put herself down and even stayed away from popular singer-actress IU after the latter gave Cheska a shout-out on Twitter, resulting in some recognition.

Cheska's claims and revelations came from two Twitch streams she made last month but which have since been taken down, possibly because Lisa's fans have been berating her via DMs.

Sharing the messages she's gotten, a resigned Cheska wrote: "I tried... I opened up and I was myself and got shit on. This is why I hate K-pop. I give up. Good night."BTS super fan Oli London has found a very on-brand way of fighting boredom as the coronavirus pandemic continues around the world.

Rather than panic-buying toilet roll or pasta, Oli – who is from the UK – has spent his money buying 5000 copies of K-pop magazine KJou.

The issue has BTS on the front cover as well as an interview with the world famous group and some pictures.

Of course it’s all to support his fave, singer and dancer Jimin from the group.

In a clip shared to his Instagram page he showed his followers over 50 boxes filled with the mag that were delivered to his door as he self-quarantines during the Covid-19 outbreak.

Explaining his decision, Oli said: ‘While people have been rushing to buy essential products like toilet roll and hand sanitiser, for me all I need to feel safe and happy is magazines filled with pictures of BTS, Jimin and myself.

‘I love the photos of Jimin so much so I decided to order 5000 copies. Why not? They are really great photos of me and BTS. I cannot stop looking at them.’

He is best known for making headlines when he spent £75,000 on cosmetic procedures trying to transform himself into Jimin.

The blogger has had four rhinoplasties, a blepharoplasty – which was work on his eyelids, a mandibular angle reduction – jawline surgery, an incision inside his mouth, and he also shaved the bones in his face down ‘to give it more structure.’

Back in January he shared he has had injections in his face in order to look ‘more white’ as his skin tone ‘is not as pale as Jimin’s’.

The K-pop group, made up of Jimin, Jin, V, RM, J-Hope, Suga and Jungkook, released their new album Map Of The Soul: 7 earlier this year.

They were recently forced to postpone ticket sales for the Europe leg of their 2020 tour due to the Covid-19 outbreak.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Avengers’ Evangeline Lilly refuses to self-isolate as she ‘values freedom over her life’The South Korean market for popular culture content including K-pop and K-drama expanded nearly 20 percent in 2018 from two years earlier on a surge in overseas sales, a government report showed Wednesday. 



According to the biennial tally of the popular culture market, compiled by the Korea Creative Content Agency and the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, the combined revenue of the industry came to 6.42 trillion won (US$5.4 billion) in 2018, up 19.5 percent from about 5.37 trillion won registered in 2016. 



The tally includes the content sector for K-pop as well as those for Korean drama, TV shows and other content genres. 



The sharp increase in 2018 was largely thanks to the market's exports, which increased 68.9 percent to 874.2 billion won from two years earlier, the report showed. 



As of the end of 2018, there were a total of 9,141 pop artists registered at local talent agencies and management companies. Of them, 43.8 percent, or 4,003, were singers and dancers, while another 37.4 percent were actors, followed by fashion models at 7.6 percent and comedians at 2.1 percent.



The average monthly income for a pop artist was 1.8 million won in 2018, slightly down from 1.83 million won two years earlier. 



The survey is based on a poll of 3,704 local talent agencies and production companies as well as 1,242 people from the popular culture industry. (Yonhap)It was six years ago that Katya Taylor, then 13 years old, sat in her living room mesmerized by the “Growl” music video by well-known Korean pop group EXO. She began to mimic the choreography before deciding to film herself dancing and posting it to Instagram. “I was immediately enamored with the advanced choreography in the music videos. This led me to create an Instagram account and start posting the dances I picked up from watching the music videos,” Taylor recounted.

“I was just terrified before posting it, just because I didn’t know if it was good enough,” Taylor recalled. Today, Taylor is no longer the nervous girl in her living room. Now a sophomore at UMass, Taylor has amassed 139,000 followers on Instagram. She couldn’t believe that it all started because of the video she posted so long ago and continues to post today.

“I knew since my mom put me in ballet classes at age 4 that I wanted to dance forever, but I did not expect to be posting K-Pop and Street dance videos to social media by this point in my life,” said Taylor. Taylor, who is now a dance major at UMass, has been dancing for 14 years, favoring dynamic contemporary and hip-hop/street styles. Still, she never imagined that her love of dance would make her an Instagram creator.

Her success, however, was gradual. While she began posting these videos in 2013 (many of which have been archived or deleted), it wasn’t until around 2015 that her following started to increase. Taylor said it wasn’t one particular video that gained traction, but rather her profile as a whole began to take off.

By 2016 Taylor had what she called a supportive and dedicated audience, individuals who continued to watch her videos and leave kind comments. Her audience demographic primarily spans the age range of 18-24, more commonly resonating with individuals who identify as women. Much of her audience resides in the United States, although countries like Brazil, Indonesia and Mexico also displayed interest.

“Since I made my account and started interacting with this niche community, I have seen it grow to be something huge and I am honored to have been one of the catalysts for Instagram K-Pop dance covers,” she said.

Taylor had discovered the dance world goldmine. Her job? She learns the choreography from popular K-Pop music videos and then recreates it for her audience, along with choreographing some of her own dances. The K-Pop fandom is known to be a collective of devoted individuals who try to consume the media in any way possible. From watching the K-Pop group music videos and interviews to song and dance covers, the fans tend to keep up with whatever content is available. While dance covers are a niche subcategory, K-Pop covers have gained traction over the years as the genre spread like wildfire across the globe beginning with the song “Gangnam Style” by Psy in 2012.

“I realized I could actually do something with this once I discovered the rest of the K-Pop cover community on Instagram. Popular dancers who had been in the game for a bit inspired me to keep pushing and trying to gain a supportive audience,” Taylor said. Once you watch one of her videos, the fascination becomes clear. Her body moves quickly, but fluid to such complex moves that someone with two left feet could never keep up. Some of her videos gain thousands of views, while others get views up in the millions. Taylor averages out at 40,000 views for every one-minute video she posts.

With a following like this, is she able to make a living from this work? In 2019, Taylor was selected by a company called Kung Fu Tea to be a special guest and dance workshop instructor at an event called K-Con New York that would be held that summer. According to their website, K-Con, which is held in both New York and Los Angeles, is “the world’s largest fan celebration of Korean culture and music.” Taylor spoke highly of the experience, “I was able to meet a lot of dancers and artists who were either my online friends or people I had looked up to for a long time,” she said, “It was an amazing experience that really influenced and boosted me in many ways.”

Brands are looking to sponsor people like Taylor, similar to many other social influencers, who have become the fascination of eager brands hoping to cater to a certain audience. These are known in the social media world as sponsorships. Taylor broke it down, “Usually the company reaches out to me via email and requests my rates,” she said. “If I am interested in working with them, I make sure they fit my brand and send them my rates for packages like a feed post and a story or an IGTV video and a link in my bio section.”

However, Taylor never wants to present a brand she doesn’t feel fits her image. “I work with a few companies that reach out and connect me with brands they feel fit for me. When a brand and I agree on a deal, I post for them and receive compensation.”

Taylor has worked with brands like Amazon Music, Just Dance, YesStyle K-Beauty and a Beauty Blender collaboration with the app TikTok. When asked about the rates Taylor charges brands, she politely declined to comment saying, “I don’t really share my rates with people.”

She didn’t start doing covers to make money, but it definitely has been a bonus. “I would say this manifested itself. I didn’t plan to amass a following of any significance originally, but once I did start to gain followers It encouraged me to continue improving myself and creating good content. I am very grateful,” Taylor said.

Taylor isn’t the only person doing this. There are thousands of people who perform dance covers on platforms like Instagram, Tik Tok and YouTube. Why do they do it? Some do it in an effort to get famous, but most do it because they’re passionate about dance.

Surely with a following like hers and financial compensation, you’d think Taylor had it made. In reality, she sees herself like any other UMass student, juggling the chaotic schedule that comes with being a dance major and sophomore in college. “I have a very set schedule that I live by and rely on to get everything done,” Taylor said.

She tends to have a lot on her plate, from choreographing pieces for the UMass Dance Company and the Aashka Dance Company out in Boston, dancing with two K-pop dance crews and teaching at her home studio which is also in Boston. Right now, she is focused on a required show for her dance major which is set for February 28-29. How does she do it all? “When I’m not busy doing one of these above things (or schoolwork) I am learning and filming K-Pop dances,” said Taylor.

Taylor recognizes how lucky she is to be born in the digital age. Knowing her work as an Instagram creator has already begun to help her dance career, she hopes that it will continue to do so in the future. Taylor plans to continue using her platform to support herself financially, supplementing her work as a commercial dancer once she graduates. “I know others who are making a living from posting K-Pop and Street dance content and I hope to continue to grow as they have,” she said.

Many don’t make the cut, but Taylor has hit the jackpot.

Email Nasya at [email protected] or follow her on Twitter @lilbbynas.KUALA LUMPUR, March 10 — It’s easy to dismiss KPop fangirls as no more than impressionable youths screaming over their favourite idols.

But Malaysian teenager Yvonne Chen is a shining example of how loving a boyband can enrich your life in unexpected ways.

The 19-year-old BTS superfan possesses skills that any event organiser would be proud of, having co-hosted a birthday celebration for member J-Hope that was attended by hundreds of fans at Nu Sentral on February 22.

These gatherings are known as cupsleeve events in reference to the medley of fan-made merchandise handed out to attendees, including cup-holders, posters, photocards, banners, and more.

Despite not having any K-pop idols on the guest list, cupsleeve events have no problem drawing a large crowd and they provide a place for fans to socialise and celebrate the achievements of their beloved celebrities.

“Fans can meet other fans and they can make new friends by finding common ground in their interests. It creates an environment with a sense of belonging for sharing the same interest and love for BTS.

“It is more meaningful to celebrate together as one because when it is the idol's birthday, the idol will check social media and they can see how much fans do for them and it makes them feel loved and happy,” Chen told Malay Mail.

The Kuala Lumpur-born college student first fell in love with BTS in 2016 after watching the music video for their hit single Save Me.

Since then, she has been actively involved on Twitter as @yvonnethefeimao in a network of both local and international BTS fans, known collectively as the ARMY.

The recent cupsleeve event co-organised by Chen was part of a worldwide fan project known as Global Hope Cafe, spearheaded by South Korean fansite Adonis Hoseok to celebrate J-Hope’s birthday.

The exchange of fan-made merchandise is a huge highlight at these gatherings and K-pop lovers turn up in droves to collect goodies emblazoned with the faces of their favourite members.

A video shared by Chen's co-organiser on Twitter showed hundreds of adoring fans patiently waiting in line during the Global Hope Cafe event at Nu Sentral recently.

The birthday projects are a true litmus test of a person’s ability to coordinate large events and multitask under pressure, and it definitely was no easy task for Chen to secure a venue, plan the decorations, and pack goodie bags while juggling her personal responsibilities.

The escalating Covid-19 outbreak in South Korea also meant Chen had to navigate several hiccups in the shipping process of merchandise intended as gifts for attendees.

“In this case, the cup-holders that were sent by the fansite did not arrive as scheduled due to mishaps during shipping.

“As the organiser, I had to try to solve the problem and find out the cause of the delay. I also had to make a report to the customs department over the matter.”

Time management skills were key throughout the process and Chen made a dedicated checklist and set strict deadlines for herself to keep everything in order.

It’s not her first rodeo organising a K-pop-related event in Malaysia, as she previously set up a photo exhibition for BTS members Jimin and Jungkook at Ruang by Think City earlier in January.

Devoting blood, sweat, and tears into her efforts as a fan event organiser has been worth it for Chen, who loves the feeling of bringing BTS fans from all walks of life together in one place.

“I think it is really nice to bring smiles onto other people’s faces and see fans with mutual interests having fun and talking about BTS.

“It’s a great feeling to come together as one community and have good energy all around.”

She also finds solace and comfort in the septet’s hip-hop-inspired music and their lyrics, which often touch on subjects like self-love and mental health issues.

BTS’ close connection with their fans has always uplifted Chen’s spirits and she treasures the group’s efforts to create music that resonates with young people all over the world.

“I remember how member RM said at their 2017 concert in Seoul, ‘If someday our existence, music, performances, photos, and videos could decrease your pain from 100 to even 99, 98, 97, then our worth and value of being here is enough.’

“The messages that they convey to ARMYs are always so sincere and genuine. They are bona fide and I love how they are always so grateful to their fans.

“They’re witty and funny and their brotherly love for each other is just so endearing. They never fail to bring a smile to my face.”After seeing her show at 54 Below, Chris Struck set up an interview with Helen Park to discuss KPOP, a high energy musical destined for Broadway!

Chris: Hi Helen, nice to speak with you again. So, you're coming off your first solo concert or cabaret at 54 Below. How did that get put together?

HELEN: I'm delighted to have this conversation with you, and thanks so much for coming to my first solo concert at 54 Below. I've always wanted to have a concert of my songs, but I backed out many times because I didn't feel I was quite ready. But when 54 Below reached out to me a couple months ago about their New Writers at 54 Series, a part of me just went "YOLO" and decided I wanted to see what putting on a concert was all about. It was certainly a lot of work and prep going into it, but I'm so glad that I did it. Most of the time as a composer, I'm in my room writing and producing by myself, so it was definitely a special night out where I could share my music with other people. The audience was great - the show was sold out! Everyone there was so supportive and enthusiastic, and I felt a strong connection and bond with the audience, which felt like a dream and I'm so grateful for it.

Chris: One of the things that I noticed is that you had a lot of songs from a variety of inspirations. What do you think has been one of your main inspirations in music?

HELEN: I grew up moving around a lot. I was born in Busan, Korea, then moved around many times in Korea, Canada and the US up until now. I think that's probably why I have a lot of different inspirations when it comes to music. When I was little, I listened to a lot of church music and classical music. Then as I went into elementary school in the US, I was exposed to Michael Jackson and pop music. When I went back to Korea for 5th grade, I started listening to K-pop music, and became obsessed with boybands and K-pop idols. Since I moved to Canada alone to be in a boarding school at age 15, K-pop has been what I would listen to when I missed home. The music felt like home to me. I also became interested in other genres like jazz, gospel and R&B, as well as Broadway. All the cultures that I've experienced influenced my taste and how I experience music.

Chris: So, you grew up in South Korea and Canada and America. You've always enjoyed K-pop, the genre. I agree it's a lot of fun, even for a non-Korean speaker like myself. Let's talk about how that became a musical. What led up to it, what important things had to happen?

HELEN: Teddy Bergman (director) and Jason Kim (bookwriter) both came up with the idea to do an immersive musical about K-pop. Ars Nova connected the two, looked for songwriters to commission to write music, and that's when I joined -- in 2014. Back then, we didn't have all the details or script ready, so for 3 years since then, we went through close collaboration to come up with the story and what we wanted to communicate through our show. The most important thing for me, personally, was to make sure that we're doing our best in thoroughly researching the genre and the culture we're examining in our show. It's very easy to work off of a brief impression of a genre, and that's when things can get skewed or misinterpreted. In terms of the music, I wanted to make sure that none of the songs sound like a bad parody or mockery of the Korean pop phenomenon that is already widely popular around the globe. That meant really studying pop hit songs, breaking them apart and analyzing them. Also, as the music producer for this show on top of the composing component, I had to work on bettering my electronic music producing skills as well. It's been a continuous learning experience.

Chris: Was this your first experience writing for theater?

HELEN: I had been studying musical theater writing at NY, and I wrote a couple pieces prior to this-but KPOP was my first professional theater writing experience. When I started writing KPOP, I was music assistant to Tom Kitt for If/Then on Broadway. I assisted Tom for three years and learned a lot about how the industry works and how a show gets developed for the stage. That helped a lot when working on my first show.

HELEN: Yes! KPOP was the most nominated Off-Broadway show of the 2017-18 season, and won the 2018 Lucille Lortel Award as well as the Richard Rodgers Award. Although, I think the best indication of its success isn't so much the awards but the fact that tickets were sold out even before previews began. It was wild.

Chris: Could you tell us a little bit about what's next for the musical? I heard that it was being or had been taken out of town to be prepped for a Broadway run. How much of that is true?

HELEN: It's true! We're busy at work preparing for a Broadway run. Stay tuned...!

Chris: What do you hope your audiences feel after watching your musical? Do you hope that people just have fun, or do you also hope that Americans will learn a little more about South Korea?

HELEN: I certainly hope that people have a blast through the unique uplifting energy that K-pop music brings. But more importantly, I really hope that people will see the humanity, complexity and diversity of the Korean and Asian community through the characters in our show. There's a tendency in the media to generalize or flatten Asian characters. I wish to do the opposite - reveal the flawed, complicated and multi-layered truth of people and have the audience see themselves in them. That would be so amazing.

Chris: Do you have any other ideas you'd like to see put in production that you've been working in the meantime? Is there any "you time"?

HELEN: I'm constantly exploring and looking for show ideas that I'm passionate about. There are some projects that I've been approached with, but I have to really love the project that I'm jumping into, so I like to give a lot of thought into what I write next. It's an ongoing journey!

Chris: Is there anything else that you'd like audiences to know about you or you?

HELEN: Well, I would like to talk a little bit about my upcoming Netflix original animation, Over the Moon.

Chris: Oh, sweet! Let's cover the basics: is it a full-length film? Is it a musical? Who's directing it?

HELEN: I'm writing songs for an upcoming musical animation feature film directed by Academy award winner and Disney legend, Glen Keane, with Chris Curtis and Marjorie Duffield. And yes, it's a full-length film. It's going to be released this fall on Netflix. I'm really excited about the cast but I can't say anything right now! I had a lot of fun working on it and I can't wait for people to see it.

Chris: What's it like working on a Netflix musical feature film with Glen Keane?

HELEN: It's been really surreal. Glen Keane designed Ariel in Little Mermaid, Pocahontas, Aladdin and the beast in Beauty and the Beast among others, so seeing him direct an animation feature and seeing his process has been very cool. Animation is all about collaboration with so many different people, and it's a pretty long process, but the joy of seeing it all come together is indescribable.

Chris: How did that process get started?

HELEN: Someone at Pearl Studios, the production company for the film previously known as Oriental Dreamworks, came and saw KPOP and loved it. They reached out for an interview and the rest is history!

Chris: Great, that's so cool. Thanks for taking the time to share a bit about you to the Broadway World audience!If you're looking for a way to connect with your faves (aside from concerts and fan meets), Instagram is probably your best answer. The rise of the social media platform has also made K-pop idols reach out to their fans through ~cute~ selcas, comeback trailers, and even in showcasing their superb photography skills. And we surely can't deny that it totally feels like a portal to their personal world, where they show their life behind the limelight.

While there are many celebrity accounts to follow in this photo and video-sharing app, there are some that have millions of followers and you can't help but hit the follow button to see why. Excited to know who's leading the pack? Below are the 10 most-followed K-pop idols on Instagram:

Here she comes kicking the door: @lalalalisa_m is the most-followed K-pop idol on Instagram, boasting over 30 million followers to date. FYI, it only took less than a year for BLACKPINK's maknae and main dancer to be hailed as the queen of IG. Lisa gives a ~little bit of this~ and a ~little bit of that~ in her posts, from magazine shoots to places she's been to.

It's another BLACKPINK member in your area! Known for her chic fashion sense, the 24-year-old charismatic main rapper, @jennierubyjane, sits on her throne and shares her OOTDs—both comfy and stylish—on her Instagram account. If you want to get a more personal glimpse of her everyday life, follow @lesyeuxdenini (which translates to "the eyes of Nini" in French), her second IG account with story-filled personal photographs.

If she's not busy slaying with her mesmerizing looks, @roses_are_rosie hits us with those endearing IG posts where she's seen having fun with her fellow BLACKPINK members and other K-pop idol friends, like Girl's Day's Hyeri. The New Zealand-born, Australia-raised singer (with the impressive high notes at that) took to Instagram in January and asked her followers to help her home country with the recent bushfire.

To say that @sooyaaa_ looks forever young is an understatement. BLACKPINK's oldest member and resident mood maker isn't afraid to show off her radiant visuals and quirky personality on Insta. A stunning photo with a Powerpuff Girls reference? We're sold!

We just can't help but express our ~obsession~ with @real_pcy. As seen in his posts, EXO's rapper goes from high-fashion model to adorable boyfriend. Aside from posting a backstage look into his life with his fellow members, friends, and pets, Chanyeol loves sharing his super adorable #throwback photos, too!

@oohsehun got us going crazy when he joined Instagram in 2014, and until now, he's still creeping in our heart with his Instagram selfies—most of the time with a mirror 'gram donning his signature ~luxurious lewk~. Oh, Sehun, the way you make us stop and stare!

A known fact: @xxxibgdrgn not only leads BIGBANG, but also the Instagram sphere. ~And if you know what I'm sayin'~, it goes to show in his feed that hypes his fans all over the world, in posts that show his appreciation for art, music, and fashion. Last year, GD released the Air Force 1 Para-Noise sneakers, a special collaboration he did with Nike that featured his personal artwork.

Listening to @baekhyunee_exo's voice is enough for us to ~relax and chill~, but his IG posts are what keep us alive and awake. In this platform, Baekhyun shows off his cheeky side by playing with cute filters. He can sing, dance, act, and most importantly, make us fall head over heels with his zoomed-in selcas—we're def not complaining!

Welcome to @jacksonwang852g7's world, let's do this! The GOT7 member flaunts his undeniable swag and popularity on Instagram (and also through his official YouTube channel). Jackson is L'Oreal Men's newest global ambassador—what with his global influences that captures the hearts of many international fans. #TEAMWANG, rejoice!

This is us declaring that we're definitely ~feeling so fine~ whenever we come across @taeyeon_ss' IG posts. Who wouldn't? She's too-precious-for-words, and along with her fairytale-like photos in varying tones plus her all-out love for her fans—those are enough to keep our eyes locked to her account. Now we know our purpose.Four years ago, Jenna Wang didn't know much about K-pop, yet over the past year, her K-pop prowess in the genre has led her to earning a $2,000 scholarship.

“It started in ninth-grade when a friend showed me a video," recalled Wang, a senior at Iowa City West High School.

K-pop — an abbreviation of Korean popular music — is a musical genre typically accompanied by dance which often puts heavy emphasis on the personality of its performers. The genre has seen increased popularity in the U.S. over the past two decades.

After being exposed to the video, Wang was inspired to step into the format herself. She didn't seek out professional lessons, opting instead to be self-taught, learning through a series of online tutorials and practice at home in front of her computer replicating the movements of other performers.

“I didn’t want my parents to spend any money that they didn’t have so I spent hours and hours trying to find resources online," Wang said. "It was really rewarding in the end."

She created her first video somewhat spur of the moment. During a 2018 trip to downtown Chicago with her sister, Wang remembered seeing videos of people performing to K-pop songs in public and she'd recently learned a new dance.

"So I did a dance right there in Chicago right by The Bean and my sister filmed it," Wang said.

When the video went up, it got enough of a positive response that Wang — who described herself as "super shy" growing-up — decided to upload more videos of herself performing. Her Youtube channel includes instances of her dancing in the Coral Ridge Mall, in China and at her high school.

“It’s helped me to become a more confident person every single time," said Wang, "(and) I've talked to a lot of people around the world who comment.”

As the start of the 2019-2020 school year approached and Wang began preparing for college — with a desire to go into journalism/communications — she started searching for potential scholarships which is how she found the Canvas from Instructure student scholarship.

"(It's) an award that will allow her to achieve her goals at a college where she can pursue her two greatest passions: journalism and performing arts," according to a release from Instructure, Inc., the organization behind the scholarship.

In May of 2019, Instructure put out a call for prospective college students to send in a 30-second video explaining how a college degree could help them achieve their ambitions.

“I was with my dad on a trip in Arkansas," said Wang, recalling how she heard she'd received the scholarship. "I saw that I had a Twitter direct message... (and) I jumped up and started screaming my head off.”

Wang, who was flown out to Long Beach, Calf. with her dad to accept the award received the third-place prize of $2,000, and the other winners were selected by a group of Instructure employees who judged the entrants by their "creativity and vision."

Right now, Wang is eagerly waiting to hear back from colleges she's applied to and isn't sure where she'll be in another year. Whatever she goes through, she believes in the power of storytelling — be it through written words or dance — and wants that to be a part of whatever the future holds for her.

“I enjoy it because — I don’t want to be cheesy — but there this sort of magic," Wang said. "You can bring (even polarized) people together."

Isaac Hamlet covers arts, entertainment and culture at the Press-Citizen. Reach him at ihamlet@press-citizen.com or (319)-688-4247, follow him on Twitter @IsaacHamletThe K-Pop scene has become more competitive than ever and there are a number of female acts who are making waves and shattering expectations with their music. In the spirit of International Women’s Day, here are both up-and-coming and not so new female powerhouses that are inspiring, fearless and empowering:

JYP Entertainment’s first new female team since Twice, ITZY only debuted early last year and they’re already on the forefront of pop domination. K-Pop’s rookie group possesses major appeal for their cool and independent demeanour and upbeat bops, heard in anthemic singles like ‘Dalla Dalla’ and ‘Icy’ — which has gotten them high ranks on the music charts and awards at televised music programmes and award shows. 2019 may have been their year but the quintet is likely going to make even more noise in 2020.

Signed under South Korean entertainment company Blockberry Creative, Loona has proven to be one of the must-see and most exciting new acts so far. They gained attention for their previously unattempted pre-debut project that involved unveiling each member with solo music and grouping them into subunits in the lead up to the act’s official launch in 2018. The 12-member band have gained an international fan base along the way and have sonically evolved, releasing message-driven music. Their latest empowering and bold musical offering ‘So What’ is proof enough.

The Girls’ Generation member successfully solidified her position in the industry as a soloist since her solo debut release in 2015 and she’s showing no signs of slowing down. Taeyeon is not afraid to experiment with different music styles and reveal her vulnerability in her music, even opening up about her depression in the squeaky-clean industry. Also heard in soundtracks for Korean dramas, the multi-faceted vocalist’s expressive and soulful vocals move any listener and song ‘Dear Me’ is one of them.

(G)I-DLE — pronounced as ‘idle’ — is a standout for being a rare self-producing girl group in the industry. Having debuted in 2018, Cube Entertainment’s multinational rookies have made their mark on and offstage for their bold, powerful presence and crowd-pleasing performances, that is also seen in their latest track, ‘Lion’, in which they declare they’re a “queen like a lion”. The six-piece’s music just gives off that boast of confidence.

Mamamoo is the epitome of fierce and sensual confidence. Consisting of members Solar, Wheein, Moonbyul and Hwasa, the soulful vocal quartet have grown to become a prominent K-Pop group in South Korea for their vocal prowess, distinct vibe and genre-defying music over the years. Put simply, the vocal-oriented band’s music is an instant mood-enhancer.

Regarded as one of South Korea’s most impactful artist and known for spearheading the global phenomenon across Asia in the 2000s, the Queen of K-Pop formally began her career when she was only 13 years old. Following her debut album in 2000, she took over the K-Pop scene with her unique, raspy vocal tone and powerful moves. While female soloists find it difficult to maintain longevity in the youth-oriented industry, the SM Entertainment-signed singer still remains popular. Her songs ‘Woman’ and ‘Girls on Top’ are worth a listen.

Everglow is slowly becoming one of South Korea’s most promising groups thanks to their powerful sound and fierce attitude. The rising charismatic rookies only debuted last year with infectious breakout track ‘Bon Bon Chocolat’, off of debut EP, ‘Arrival of Everglow’, and they’re not messing around. Their follow-up anthemic tracks such as ‘Adios’ and ‘Dun Dun’ are slowly propelling them as forerunners of the next generation of K-Pop. 2020 will surely be the year they receive even more attention.

Former Sistar member and leader Hyolyn exudes boldness and confidence. She is renowned for her husky vocals and range and powerful performances and for taking control of her own career. Following the group’s disbandment, the K-Pop star went on to establish her own label.“Map of the Soul: 7” — the K-pop juggernaut BTS’s fourth Korean-language full-length album — just debuted at the top of the Billboard chart, though that’s only one indicator of the group’s still-growing global dominance.

In the past few years, BTS has become the worldwide standard-bearer for pure pop, a collection of seven members — J-Hope, RM, Suga, Jungkook, V, Jin and Jimin — who are charismatic, limber and, most crucially, game for the level of work and ambition required to be mega-popular at home, in the United States and almost everywhere in between.

BTS is soaring so high, it might not seem on the surface like it’s navigating particularly tricky waters. But the relentlessness of the group’s success obscures the fact that it’s on the cusp of two key transitions: a decreasing reliance on hip-hop and an increasing flirtation with high-profile English-language collaborators. “7” ends up as a kind of referendum on the sort of pop megalith BTS is becoming, and what it might have to leave behind on the way.Billie Eilish, Kim Kardashian, Shawn Mendes and Kate Moss have all modelled for CK – now Chinese/Korean pop star Lay Zhang’s inclusion in the brand’s new campaign, flaunting toned abs and biceps, confirms him as a cultural icon across the worldK-pop band BTS will lose Kim Seok-jin, when he enlists for national service this year, while members of other groups are returning to the entertainment industryThere’s a maknae in every K-pop group that is usually known as the spoiled and cherished one by their older members, but some groups break the traditional rule and actually have an “evil” maknae who happens to be mainly sassy, playful, and savage.

How about you? If you were to be an evil maknae, who would you be? Answer the series of questions down below to find out which idol maknae you would relate to the most!



 Which evil maknae in K-pop are you? Let us know in the comments below!Mumbai, March 13 (IANS) Singer Priyanka Mazumdar, member of the Asian all-girl group Z-Girls, says she got attracted towards K-Pop by looking at the way they dance, perform and sing live on stage.

"I actually started listening to K-Pop back in 2014, late 2014. I was so into it that I went for contests, K pop contests during 2015 and since then I''m listening to K-Pop. I love how they perform on stage. It was really new for me because in our country, we like sit back with the guitar and just sing, like move along with the music but with K-Pop I saw that they dance, perform and sing live on stage and it was really attractive for me and I guess that''s what pulled me into K-Pop more deeper," Priyanka said.

Z-Girls consists of Carlyn (Philippines), Priyanka (India), Bell (Thailand), Mahiro (Japan), Vanya (Indonesia), Queen (Vietnam) and Joanne (Taiwan), who is recently performed on "Vh1 Listen".

Talking about their project, Carlyn said: "We are on Z-Pop Project, it is a global project aims to establish a system that connects 7 different countries through music. We debuted in Korea on February 23, 2019 and we are trying to reach our dream. One dream, one goal, one Asia."

To this, Priyanka added: "We call ourselves Z Pop stars, Z comes from Generation Z, which is youngsters born after 1995."

Vanya shared: "The debut songs of Z Girls was ''What you waiting for'' which is very memorable for us. It was really a cold day and we got sick."

Recalling the experience of working on the song, Priyanka said: "It was really hard to breathe, because we were dancing and shooting at the same time. I still remember we had short outfits and had to put up smile on our faces, even though it is freezing cold. We cannot describe it in words how we felt but I think we enjoyed it because it was our first shoot together."

Disclaimer :- This story has not been edited by Outlook staff and is auto-generated from news agency feeds. Source: IANSK-pop group LOONA have bagged their first win on a music show two years after they debuted.

The girl group won first place on M Countdown on Thursday with their comeback So What.

They saw off competition from boy group MCND and their single Ice Age.

It was tears all around when they got the news, as fans will know how hard the group – who are under Blockberry Creative – have worked to get to this point.

Member Yves thanked Orbits (their fans) and paid tribute to band mate Haseul, who is taking a break from the group for personal reasons.

She confessed that LOONA had ‘fears’ while creating their latest album #.

She said: ‘We’re shaking so much because it’s our first win. Thank you for giving us a chance to give a speech like this. First thanks to our company representatives, and thanks so much to our Blockberry family and staff.

‘And thanks so much to LOONA’s parents and families. And more than anything else, our Orbits. I think we were able to get this award because of Orbits so thank you so much.’

She went on: ‘Unfortunately Haseul couldn’t participate in this album. Haseulie who’s watching from home we got this award because of you so I want to say thanks so much.

‘While preparing our album for the past year we had a lot of fears. But with winning this award, just like our song’s message, I think we can move forward, without fearing changes.’

They added in a further message on Instagram written in Korean and English: ‘Orbit! #LOONA has nominated with #SoWhat as 1st place since we have debuted, and thank you so much we couldn’t have made this without you guys orbit, and even though we haven’t really seen you guys during So What era, thank you guys so much for supporting us and made us realize that you guys are there for us.

‘We will be better as days passes by and please be with us until we become better LOONA oursevles! I love you guys orbit.’

The 12-member group also performed on the episode wearing matching red and black outfits.

LOONA is made up of Yves, Vivi, Haseul, JinSoul, Kim Lip, Chuu, Heejin, Hyunjin, Go Won, Choerry, Olivia Hye and Yeojin.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : YouTuber Shane Dawson ‘spiraling’ over coronavirus as he reassures anxious fans

MORE : Tim Allen jokes about offering Tom Hanks Buzz Lightyear’s spacesuit as he reaches out to Toy Story co-star after coronavirus diagnosisDua Lipa has collaborated with Blackpink and, more recently, Hwasa from Mamamoo.CONROE _ Montgomery County officials delivered the news to Harris County and Houston officials early Tuesday evening that one of their residents who tested presumptively positive for COVID-19 also attended last month’s Houston Rodeo cookoff, officials said.

The Houston tie to Montgomery County’s first known case was not disclosed until Wednesday afternoon when Mayor Sylvester Turner announced that the Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo would be closed to prevent “community spread” amid large gatherings. Montgomery County officials informed Houston at around 6-7 p.m. Tuesday, about two hours before a packed crowd gathered for a K-pop concert, said Jason Millsap, chief of staff to County Judge Mark Keogh.

Montgomery County officials declined to mention the patient’s visit to Houston during a morning news briefing because it was out of their jurisdiction, Millsap said.

A lack of disclosure surrounding the COVID-19 case has left some, including a state lawmaker, worried. During the news conference, officials at the Montgomery County Public Health District said the patient, a man in his 40s, had no recent travel history outside Texas but left out his visit to the famed rodeo.

Millsap said the man tested positive for COVID-19 around 4 p.m. and was well enough to retrace where he had been the past two weeks. The rodeo grounds were the most significant location, Millsap said, while other places he had been in Montgomery County were determined to be “low risk” areas. He was around his family, extended family and around co-workers at an unidentified workplace.

Turner, at a reporter’s pressing, disclosed that the man had attended the rodeo. Turner also expanded on the Montgomery County man’s prognosis — and the stark reality that the illness is spreading — as city and health officials moved to cancel the Houston Rodeo. The lack of information shared at the first news conference in Conroe was frustrating to state Rep. Steve Toth (R-The Woodlands), who attended the meeting but was unaware of the patient’s Houston ties until hours later on his drive back to Austin.

“I’m frustrated,” Toth said in a phone call. “I get the whole thing about wanting to make sure we don’t violate their HIPPA rules, but I think the lack of frank reporting (from public officials) of honest information is going to cause more doubt when we speak later on what we know to be true.”

The scarcity of information was also troubling to Shirley Tilton as she went with her husband, James, to see his doctor at the Houston Healthcare facility in Conroe. He has stage four cancer, she said.

“I feel nervous being in a hospital because they’re not telling us which hospital he’s at,” Tilton said. “They’re wasting our time by telling us nothing.”

Visitors to the hospital on Texas 336 Loop are facing stricter rules amid the growing pandemic. Anyone who enters the hospital is required to disclose if they have a fever or other symptoms of a lower respiratory illness, have had close contact with a person infected with COVID-19 in the last two weeks or if they have traveled to an “affected geographic area.”

HELP OUR REPORTING: We're trying to learn more about the new coronavirus and its impact in Houston. If you have something to share, or know anyone quarantined, please fill out this form.

The unidentified patient has been hospitalized since Tuesday and those in close contact with him in the northwest part of the county are being monitored, said Melissa Miller, of the Montgomery County Hospital District. The presumptive positive is awaiting additional confirmation from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, she said during the news conference.

Miller would not say how long the man has been symptomatic or elaborate, the condition of his health or where he was receiving treatment. She said it was not yet known how he contracted the illness or where. The majority of COVID-19 cases have been in the Houston area and are linked to a Nile river cruise in Egypt. The first COVID-19 diagnosis in the Houston area involved a Fort Bend County man who went on the Nile trek. The case was announced on March 4, about four days after the cookoff ended.

The new case also prompted Montgomery ISD Superintendent Beau Rees to cancel school Thursday and Friday for a deep cleaning ahead of spring break.

The county is currently monitoring 21 people, some of whom had contact with the patient. Since Feb. 7, 39 people have been monitored and 14 have been under investigation. Of those tested, Miller said eight are still pending results.

The man’s employer was made aware of his diagnosis, Miller said.BTS are due to promote their fourth Korean-language album, Map of the Soul: 7, later this year. Photo: EPA-EFEOn their maiden visit to India, Z-Stars — an international K-pop act — recently performed in Pune, Mumbai, and Delhi. The group features two Indians — Sid and Priyanka — who were beyond ecstatic to be performing as global stars in their own country. “It feels really great to be home, and when you get a chance to perform with the whole group on home ground, it’s the best feeling ever,” says Sid. Priyanka joins in, “I was very nervous because it was my first time as an international artist in front of my mother. I was also glad that the rest of our group enjoyed performing in India, thanks to the enthusiastic audience.”

READ | K-pop on the Bollywood boulevard: Z-Stars recreate iconic filmi looks

Z-Stars is a 14-member collective of Z-Girls and Z-Boys, with artistes hailing from Japan, Philippines, Thailand, Taiwan, India, Vietnam, and Indonesia. The group trained and debuted in South Korea in 2019, and with singles such as Streets of Gold, Holla Holla, they have amassed an avid fan base already. They describe their brand of music as Z-pop — inspired by K-pop and for Gen Z (those born after mid-1990s). We present a freewheeling conversation with the Z-Stars on their India showcase and love for Bollywood.

The artistes admit that they were apprehensive about performing in India, on a stage hosting worldwide sensations such as Diplo and Machine Gun Kelly. “We were skeptical… ‘Are we really that famous in India?’ we wondered,” one of the Josh continues, “But the crowd was so passionate… It was surreal. We didn’t expect the audience to know our songs but they actually sang along!”

Even their 9am visit to a Mumbai college received a “crazy” response. “The students were very supportive and, touchwood, so far Indian GalaxZs (the name they call their fans) have been amazing,” Sid says.

A squealing chorus of “Shah Rukh Khan” is the answer when we ask Z-Stars about Bollywood, considering they covered a few Hindi songs (Jai Ho from Slumdog Millionaire, Tum Hi Ho from Aashiqui 2, and more) during their performance. “We love Shah Rukh Khan and Bollywood music is really catchy. Even when we don’t know or understand the lyrics, we can’t get the songs out of our heads,” they tell us.

Mavin insists that the Indian members didn’t need to introduce the others to Hindi cinema or music. “If you go to Indonesia or Philippines and mention Shah Rukh Khan, everyone knows him...Bollywood is really famous there,” he says,and starts humming Kuch Kuch Hota Hai… Vanya joins in with a boisterous rendition of the SRK-Kajol-Rani Mukerjee-starrer song. “Bollywood has its own special flavour. Also, Indian actors are very charming and handsome, the dancing is really good, too,” says Vanya, the most outspoken of the group.

So, that explains their boundless enthusiasm about coming to India for the first time. Well, that and the fascination with Indian food — panipuri and curries seemed to be among the highlight of their food adventures in the country.

Ask them about their future plans and they share that preparations are on for a new album (comeback in K-pop lingo). Some interesting collaborations with Indian and international artists may also be in the offing, but the artistes refuse to divulge more details. “Lots of surprises, and a lot more to come for our Indian fans,” they say conspiratorially.

As a group catering to a young, impressionable audience, it is obvious that there must be a burden of responsibility. Vanya agrees, but is quick to clarify that it’s not exactly a burden. “Being responsible about our influence helps us become better people, too,” she says, explaining that they too were inspired by other artistes. So, now the Z-Stars want to pay it forward and inspire others.

Any advice for aspiring singers or performers who hope to make it big? “Keep dreaming. Keep working hard,and don’t give up. Always try to explore and try new things. Some things might not work out as you had planned but you need to be flexible. If it doesn’t work one way, you can find another way,” says an impassioned Priyanka. Her group mates, too, insist on the importance of getting out of one’s comfort zone in order to make a mark. “Think out of the box. No point in doing what everybody else is doing. Let others follow you,” signs off Sid.SINGAPORE - Hotly anticipated albums and offerings from both power rookies and veteran voices have dominated new J- and K-pop releases in the past month. The Straits Times highlights 10 new releases in South Korea and Japan, from juggernaut boyband BTS to evergreen singer-songwriter Aiko.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

BTS, the biggest boyband in the world, mounted a stunning press tour in North America and beyond for their latest album, Map Of The Soul: 7, going on a slew of talk shows and performing in New York's Grand Central Terminal.

The album is stylistically varied and ambitious, with solo tracks and duets in the mix.

Listen out for rapper Suga's Interlude: Shadow - an emotional, introspective ride through the singer's experience with fame.

Black Swan is also a standout experience when paired with its dark, sensual music video.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The South Korean girl group made an impressive debut in 2019. Their music video for Dalla Dalla chalked up 100 million views in 57 days, earning them the nickname of "monster rookies".

The quintet are back with their EP, It'z Me, which leads with the track Wannabe. The song is befitting of a group whose oldest members are born in the year 2000 - rebellious with a youthful, devil-may-care attitude.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The tidal wave of Crash Landing On You keeps going even after the hit Korean drama series has concluded, with singer IU's track on the soundtrack doing well on the charts. Her sweet voice pairs well with the longing love song.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

NCT 127, the sub-unit of South Korean boyband NCT, released their second full album with nine members. The lead track of the album, Kick It, is a powerful Bruce Lee-inspired offering - blending a very energetic chorus with softer, more melodic vocals in its verses.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Boyband BtoB's lead vocalist Sungjae goes solo in this EP which showcases his range with seven different tracks, including the hip hop Hypnotised with member Peniel and the more R&B sounding HMHN with another member Ilhoon.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Chungha, who first came to the public's attention as a skilled dancer, is proving to be a strong singer as well with Everybody Has - a ballad that explores the universal feelings of exhaustion, stress and inadequacy.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Give some love to the criminally underrated indie R&B talent PL, whose mellow, soulful voice soothes the ear.

His tracks are melodic and catchy and songs like Netflix in particular has an effortless sexiness that makes it perfect for repeat listening.

TELL ME TELL ME

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Japanese hip-hop group m-flo's latest single is a fun ride, with catchy raps that get faster with the song and a healthy dose of autotune to inject some vibrancy.

The song is a collaboration between soloists Eill and Taichi Mukai and South Korean rapper Sik-K.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Veteran Japanese group Yuzu retain their folksy roots in their new album and it shines through strongly in tracks like Hanasakumachi, which boasts old-school harmonisation and instrumentals.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

One can still hear the 44-year-old Japanese singer's signature youthful and almost innocent voice.

The breezy Aozora (Blue Sky), her latest single, has an optimistic sound with a fast-tempo chorus that will put a bounce into your steps.From CL to MAMAMOO, Jessi and AleXa, here are eight songs we’re going to have on repeat this International Women’s Day

This International Women’s Day we’ve curated a playlist featuring some of South Korea’s most badass women in music–rappers, vocalists and groups, rookies and legends alike. With most of the tracks written and/or produced by the artists themselves, they’re unapologetic in their celebration of female strength, independence, sexuality and drive, spanning a variety of genres including EDM, hip-hop and dream pop.

This badass pop star has never shied away from owning her confidence and sexuality. “Lip & Hip” is HyunA’s declaration to the world that she knows exactly who she is and doesn’t plan on letting society’s judgement eyes stop her from being herself. Often considered ‘too bold’ for a female idol, HyunA breaks the barriers society puts around women’s sexual freedom and bodily autonomy. The track is also a metaphor for puberty, sex and coming-of-age–all a healthy part of any adult’s life.

This deadly rapper is the definition of self-made who rose to the top thanks to unwavering faith in herself and “Who Dat B” is an outline of that journey. Jessi is wholly unapologetic as she brushes off hateful words and ‘scandals’, lifting herself by listing her accomplishments and holding her head high. The track also encourages the listener to stay strong, stop listening to haters and never give a damn about what people think: “I have no desire to adjust myself/To people I’m uncomfortable with, I’ll just be a bitch/TV, variety, ads, pictorials, album/Concerts, events, tours, I’m a busy body.”

Hailed as one of the most badass women in K-pop, rapper and singer CL made her much-awaited return to the scene last year with an EP titled In the Name of Love, consisting of nine confident and emotional tracks. Rumoured to be directed at her former label YG Entertaintment, “I Quit” is an anthem about the power of self-confidence and standing up for your own happiness. The track is built of simple bass guitar riffs to keep the focus on the lyrics, which state, “I am not yours, No/Gonna live my life my way/I quit/I’ve always been good without you/Who are you pointing fingers at/Thought you were better, but you’re cheap.” The video is equally simple and powerful with various dancers translating the lyrics into sign language.

Despite still being a rookie, AleXa has cemented her place in K-pop’s flourishing sphere with her unique concept and bold attitude. Her latest release “Do Or Die” is about never giving up and fighting to make your dreams come true. The music video is a visual feast of action, dynamic choreography and post-apocalyptic science fiction themes that aren’t common among female idols.

“Hip” celebrates the power of femininity while also pointing out how the media places an uncomfortably close lens on female celebrities, painting them in an unflattering light if they step out of the rules society sets for them. In the video the members of MAMAMOO take up jobs considered ‘unconventional’ for women (president, boxer, director, badass rockstar, etc) and ace their way through them, balancing more socially ‘acceptable’ roles like motherhood equally. The message is clear: They can do it all and don’t need anyone’s approval.

“Lalalay” is a carefully crafted commentary on the way today’s society revels in tearing women apart through vicious anonymous online comments and slander. Sunmi makes a clever play with the Korean title of the song “날라리 (Nallari)” which means ‘delinquent’ or ‘party animal,’ to say that even though that’s what people often call her, it does not bother her in the least. In fact in the video, many people who were shown to point fingers at her end up copying her, unable to get her out of their minds, showing it is hypocrisy and jealousy that led to their hateful behavior.

As we have previously mentioned in our list of 2019’s best K-pop music videos, (G)I-DLE’s music video for “Lion” is a victorious celebration of female power. The six members consider themselves lions as they embark on their mission to take the music industry by storm. Written by the group’s leader Soyeon, “Lion” is a warning, telling listeners to not make the mistake of underestimating (G)I-DLE because they plan on breaking the mold female artists are usually forced into; “I’ll bite off your useless courtesy/We tear down your suffocating prejudice/Who would dare to stop me Who would dare to control me/Careful, with my sharp claws/I create a new path no one has attempted before.”

Often considered the queen of Korean hip-hop, Yoon Mirae is a legendary rapper and singer-songwriter known for her honest and powerful lyricism. “KawiBawiBo” which refers to the game ‘rock, paper, scissors’ in Korean, is a metaphor for Yoonmirae’s role as an artist–to bring hip-hop’s three main principles peace, love and unity to the fore. She also celebrates the fact that she is a female artist who is able to do this, when most of the time women aren’t taken seriously in the music industry. “Peace, I’m a scissor, I’m all for peace/But if you rashly come at me, I’ll peacefully lay you down/Rock, raise our fists up, fists above the head/You undermine me cuz I’m a woman, I Mother Nature beat ya/Paper! Fan your hands, up and down/Now I’m gonna steal all the applause, terror.”The father of Kpop star Taeyeon has passed away on March 9.

Taeyeon is also the leader of girl group Girls' Generation (SNSD), which is on indefinite hiatus.

According to Soompi, Taeyeon's agency, SM Entertainment, confirmed the piece of news, and said that Taeyeon is currently preparing her father's funeral with her family.

The 31-year-old's birthday is also today (March 9).

While the singer was supposed to release a song called "Happy" to celebrate the occasion, the track's release has been postponed.

Here's a translation of the statement from SM Entertainment via Soompi:

"Hello. This is SM Entertainment. Taeyeon’s father has unfortunately passed away on March 9. May he rest in peace. Please send Taeyeon warm words of consolation. We inform you that the release of Taeyeon’s new single “Happy” and its music video that was scheduled for today will be postponed. We ask fans who were waiting for the new release for their understanding, and we will provide an announcement later regarding the plans for the song’s release."

Struggling with the loss of loved ones

The Kpop star has had a tough time in recent years, as she saw the loss of two close friends in the showbiz.

They are her juniors under the same label — Jonghyun from Shinee, and Sulli, who was previously from f(x).

Taeyeon has been fighting depression as well.

In June last year, Taeyeon also opened up to fans on her struggles with depression via her Instagram Stories.

She thanked fans for their support and promised to work hard to get better.

Taeyeon was originally scheduled to come to Singapore for a concert in February 2020, but the concert was postponed indefinitely due to the Covid-19 outbreak.K-pop made its debut Tuesday night in front of 62,581 fans at RodeoHouston. But the party started when it was announced in January.

Fans of NCT 127 went into overdrive and kept the conversation going for weeks on social media. Several hashtags — #NCT127atRodeoHouston, #NCT127RODEO #NCT127inHOU — were trending all day Tuesday on Twitter.

K-POP KICK: NCT 127 talks new album 'Neo Zone' and what they love about Houston

Popfancy Dessert Bar in Bellaire hosted a NCTzen Cafe from Saturday through Tuesday featuring custom desserts to represent each member. Business was brisk each day. The event was co-hosted by local K-pop store Eve Pink and K-pop event planner Snap2 Events.

Fans took it upon themselves to create giveaways for other NCTzens, the official fandom name, that were distributed Tuesday throughout rodeo grounds. Hundreds of them, dressed in neon, showed up for a “random dance play” between NRG Stadium and the Astrodome. Snippets of K-pop songs are played, and anyone who knows the official dance jumps in and struts their stuff.

This was more than a concert. This was a movement. Merch stands were quickly drained of many items. Some fans brought their own, from lightsticks to homemade signs professing love for individual members.

When the lights dimmed and the intro began, the screams hit glass-shattering levels. The guys took their positions on a bare stage, accompanied by prerecorded tracks and blasts of light. The hairstyles were great. The dancing was even better, a blend of intricate, stylized moves that allowed each member to shine.

“Cherry Bomb” and “Simon Says,” believe it or not, incorporate Houston’s classic screwed sound. “Regular” plays like a companion to Cardi B’s “I Like It” and boasts the best worst line ever: “I be walkin’ with the cheese, that’s that queso.”

Between songs, the guys were charming and gracious. They spoke frequently and let loose several cries of “Yeehaw!” throughout the show. Mark and Taeyong offered a “Howdy y’all” during the introductions. They all seemed to be having a lot of fun.

“So I heard it’s the first time at RodeoHouston that a K-pop group ever performed,” Johnny said amid a wall of screams. “Just to know that, to see our fans, our NCTzens out there really makes me very, very happy.”

They raced to each of the stage’s five star points during “Replay,” leading the crowd with green lightsticks. Every K-pop act has its own official LED light, and the stadium lit up like a rave. Fire Truck” was refashioned into a pounding EDM anthem. “Superhuman” mined an ‘80s sound. “Highway to Heaven” was a standout, a soaring pop anthem that should have been a huge radio hit.

This is pristine pop, delivered with kitsch and kick. NCT 127 has yet to hit the heights of BTS, but they deserve just as much success.

The group’s new album “Neo Zone” was released less than a week ago. Just one song, the hip-hop fueled “Kick It,” made the setlist. It was just enough to ensure a quick return to Houston.

Joey Guerra is the music critic for the Houston Chronicle. Follow him on Twitter. He will be covering every single RodeoHouston concert. Check our RODEO GUIDE for the best concerts, carnival food, rodeo competition and all things RodeoHouston.Yiren of Everglow is the K-pop girl group’s only Chinese member, and according to her label, the cutest.SINGAPORE - Late K-pop idol Sulli's pet cat Goblin - a hairless Sphynx cat - is now in the care of actress Kim Sun-ah, who is also known as Nam Kyung (Can Love Be Refunded, 2019).

The 25-year-old, who was a friend of Sulli's, posted photographs of Goblin on Instagram on Friday (March 13).

According to K-pop news site Soompi, she wrote in Korean: "I don't know how to say this... I didn't have the confidence to take care of Goblin right away. It broke my heart to see him. I asked the really busy Heechul oppa (Korean for big brother) if he could take care of him and he did not hesitate. He took him immediately and even gave him a health check-up.

"I'm really grateful to him. He's such an amazing person. It's been awhile since I took him home but he's too lovable and adorable for just me to see, so let us all look at him. I love you, Goblin."

Sulli, a former member of girl group f(x), died last October in what is widely believed to be a suicide. The 25-year-old singer, whose real name was Choi Jin-ri, had been the target of cyberbullies and had previously shared about her mental health struggles.

Her cat Goblin frequently appeared in her Instagram posts and stories.

Boy band Super Junior's Heechul, Sulli's senior at K-pop label SM Entertainment, temporarily took Goblin in after her death. He showed the cat with him in a YouTube live broadcast last December.

Back then, Heechul said that he kept crying every time he looked at Goblin but that the cat came up to him every time he cried, pointing its butt to his nose and making him laugh.If it’s K-Pop that has been getting you through these days of quarantine, here is a way to add some entertainment to your daily at-home routine. K-Pop legends, BTS, have launched a web series titled Learn Korean that’s meant to help people understand the lyrics of their music better. We checked it out and although it’s a cool new way to get closer to the ‘BTS Army’, don’t expect to be fluent in Korean by the end of it.

You can stream the web series on the Weverse app and access all the episodes for free. As of 24th March, there are three episodes out, each about three minutes long. Over the course of the next few weeks, there will be a total of 30 episodes released focussing on Korean grammar and expressions.

The lesson plans have been developed by researchers at the Korean Language Content Institute and Professor Heo Yong of the Department of Korean Education at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies. The point of releasing the web series is to help fans across the world understand the lyrics of their songs better (which are written in Korean). The episodes feature each of the BTS members saying common Korean phrases. Unfortunately, although the concept seems wonderful, it’s a little hard to keep up if you have absolutely no prior knowledge of Korean.

BTS has cancelled all their concerts this month due to concerns regarding the coronavirus but if you’re missing your favourite K-pop stars, it’s a fun way to mingle with the ‘army’ on the app. Just don’t expect to learn much Korean from it.KUALA LUMPUR, March 4 — Fans of K-pop star Nayeon from Twice have raised the alarm after an audio recording sounding like a German fan who had been stalking her for months surfaced.

In the recording, which is widely shared on social media, a man can be heard saying that Nayeon might die soon if she keeps ignoring him.

The audio clip lasting 45 seconds posted by Twitter user @BOLSeuu, came with rallying call for fellow fans to report the matter.

The user also tagged the alleged stalker in question @YoshTG.

Fans quickly called for proper protection for Nayeon and action against the stalker.

In his one of his latest tweets, Josh begged the people to tell Nayeon about him, pleading, “please tell nayeon about it. im really suffering. i am serious. please tell her to contact me.”

While he has not addressed the allegation surrounding the recording, his last tweet said, “i hope everyone realizes the extreme seriousness of the situation.”

It was previously reported that the group's agency JYP Entertainment had filed criminal charges and a restraining order against Josh.

He had followed Nayeon onto a Seoul-bound flight from Japan on New Year’s Day where he attempted to pass gifts and letters to the 24-year-old.

When Twice’s managers stepped in to prevent him from approaching the singer, Josh reportedly tried to force his way through and screamed “Saranghae (I love you)” to Nayeon.

Since then, he has confessed on social media to scoping out places that Nayeon frequents and has asked staff members working at those locations to pass his gifts to her.

Josh has also accused JYP Entertainment of “silencing” Nayeon and that the company “deserves no further attention” from him.K-pop star Lucas was a member of boy bands NCT and WayV before joining K-pop supergroup SuperM last year.Luna, a former member of South Korean girl group f(x), is grateful for the support she received from fans after she appeared in South Korean television company MBC's Human Documentary: People Are Good, a series featuring people and their stories.

The 26-year-old singer debuted alongside f(x) bandmates Victoria, Amber, Krystal and Sulli in 2009 under SM Entertainment and left the company after her contract expired last year. She is currently active as a solo singer and a musical actress.

According to K-pop news site Soompi, in the episode which aired on Tuesday, Luna opened up about her grieving over the loss of Sulli, 25, who was found dead in her Seoul apartment in October last year, as well as a close friend, who died shortly after Sulli.

Sulli's death had been linked to depression caused by cyber bullying, and put the spotlight on the need for more stringent measures against cyber bullying.

Luna also spoke about her own mental health, revealing that she suffers from depression and panic disorder.

"(In the past), my condition was really bad - it was really hard," the singer said.

"It may not have looked like it, but I had severe panic attacks - I couldn't even get in the car. As soon as I got in, my hands and feet would start shaking. I couldn't talk and it felt like I was going crazy. I was too frightened to get in the car."

She had been anxious about the reactions she would receive by opening up about such sensitive topics and was expecting a backlash. Instead, fans showered her with love and support.

"The first thought that came to mind was that I should work even harder," Luna said. "That I should remember that I have fans at my side supporting me, and that I should show them how grateful I am for them. Now, I'll truthfully express myself through music. I will become a singer who expresses her heartbreak and her joy - all those different emotions - through my songs," she added.Winner’s Jinu announced that he will be fulfilling his mandatory military duties in a handwritten letter to fans.

On Friday, the singer shared the news on the group’s official fan club site, stating that he’ll be enlisting on April 2. After four weeks of basic training, the K-Pop singer will carry out his obligatory duty as a public service worker, YG Entertainment confirmed.

Born in 1991 as Kim Jin-woo, he is the oldest and first member from Winner to officially enlist in South Korea’s military.

YG Entertainment’s artist made the announcement a day after dropping pre-release track ‘Hold’ off of forthcoming third full-length album, ‘Remember’ — which is slated to drop on April 9 — and its humorous music video starring YG Entertainment labelmate, singer Suhyun.

The song ranked in the top 10 on the iTunes all-genre chart and topped the K-Pop songs chart in the UAE.

The vocalist made his formal debut as a member of Winner in 2014. Apart from the group’s activities, the singer released his debut single album ‘Jinu’s Heyday’ as a soloist last year.The K-pop boyband had been slated to make their comeback performance at the famed festival, which has now been pushed to October. It's unclear whether they can make the new dates of Oct 9 – 11 and Oct 16 – 18.

K-pop boyband BIGBANG was expected to make their comeback in April at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, but it looks like fans will be left disappointed as the event has now been postponed to October. 



The festival in the Southern California desert has been pushed back because of concerns over the coronavirus spread, organiser Goldenvoice said on Tuesday (Mar 10).

They released this statement: "While this decision comes at a time of universal uncertainty, we take the safety and health of our guests, staff and community very seriously. We urge everyone to follow the guidelines and protocols put forth by public health officials."

The festival had been slated to take place over two weekends (Apr 10 – 12 and Apr 17 – 19) and BIGBANG was to have performed on Apr 10 and Apr 17.

The group announced the performance in January and the show was to have been their first public performance since its members began enlisting in military service in 2017, and since Seungri left because of a scandal. It's unclear whether they can make the new dates of Oct 9 – 11 and Oct 16 – 18.

BIGBANG members G-Dragon, Taeyang, TOP and Daesung recently renewed their contract with YG Entertainment, reported Soompi. The announcement, made by the label on Wednesday, will mark the group’s third renewal with the company since their debut in 2006.

Coachella is one of the biggest music festivals in the world, bringing some 500,000 fans to an open-air site in Indio, east of Los Angeles, over two weekends. The line-up this year includes headliners Frank Ocean, Travis Scott and Rage Against The Machine.The crowd watch on as Ateez perform on stage at O2 Kentish Town Forum on April 3, 2019 in London.K-pop boy band BTS sent out a message of encouragement for South Koreans Monday as the country struggles to stem the spread of COVID-19.



The video message was uploaded on BTS' official YouTube account and its "Love Myself" campaign account on Twitter, in response to a request by a group of nurse officers at the Korea Armed Forces Nursing Academy.



"Taking the stage of an empty auditorium, we are acutely feeling how meaningful it was to breathe with you in the same space," member Jin said in the video.



Member Jimin said "we are connected closely enough to share sufferings as well as joy ... If you have courage and will to overcome any difficulties, the power of connectivity could help us overcome this time of difficulties." 



Member Jungkoook said "Now is the time that we need trust rather than anxieties, and consolation rather than rage," adding that BTS will join hands in fighting the pandemic.



Team leader RM said the band will do the best it can while waiting for things to return to normal. V hoped that "the moment we can share music and joys with you could come quickly."



J-Hope expressed special thanks to local medical workers at the center of the coronavirus fight before all the seven members joined hands and shouted "cheer up Republic of Korea." 



The band named Son Heung-min, a South Korean football star active in the English Premier League, as the next person to carry the relay cheering campaign. (Yonhap)Se remémorant sa longue carrière dans la K-pop en tant que membre d'Exo, il a déclaré que «je suis excité mais aussi sous pression pour sortir la musique que je voulais faire (personnellement), et avoir ma propre voix pour la première fois.»Stray Kids have cancelled their 2020 Europe tour amid the ongoing global coronavirus outbreak.

The boy group were due to perform in Madrid, Berlin, London, Brussels, Paris and Moscow in May.

The K-pop stars would have played at London’s Wembley Arena on 17 May as part of their District 9: Unlock in Europe tour.

Their agency JYP Entertainment released a statement on Tuesday apologising to the fandom, called Stay, for the cancellations.

In a notice written in Korean and English, JYPE said: ‘Stray Kids World Tour “District 9: Unlock in EUROPE scheduled for May, 2020 at Madrid, Berlin, London, Brussels, Paris, Moscow has unfortunately been cancelled due to the recent proliferation of the COVID-19.

‘We ask for your understanding as this decision has been made in consideration for the safety of the artists and the audience.

‘We sincerely apologise to all fans who anticipated Stray Kids’ concert’.

Stray Kids were put together on a survival show and debuted in 2018 with nine members – Woojin, Bang Chan, Lee Know, Hyunjin, Changbin, Han, Seungmin, Felix and I.N. They went on to release tracks such as MIROH, My Pace and Double Knot.

Last year Woojin left the group for personal reasons.

Recently K-pop groups Seventeen and AB6IX also axed their tours in Europe.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Chris Hemsworth is all about safety first as he helmets up to take kids for a bike ride in Byron Bay

MORE : Daniel Radcliffe is terrible at spending his ‘$110m’ Harry Potter fortune and our hearts are bleedingThe nth room sex scandal has rocked South Korea as at least 74 women including 16 underage girls were tricked and blackmailed into sharing sexual images of themselves on Telegram. The sex crime suspect? A 24 year old orphanage volunteer, Cho Ju-bin, or better known as “doctor” or “baksa” on the encrypted messaging platform.

Cho has his identity revealed following public uproar over the case, with millions of people signing the petition to expose him. He’s accused of sharing sexual content across different Telegram chat rooms and receiving payment in cryptocurrency, amassing 260,000 users in the process.

According to Quartz, customers paid up to US$1,200 to access Telegram’s nth room chat groups, where extorted content from underage girls was uploaded. To gain access to these chat rooms, customers had to first “prove” themselves in a separate channel by uploading their own sexual abuse videos and images.

The Korea Cyber Sexual Violence Response Center also added it has found at least 260,000 users in 56 chat rooms where they shared extorted content, along with spy-cam images or photos of women. Some of the content was created by the users themselves, and included deep fake pornography.

The chat room operators preyed on runaway teenagers who were active on chat apps or Twitter and engaged in prostitution or sexting for cash. They would then contact the girls through those accounts, with the promise of quick and high-paying modelling or escort gigs.

Next, the girls were directed to a Telegram account where the abuser slowly extracted their details, including names, phone numbers, addresses and exposed photos which were later used to blackmail them into filming sexual content.

South Korea’s issue with sex crimes is related to the K-pop industry, with the Burning Sun scandal being the main focus. The exposed sex crime saw Big Bang’s former member Seungri being indicted on prostitution charges.

K-pop’s notorious toxic masculinity problem was also related to the deaths of female artistes Sulli, 25, and Goo Hara, 28, with the latter’s ex-partner being accused of filming their intimate moments without her knowledge along with allegations of abuse.

Telegram’s nth room sex scandal only serves as a reminder to the challenge faced by government officials to put an end to this growing concern. The Minister for Gender Equality Lee Jung-ok has vowed to revise the laws governing sex crimes including online grooming and the blackmail of children and teenagers."AleXa is so much stronger than expected of a rookie, making it possible for her to compete in the U.S. market," says ICM Partners' Jon Pleeter.

After making her official debut on the K-pop scene just five months ago -- and landing her first Billboard chart hit -- AleXa is linking up with a major U.S. partnership.

The rising solo star who was introduced with a powerful cyborg-rebel-diva persona on first single "Bomb" has signed with ICM Partners, Billboard can exclusively reveal today (March 3).

The agency's primary priority for the 23-year-old Oklahoma native and former Produce 48 competitor will be assisting in her crossover to the U.S. market not only as a singer, but in areas like TV, movies, festivals and more. ICM is home to fellow international names like Nicki Minaj, Khalid, Kehlani and Yuna.K-pop dominates what foreigners know of the South Korean music scene, obscuring the large portion of the Korean population that is hugely interested in foreign artists. The influx of Western artists to South Korea over the past decade, however, showcases the demand among Korean audiences to bring foreign talent to Seoul.

This domestic demand has been fueled by increasingly globalized access to music worldwide. In 2017, over 75 percent of Korean music consumers used music streaming services. MelOn (멜론), the most popular streaming service in South Korea, has over 28 million users. Considering MelOn typically requires a Korean iTunes account to register, over half of South Korea’s total population of 51 million may be using a single music streaming platform. The marked rise in music streaming services in South Korea has undoubtedly contributed to domestic demand for foreign artists as Koreans with paid monthly subscriptions have unlimited access to international music options.

Bringing foreign artists to South Korea was in the past largely hindered by the country’s underdeveloped concert industry, which has gone through qualitative and quantitative growth in the last decade. This rapid growth serves as an indicator of the evolution and globalization of the Korean concert industry, now capable of staging shows on par with other international venues. South Korea’s rapid progress in this industry has made Seoul a more regular stopover for Western artists on tour, joining the ranks of other staple Asian cities, including Tokyo, Beijing, and Bangkok.

From 2011 to 2016, the number of live music performances in South Korea increased by over 1,400 percent, from around 750 performances to 11,755 performances, amounting to ticket sales over 427 billion South Korea won ($350 million). More so than any other large-scale concert, the Hyundai Card Super Concert series serves as an example of the development of this sector of the Korean music industry. What began with audiences of 13,000 at Super Concert’s 2007 debut has now grown to audiences of 100,000, as seen in back-to-back Coldplay performances in 2017.

At the time of Super Concert’s inception in 2007, large-scale concerts were unheard of in South Korea. The capabilities needed to put on an event of that magnitude — including extraordinary stage setup and advanced organizational structure — simply didn’t exist. The Super Concert series thus began as part of a Hyundai Card cultural marketing campaign, with the aim to attract foreign artists to South Korea that conventional entertainment agencies were unable to entice due to smaller budgets and lack of name recognition.

Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month.

As a result, the Hyundai Card Super Concert series brought some of the world’s largest artists to South Korea for the first time. This lineup has included Beyoncé (2007), Billy Joel (2008), Green Day (2010), Stevie Wonder (2010), Usher (2010), Eminem (2012), Lady Gaga (2012), Paul McCartney (2015), Coldplay (2017), Kendrick Lamar (2018), Sam Smith (2018) and most recently Queen (2020). Other artists came to Korea not only as first-timers, but to celebrate other major career milestones, such as Whitney Houston breaking a 10-year hiatus in 2010 at the Super Concert series.

Attracting foreign artists to South Korea, however, goes far beyond simply flying them to Seoul. The Super Concert series aims to properly introduce artists to the country, and has resulted in many returning for their own tours. The Super Concert series shows artists around Seoul to experience Korean food, history, and society. It has also included providing artists with gifts based in Korean history.

In the case of Queen, Hyundai Card put on a birthday banquet reminiscent of those offered to Korean royalty during the Joseon Dynasty to celebrate the band’s 50th birthday. Queen was also given Gonnyongpo, embroidered robes used by dynastic royalty for everyday affairs, with a dragon and queen’s logo.

For Sam Smith’s 2018 appearance, Hyundai Card threw an Instagram event to give him a Korean name. Among hundreds of suggestions, “Shim Hi-su” — which sounds similar to his original name — was chosen, and Hyundai Card gave him a traditional picture scroll and an artisan paper fan engraved with his Korean name.

Other big names in music, including the 2019 and 2020 Grammy Award winners for Best New Artist, Dua Lipa and Billie Eilish, have included Seoul as a pitstop on their own international tours. Dua Lipa has further entrenched herself in the Korean music industry by performing at the 2019 Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA), joining K-pop idol Hwasa from Mamamoo in a live performance, and most recently, releasing a remix of a song from her new album, Physical. What may have begun as bringing Western artists to South Korea is now transitioning to Western artists looking to collaborate with Korean artists to stay relevant to both Asian and Western audiences.

In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, mass gatherings like concerts have been widely banned across the world. The January 2020 edition of the Super Concert series was held on January 18-19, just before the first case of COVID-19 was detected in South Korea on January 23. Looking forward, the future for mass gatherings remains uncertain as countries struggle to contain the expected second wave of the virus. Among its peers, South Korea remains exemplary for how it has handled the crisis. But whether foreign artists will feel comfortable to return to East Asia following the eventual conclusion of COVID-19 has yet to be seen.DUBAI: Organizers of Super Concert, which would have featured top K-pop groups Super Junior, RGP, NCT 127, Laboum and Junset, have postponed the event scheduled on March 20 amid global coronavirus concerns.

The decision was made “in line with the international measures being taken to ensure the public’s health and safety,” organizers at Coca-Cola Arena, where the event was supposed to take place, tweeted.

Ticket holders will receive a full refund from their point of purchase. “Please allow for 10 working days for the refund to reach your account before contacting your point of purchase,” they added.

The rescheduled date is yet to be announced.PETALING JAYA, March 24 — South Korean entertainment agency SM Entertainment sparked outrage recently when they announced the sale of five face masks for US$30 (RM133) each.

The South Korean agency, which manages K-pop bigwigs like boybands EXO and NCT 127, advertised the KN95 masks on their global merchandise store’s Twitter account @SMGlobalShop this morning and called on their followers to “stay healthy and protect (themselves) from the coronavirus”.

The post quickly garnered backlash from K-pop fans who pointed out the inflated prices and accused the company of profiteering off a global health crisis in the Covid-19 pandemic

At US$30 for a pack of five, each mask costs US$6 (RM26.60) each, a massive hike from the average price in South Korea.

The Korea Herald reported that face masks sold at pharmacies, post offices, and stores operated by National Agriculture Cooperative Federation (NongHyup) cost only US$1.27 (RM5.60) each.

SM Entertainment responded to the criticism shortly after their original tweet was published and defended the sale of the face masks, adding that they had donated face masks to staff at the Los Angeles Children’s Hospital as well.

“(We) are selling very limited quantities for people who don’t have masks yet.

“This is about caring for people and helping our society. We are really sorry to everyone who felt uncomfortable.

“Stay safe all and pray for all children,” read the tweet.

Despite stating that the masks were still for sale, the link to the product is no longer active.

While many users agreed that donating face masks to the children’s hospital was a noble gesture, others said that SM Entertainment should have prioritised making donations rather than making money.Yeonjun of Tomorrow X Together K-pop group took 10 minutes to become the top trending topic on Twitter. Photo: HandoutMANILA, Philippines — K-pop star Chung Ha was placed in self-quarantine when members of her staff tested positive after visiting Italy last month, Yonhap news agency reported. The singer tested negative.

According to a statement released by her agency, MNH Entertainment, the 24-year-old singer tested negative to the virus but her companions were found to be positive.

One of them showed signs of fever upon returning to South Korea, while the other was found to be a confirmed case upon testing.

"Chung Ha and the rest of the staff will go into self-isolation as requested by Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention," the statement said.

"For the sake of safety, all scheduled activities have been cancelled for the time being, and we will continue to take the best possible measures and deal with (the virus) faithfully," it added.

Chung Ha is a former member of the girl group I.O.I. and became popular for the songs "Snapping" and "Roller Coaster."

Reports said that 34 people died in Italy due to the novel coronavirus while there are 3,736 confirmed cases in South Korea.

South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Sunday the government was waging "all-out responses" to contain the novel coronavirus as the country added 586 more cases, taking the total to 3,736.

South Korea has the largest national total in the world outside China, after it saw a rapid surge in the number of coronavirus cases in recent days.

Scores of events have been cancelled or postponed over the contagion, while the country's central bank has warned of a minus growth in the first quarter for the world's 12th-largest economy, noting the epidemic will hit both consumption and exports.

"The government is now waging all-out responses after raising the crisis alert to the highest level," Moon said at an Independence Movement Day ceremony, scaled down due to the outbreak.

"We will be able to overcome the COVID-19 outbreak and revive our shrunken economy," he added.

Samsung Electronics suspended operations at its domestic smartphone plant in Gumi -- 200 kilometres (210 miles) southeast of Seoul -- on Saturday for the second time in a week, after a third employee tested positive for the virus.

Auto giant Hyundai Motor also stopped operations at one of its Ulsan plants after an employee tested positive for the coronavirus.

Concerts by K-pop superstars BTS and the World Team Table Tennis Championships were among cancelled events, while sports leagues have modified their seasons to contain the virus.

Nearly 90 percent of the cases were in Daegu, the center of the country's outbreak, and neighboring North Gyeongsang province, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a statement.

The country reported one more death Sunday, taking the total death toll to 18.

South Korea has an advanced health system and a free media, factors observers say improve the reliability of its statistics, with the numbers expected to rise as it checks more than 260,000 people associated with the Shincheonji Church of Jesus.

A 61-year-old female member developed a fever on February 10, but attended at least four church services in Daegu -- the country's fourth-largest city with a population of 2.5 million -- before being diagnosed.

Around 60 percent of the cases were linked to the entity, the KCDC said.

"Until now, the COVID-19 outbreak in the country has been excessively led by a specific group," said KCDC vice director Kwon Jun-wook.

Shincheonji apologized Sunday on behalf of its members who had kept their religion secret, adding: "It will be hard for our devotees to reveal their identity when political leaders... are recklessly criticising Shincheonji as the epicentre."

Daegu has filed a police complaint against the local branch of the sect for submitting an incomplete list of its members, while other provincial governments have warned of taking similar action.

The city's streets have been largely deserted for days, aside from long queues at the few shops with masks for sale, with authorities urging the public to exercise caution.

"The best way to prevent the COVID-19 is for the citizens to refrain from going outside," said Daegu mayor Kwon Young-jin.

But officials say they are not considering a citywide quarantine similar to Wuhan's lockdown, where the virus first emerged.

The new school term start has been delayed one week nationwide and three weeks in Daegu, while the US and South Korean militaries have postponed forthcoming joint exercises. — Reports from Agence France-Presse in South KoreaDespite the influx of headlines, BIGBANG was a surprise inclusion on the Coachella 2020 lineup, following in the footsteps of their younger labelmates BLACKPINK with their name high on the poster, indicating an ideal time slot for what was assumed to be their first performance in years. The booking was a savvy piece of marketing for BIGBANG, seasoned performers who have played multiple arena tours in America and could parlay the inevitable international response from the festival into growing anticipation for their K-pop comeback -- and likely shush the harsh local media and comment culture in Korea.

With the performance on hold, BIGBANG’s future quickly became uncertain, especially after T.O.P commented on social media that he had no plans to return to show business.

But sources close to YG Entertainment tell Billboard that BIGBANG are working on a new album this year as a quartet, putting to rest worries that this was a farewell stage for the group or that new music would be dependent on the response to the performance. Also helping push BIGBANG forward is news that all four stars re-signed their contracts with YG, marking the third round of successful negotiations after the band renewed in 2011 and 2015.

While sources say it’s too early to know if BIGBANG will play the newly rescheduled October dates for Coachella, all signs point toward 2020 marking renewed activity from the band. But instead of using the Indio, Calif., festival for their comeback performance or to premiere new music, BIGBANG will likely need to think up another exciting way to drum up excitement for the release or go through traditional release methods. The guys could also take a page from BLACKPINK -- who released their Kill This Love EP just a week ahead of the festival -- and deliver their new music to the huge audience in October.Dua Lipa is stepping back into the world of K-pop with another girl group collaboration.

The star will team up MAMAMOO singer Hwa Sa for a new version of one of her latest releases.

The ladies will be bringing a remix of her song Physical which drops on 17 March.

The track will see Dua Lipa and Hwa Sa sing in English while new lyrics in Korean have also been included.

Physical comes from the singer’s Future Nostalgia album which dropped in January.

The New Rules singer has previously teamed up with K-pop girl group BLACKPINK on the song Kiss and Make Up.

Given Hwa Sa’s electric features on songs like Ddang with Suran and Don’t with Loco, fans already know Physical is going to be a banger.

The official announcement came after fans had speculated about the duet in online forums when Hwa Sa was credited as a featured artist on Physical on streaming platforms.

The pop stars crossed paths at the 2019 Mnet Asian Music Awards where Hwa Sa covered New Rules before Dua Lipa took to the stage for Don’t Start Now. She was also given a MAMA trophy for international favourite artist.

Meanwhile the K-pop star has previously sung solo tracks Twit, I Do Me and In The Fall.

MAMAMOO, which debuted in 2014 under RBW Entertainment, is made up of Hwa Sa, Solar, Moonbyul and Wheein.

Some of their best known tracks include HIP, Gogobebe, Wind Flower and Taller Than You.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Lady Gaga didn’t want to let Stupid Love leak stop her from turning single into an ‘art piece’

MORE : Call Of Duty: Warzone now has over 15 million playersJay from iKon. Don’t let his youthful face fool you – the powerful singer is the band’s oldest member.K-pop idol Kang Daniel shocked the media last December when he announced he would be going into a temporary hiatus to seek treatment for depression and panic disorder.

After taking three months to recover through psychotherapy and medication, it seems the winner of Mnet's 2017 edition of the Produce 101 reality competition is ready to return to the spotlight, with a comeback scheduled this month.

On Wednesday, the 23-year-old singer posted a photo of a recording mic on Instagram, after earlier deleting all posts on his account. It was accompanied with a short but powerful caption which read: "Recording complete."

The post has since gotten more than 500 000 "likes".

Last year was a turbulent year for the young star. After going through a stressful legal dispute with his previous entertainment agency and dealing with fans' outcry over news that Kang was dating girl group Twice's leader Park Ji-hyo, the singer took to social media to voice his distress, ending one caption saying: "Someone, Please Save Me."

Read also: K-pop artists Kang Daniel and Park Ji-hyo are dating

In September last year, management agency Konnect Entertainment, which was established by Kang, even released a statement warning netizens that malicious comments would be reported to Seoul Gangnam Police District's Cyber Investigations Unit.

Following his first post, Kang has since been sharing lighthearted snippets of his life on Instagram, including a well received video of him dancing to Antisocial by Travis Scott and Ed Sheeran.Rapper LE has left her agency Banana Culture, becoming the last member of girl group EXID to do so.

The K-pop star explained she has ‘terminated’ her contract with the label and was looking forward to a ‘new start’.

In a message on her Instagram, LE said: ‘I terminated my contract with Banana Culture, the company I have been with, following amicable discussion.

‘I will continue to greet you with a positive impression and good music, so please show lots of support for my new start.’

Members Hani and Jeonghwa left back in May 2019 when they chose not to renew their contracts with Banana Culture. Hyelin left in January this year followed by Solji in February. She later went on to sign with C-JeS Entertainment.

In 2018 the girl group promoted without Solji as she underwent orbital decompression surgery.

The singer had part of the walls of her eye socket removed following complications due to hyperthyroidism, which she was diagnosed with in 2016.

Meanwhile Hani has gone on to act, appearing in K-drama XX has a vengeful bartender called Yoon Nana.

Speaking about the role to Hong Kong magazine #legend, she said: ‘I’m really having so much fun in this new line of work.

‘I’m shocked by how much fun I’m having. I want to continue this line of work for a long time.’

EXID debuted in 2012 under AB Entertainment before moving to Banana Culture four years later.

Known for their sophisticated and slinky image, their most popular hits include UP&DOWN, DDD, Hot Pink and I Love You.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : WWE pre-taping WrestleMania 36 before Orange County lockdown this week

MORE : Peter Andre reveals wife Emily staying in separate room to protect family amid coronavirus crisisThis post was created by a member of the BuzzFeed Community. You can join and make your own posts and quizzes.Members of University of Maryland K-pop dance group G-Girls and the Wasabi Boyz practice for a competition. (Julia Nikhinson/The Diamondback)

University of Maryland senior Patty Pelingon’s laptop is covered in stickers. There’s one for the Mighty Sound of Maryland, a Testudo shell and the national flag of the Philippines.

But in their midst are other emblems that fewer people would recognize at first glance: a young man holding a mug and making a funny face, an artistic drawing of a flower. If you know, you know. And if you don’t, you don’t.

These stickers are references to the Korean pop band BTS — and Pelingon is a big fan. But she chose these stickers because they wouldn’t easily out her as a K-pop lover.

“I still find myself hesitant to admit it in certain contexts. Like, some classes will tell you, ‘Oh, share a fun fact about yourself,'” said Pelingon, an anthropology and biology major. “That will never be my [fun fact].”

Over the last few years, K-pop has spread around the world, fueled by boy and girl bands with coordinated dance routines. But all the while, both at this university and across the U.S., the genre’s sometimes-cutesy, sometimes-flashy style has drawn some derision.

To read the full story, click here.While piercings are definitely not a new trend, 2020 seems to be the year to experiment with new sparkly additions. From the regular ear ones to facial pieces, belly buttons, and more, we’ve seen idols pull off the trend amazingly for years now, serving as inspo for those times when we can’t help but wonder if a new piercing is a next step in our lives. No matter the kind, or if it’s an actual piercing or just there for a momentary aesthetic, here are some of our absolute fave ones idols have pulled off throughout the years.

March 2020 will be forever remembered as the month we all discovered NCT 127’s Yuta got a belly button piercing, and we all just lost it. It’s an amazing addition to their latest comeback’s aesthetic we will be forever thankful for. Besides that one, he’s always shown a fascination for multiple ear piercings, reason why it would not be weird if he surprised us with a new facial or body piercing in the future.

JB’s cheek piercing was a trending topic all over the world back in the day when he showed up in public revealing to all of us he’d decided to try a new little thing. While the piercing didn’t last long, it was without a doubt an iconic moment for idols’ fashion history.

Leaving all the other reasons why Amber is just one of the coolest people in the world on the side, her piercings are for sure a signature of her style, and we love to see how she tries new styles and shapes with time.

A self-assumed fan of ear piercings. Hongjoong has tried all types, lengths, colors, and shapes of earrings. He’s declared he’d love to get more in the future, and while for now, we’ve only seen them on his ear, we can’t wait to see what the future holds for this piercings lover. Some suggest a tongue piercing could be an option?

An iconic set of piercings without a doubt. Bobby’s brow and ear piercings set is one of his signatures, and to be honest, it’s hard to picture him without them at this point. From shiny, statement ones to minimal shapes and colors, he’s tried them all and has made his mark in fashion thanks to it.

Ten’s piercings are as elegant and eclectic as he is. While his earring game is on the minimal side, he manages to match them to perfection to each and every one of his outfits, bringing a little extra spark to his looks by choosing the perfect piercing match.

Another iconic belly button piercing that will remain in K-pop’s fashion history. LE’s piercing was the reason many girls — and boys — back then decided it was time for them to try the trend too, and we have LE to thank for that.

Another idol whose set of ear-brow piercings became an icon, I.M himself has declared his love for metallic accents both on his clothes and in the form of piercings, and we’re almost positive we’ll see him experimenting even more in the future with new pierced additions.

While not a real piercing, V’s lip hoop was the talk of the town when these promotional photos saw the light of day. V is always playing with his earring sets, trying new shapes and colors constantly as an addition to his already super stylish looks, and who knows, maybe in the future, the faux-piercing could become a reality. We’re definitely ready for it.

There are tons of idol’s piercings out there we love that sure became an inspiration for many to get some part of their bodies pierced. What’s your favorite one? Which idol would you love to see get a piercing in the future? Let us know in the comments!

Caromalis is a K-pop, K-fashion, and K-beauty obsessed content creator and writer. You can find her interviewing some of your (and her) favorite groups when they visit NYC, trying the latest K-beauty trends or testing idols’ skincare routines. Say hi to Caro on Instagram and Twitter!SEOUL (Reuters) - From tutorials on how to wear makeup with a face mask, to hats that incorporate a protective plastic face shield, South Koreans are seeking to make sure the coronavirus outbreak doesn’t damage their reputation for style.

In one video that has gathered tens of thousands of views, 29-year-old beauty YouTuber SSUNZY gives tips for applying makeup in a way that looks good under a mask.

“It’s very, very unfortunate that a mask hides your face,” she says in the video. “You can’t show off your charm. I’m going to do makeup that makes your face look good even when you’re wearing a mask.”

SSUNZY recommends that viewers use more moisturizer, and stick to more natural shades rather than heavy colouring. A hydrating foundation, for example, makes it easier to touch up makeup after removing a mask, she said.

Those practices seem to be popular, with sales of more colourful cosmetics falling while sales of skincare products have increased

“We saw an increase in skincare product sales during the month of March compared to the previous month,” said Amorepacific Group, South Korea’s largest cosmetics powerhouse. “Anti-aging products show the most stable sales.”

The ubiquitousness of face masks has made them an everyday fashion item for South Koreans, with K-pop music stars helping spread their popularity.

“The public has become more comfortable with them as a countermeasure (to coronavirus) because G-Dragon wears them, BTS wears them, everybody wears them, so why can’t I wear them?” Korean fashion designer Park Youn-hee, who often works with K-pop idols including BTS and Girls’ Generation, said at her showroom in Seoul while suggesting a fashion style that fits for a face mask. “To us, and to K-fashion, the mask is a signature item.”

Like many countries, South Korea has faced shortages of face masks. The government has imposed a rationing system to limit the number of masks each person can buy each week and placed export restrictions on masks. In response, some South Koreans have turned to other ways of combining protection and fashion. One item seen for sale in shops and online are hats with a clear plastic face shield.

People of all ages have been seen wearing the hat in Daegu, the centre of South Korea’s coronavirus outbreak.

“It goes well with all casual clothing,” Park said of the hats. South Korea has reported over 8,500 confirmed cases of coronavirus.

Park said people should embrace some of the anonymity provided by masks and push the boundaries of their personal style.

“I think a mask is an item that can give you confidence since people don’t recognise you clearly,” she said. “Try bold colours and different looks.”Amber Liu, the former K-pop member from the girl group, f(x), opened up in-depth interview about the past year and the suicides of K-pop idols. 



Liu, born and raised in Los Angeles, sat down with People magazine and shared about her direct experience in the Korean pop industry. Liu moved to South Korea in 2008 and began a grinding schedule of training at SM Entertainment's training school. Later in 2009, the band f(x) was formed with Amber and members, Victoria, Luna, Krystal, and Sulli. 



Although their schedule was demanding, the report from People suggests, Liu shared she could not speak openly about her feeling. 



"Of course I'm going to post happy things on social media," Liu said to People. "Because if I post that I'm depressed, nobody's going to want to see that."



Liu later said that they back to back schedule of work had her "going on fumes" at the height of f(x)'s fame. 



Liu also talked about her reaction to hearing the news of bandmate, Sulli's death by suicide at age 25. 



"It was just so hard," Liu said. "I felt really angry. I was angry at myself, too, because Sulli and I talked a few weeks before. It's like, 'Man, if I just sent another text, what could have happened?'"



Sulli had been the subject of online trolling particularly for her outspoken feminist views. She was also known for going publicly without wearing a bra. Although Liu pointed out that Sulli was not the type of person to let the public opinion overwhelm her, one of Sulli's last Instagram videos featured her telling her followers that she is not a bad person. 



"We grew up learning that sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me, but words do hurt," Liu says. "They physically can hurt."



In 2019, the K-pop industry experienced several suicides of young idols, including Sulli's friend, Goo Hara from the band Kara, just one month atfer Sulli's death. Actor and singer, Cha In Ha, was also found dead in his apartment just days after Goo Hara's death. Cha's death, however, was not yet confirmed as a suicide. 



Liu admits she is still in the healing process to overcome the pain of the past. She told People that she is now in therapy to take care of her mental health. 



The future is bright for Liu who is now a solo artist just coming off of her "X" tour.

© 2020 Korea Portal, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.Answering to society’s standards can be so exhausting, especially because it takes away from one’s individuality and sorts people into boxes that simply do not fit their personality. It rather pulls them further away from their true selves.

Now, who doesn’t love a hype playlist that gives you a major self-esteem uplift throughout the day? Korean artists surely love to sing about unapologetically being themselves, and we’re lucky to have them share their positive music with us. Here is a mix of old and new hits that will give you all the boost you need to (humbly) boast about yourself.

Every title track PSY brings our way has a piece of him as he often raves about his authenticity as an artist. To this day, he keeps portraying his playful and quirky self throughout his music releases, as is the case with “I Luv It.” If I were to quote a line or a verse that highlights his pride in himself, I’d end up pasting the entire lyrics here. Enjoy reading them by yourself!

Being the strong independent individual she is, Jessi is no stranger to assertive lyrics. With “Ssenunni” being a classic, it was only a matter of time before she blessed us with another bop thanks to “Who Dat B.” As always, Jessi keeps it real, shuns the haters, and speaks her mind freely, showing everyone that she is that badass.

Sunmi is another artist who confidently accepts herself as she is and doesn’t shy away from letting the world know about it. In “LALALAY,” she speaks up about the critics, the gossip, and the rumors, stating that none of it phases her well-being and that no matter what happens, she will always be okay as long as she is being herself.

In this laid-back track, Zico surely stands tall and proud. He puts a cheerful twist on the matter as he encourages people to celebrate themselves in any way they deem fit. Caring too much about your image, when all you need is to chill, can make you miss out on a lot of fun. All you have to do is get comfy, play any song, and let yourself get loose!

The quartet may not have invented the girl crush concept, but they sure knew how to keep it going! These fiery ladies embraced their identity in this track as they represent realness and don’t care about what others may think or say about them. Their main focus is to keep 2NE1’s legacy going and to welcome the love they receive in the process.

Ever since their rookie days, (G)I-DLE made sure to show their claws (musically), and they proved it yet again via “Lion.” In this powerful testimony, the group proudly addresses their worth as musicians. They make their voices heard loud and clear in expressing that they don’t care about people who are condescending towards them since they always break this prejudice by standing their ground and being true to themselves.

BTS has always brought up the concept of “self” in their music, and if anything, their new album “Map Of The Soul: 7” is all about them being unapologetically themselves. In their newest title release “On,” the septet accepts their shadow and becomes one with it, finally liberating themselves. Now, they’re continuously fighting for what they believe in, regardless of what people comment about them, as they always channel their strength from within.

BLACKPINK showed up in our area with the fanciest introduction ever for a debut song. Fierce and fearless, the girls made quite the musical statement as they not only showed self-assurance but also acknowledged how special they are and embraced themselves in an elegant and influential manner.

At one point, being different was always perceived as odd. But times have changed and ITZY took the chance to advocate being different as a unique trait. Through the song, they discuss how judging people based on physical appearance is wrong and that just because there are standards, doesn’t mean everyone has to answer to them. They encourage others to live their lives to the fullest while not caring what others think.

Which K-pop jam gives you a major self-esteem boost? Let us know in the comments below!K-pop is a genre of music that is finding its way into the world of music and most non-Asian fans love it because of its catchy tunes and enormous talent.

As its name suggests K-pop is basically Korean pop music and by default will be dominated by East Asians.

That notwithstanding, Alexandra “Alex” Reid became the first African-American musician to break racial barriers to become K-pop’s first ever Black idol in 2015.

Her love for the genre made her take that giant leap and the former BP RaNia band mate enjoyed her time in the Korean music industry.

Being an idol came with its own demanding work schedules and challenges of working in another country were not absent but the fame, glitz and glamour gave Alex the needed platform to showcase her talent.

“I got into K-pop when I was scouted at a recording studio in LA and flew to Korea about a week or two later,” Alex told NextShark.

“I had been a longtime fan of K-pop but didn’t pursue a career in it because I didn’t see any idols who looked like me, so it seemed like an impossible dream.”

With everything that she had going for her, she jumped at the opportunity to make a name for herself in Korea’s competitive music industry.

Once she zoned in on what she wanted to do she went all in, but it came at a price. Her personal life and relationships had to take the fall for her dreams.

“I mean it literally was not even a question whether or not I should do it. I love hard work, getting better, and am always striving to improve,” she said.

“That’s how I knew it was more than a dream for me — because I love even the struggle of this business more than the security of a ‘normal’ life,” Alex said. “I am just as passionate about the sacrifice as I am the payoff.”

There is more to meet the eye when it comes to being a K-pop idol. According to Alex, it takes a lot of mental, physical training and sacrifices.

“A lot of respect you become accustomed to as a human gets at the very least overstepped and at times completely trampled over when you’re an idol.

“You start to accept things you would never accept in real life because you are so passionate about what you are working towards… and that can be a slippery slope.”

Working in a foreign country and not speaking the same language can be daunting on anyone, especially because communication tends to be distorted and you are easily misunderstood. Also, the culture shock may take time to sink in.

“It was more than not knowing my schedule or what people were telling me to do. It was the ostracism of not being understood or felt,” she recalled.

“I knew that I was being misunderstood and even misjudged a lot of times, and it was a struggle feeling like I was powerless to change that.

“No matter how hard I studied or how fast I learned, it was always too little too late. I had to find a way to be okay with being alone and develop a figurative force field around my heart to protect my happiness… and I did that.”

She added that studying Korean is one thing all aspiring non-East Asians should look into before venturing into a career in Korea as it will help with the transitioning much faster than she had.

With regards to being in a predominantly racially homogeneous environment, Alex said the hospitality of Koreans was second to none.

Her fan base were very supportive as well and may sent well wishes to her encouraging her and urging her on when she felt like crumpling in to the pressure of her new role.

Being the first black K-pop idol meant she was a pioneer on that front and many non-East Asians now had someone to look up to if they ever dared to venture into the world of K-pop. Her win sparked conversations in the Korean entertainment industry.

“I definitely think the world of Korean entertainment is warming up to the idea of opening doors for more racially diverse talents.

“With its recent spike in international success, it only makes sense that more races are represented,” she commented.

“I am cheering on everyone who auditions, so I hope they really get out there and go for it.”

Today, she is focused on making a name for herself with her solo career in the United States blending both American and Korean pop and penning her experiences into a book.

“Since relocating, I finished my album, much of which I wrote while in Korea. I have mainly been focused now on writing a book about my struggles as a Black, non-Asian K-Idol.

“It is completely honest and sheds a lot of light on what really happens behind the scenes. I plan to release the album and book together because they give context to one another, and the emotional place I was in while creating the music.”

Nothing good comes without the needed work it requires. Alex mentioned that having a great work ethic balanced with the passion and drive for the work will eventually feed into the much desired success any aspiring idol hopes to get.Postmedia chatted with the Atlanta-born and raised celebrity:

Q: Given your Atlanta roots and Boston College education in business, how did you wind up a star in Korea?

A: It was a combination of a lot of luck, (and) a lot of hard work that lead me to this. I had accepted a position as a business analyst at Deloitte Consulting in New York. But before I went into that workforce, I decided to take a year off and went to India to do a social enterprise fellowship. It wasn’t the best fit, but that was where a TV show in Korea found me and invited me to first come perform.

Q: Was it an instant fit for you being in the K-Pop scene?

A: Not at all. Trying to establish my base took a few years. I didn’t know the culture well, or how to fit in, and must have met with at least 15 labels before finding something that worked. Record deals there can be for singles, or they can be for a certain time period. I put in a stipulation that if my album wasn’t out in a year, I could leave to go back to Deloitte. I signed August of 2012, and by January 2013 I had my first album out.

Q: It seems like many artists are successfully moving out of Korea and into the global market. And they do it without English, too. What made you decide to make the new album in English?

A: When I first toured North America, everyone was saying that it was working because there is such as a solid Korean fan base here. The truth is, that is less than five per cent of the audience, which is mixed of all backgrounds. I think K-Pop is something that sucks people in because it’s open. I can do pop, EDM, rock, R&B and it doesn’t matter, K-Pop embraces them all.

Q: Plus, you crank the performance aspect up a lot don’t you?

A: There was a point when dancing to music became cheesy after the boy band era of NSync and Backstreet Boys, but there were always those who craved that kind of visual satisfaction. K-Pop really filled that void, because it’s so geared to spectacle.

Q: Do you think you have paved the way to build a global career from your K-Pop position?

A: It hasn’t really happened unless you are talking BTS — and they can do anything they want to because they are so big. For a solo singer/songwriter like me, it’s new. But I have done a lot of collaborating with acts like Solange, Timbaland and others and made a point to mix English into my Korean songs. Yes, the new album was a risk, but I enjoy a challenge and pushing boundaries.Mina, of K-pop girl band Twice. She has always been determined to excel in the music industry, but has had to take a break from group activities while she deals mental health issues.Recently, Arijit Singh has been trending on Twitter. The soulful singer has not released any new single or song from a movie but he is still seen trending on Twitter. This is happening because of K Pop singer Eric Nam and his fans. K pop singer is very popular all over the world. The singer is the hitmaker of many songs like Congratulations, Love Die Young and Cave Me In. Recently, the actor decided to reach to his Indian fans on Twitter.

Also Read | Indian On Coronavirus-hit Ship Thanks Arijit Singh For Bringing Hope Through His Songs

Also Read | Arijit Singh Splurges A Massive ₹9.1 Crore In Mumbai For THIS Reason? Know Details

Eric Nam recently took to his twitter to ask for some music recommendations of Indian singers and performers. Within hours of him posting this tweet, he has received thousands of responses. He received many recommendations from his Indian fans with the likes of AR Rahman, Benny Dayal, Amit Trivedi to Mohit Chauhan. Surprisingly, one name was found to be the most common in the recommendations that was of Arijit Singh. Many fans of Arijit Singh took to their account to recommend him to Eric Nam with many even sharing the Youtube links in their tweets.

Also Read | Arijit Singh's 'Shayad' To Sachet Tandon's 'Humraah': Romantic Songs Released In 2020

Also Read | Love Aaj Kal's Latest Song 'Shayad' In Arijit Singh's Soulful Voice Is Out Now!

Here are some of the fan responses

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.BTS’ “ON” has achieved a perfect score for the second consecutive week and remains No. 1 on our chart. The song has now taken 12 music show wins. Congratulations again to BTS!

Holding steady at No. 2 is IZ*ONE’s “FIESTA,” and rounding out the top three is IU’s “I Give You My Heart” from the OST of the drama “Crash Landing On You.”

There are no new songs in the top 10 this week.

Soompi Music Chart takes into account rankings by various major music charts in Korea as well as the hottest trending artists on Soompi, making it a unique chart that reflects what’s going on in K-pop not only in Korea but around the world. Our chart is composed of the following sources:Seoul, March 28 (IANS) K-pop star Choi Jong Hoon has been sentenced to one year in jail for filming his rape victims and sending the footage to his friends.

The 31-year-old disgraced star was previously sentenced to five years in prison for sexually assaulting women who were "drunk and unable to

resist," along with singer Jung Joon Young, at two parties in 2016, reports aceshowbiz.com.

The former F.T. Island band member filmed and photographed their victims and shared the illegally-taken footage with his friends digitally.

Choi Jong Hoon was sentenced by Seoul Central District Court on March 27.

"On his charge of filming a woman''s nude body, offering it to other people, and distributing pornographic material, he quickly and easily spread a video that could distort a sound sexual awareness, so the societal damage is great," the presiding judge said.

The singer was sentenced to a year in prison, suspended for two years of probation, along with 80 hours in a sexual violence rehabilitation

He is also banned from employment at children and youth facilities for five years.

The sentence also included a charge for attempted bribery, after he tried to give a police officer $1,639 to cover up his drink-driving arrest in 2016.

Jung Joon Young is serving six years in prison for his involvement inthe activity.

Disclaimer :- This story has not been edited by Outlook staff and is auto-generated from news agency feeds. Source: IANS‘Fourteen of us were in the elevator and we realised there are seven different countries in one elevator’

K-pop mania took over Pune last month when Z-Stars performed at this year’s Vh1 Supersonic 2020. The 14-member band, comprising seven Z-Boys and seven Z-Girls, is a product of the first season of ‘Z-POP Dream’, an international project to identify Asia’s next generation of music stars, both singers and dancers, from seven countries, including India.

They released their debut single Z-Pop Dream and made their worldwide debut at ‘Z-POP Dream Live in Seoul’ concert in 2019. The Telegraph caught up with four members of the band for a quick chat after their performance in Pune — Priyanka Mazumdar from India, Carlyn Cabel Ocampo from the Philippines, Malvin Saputra from Indonesia and Siddhant Arora from India. Priyanka and Siddhant are also the world’s first Indian K-pop-inspired artistes to ever perform in Korea as well as other K-festivals. Excerpts.

Most K-pop bands have names for their fandoms. What’s your fandom called?

Priyanka: It’s called GalaxZ because we are Generation-Z.

Siddhant: That’s why we made a song called Our Galaxy which you can listen to on YouTube.

This is your first performance in India. What was the response from the crowd like?

Malvin: It was unbelievable because this was our first stage in India and it was a big stage. We felt nervous.

Sid: But the people are so passionate, they’re so full of energy… we could feel the great aura and vibe of the audience. An artiste can feel it and perform accordingly. So for us, it was like a dream come true.

Carlyn: It was really awesome. I’m really thankful that we had this opportunity of performing live here. It’s going to be really memorable for us, Z-Stars. It was really awesome meeting the Indian GalaxZ.

We saw you performing a cover of Mic Drop by BTS and the crowd went crazy. Are you fans of BTS too?

Priyanka: Yes, we are also K-pop fans, especially me. I’m also an Army (BTS fandom) member. We all love K-pop… the senior artistes… and wanted to do something for our K-pop fans in India. That’s why we did the cover.

Given a choice, which artiste performing at Vh1 Supersonic 2020 would you want to collaborate with in the future?

Sid: Everyone is so talented but being an Indian, I listen to a lot of Indian hip-hop and rapping. Divine performed here and it would be a dream come true if we could collaborate with him. Also, Diplo and Machine Gun Kelly are amazing.

Priyanka: It’d be great if we can collaborate with some Bollywood artiste because that’s what we do, we connect with other cultures through music.

Sid: (Laughs) Oh my God, that’s a big name!The 38-year-old singer was questioned by police after his Mercedes-Benz hit a Hyundai Avante sedan that was changing lanes on a road in Yongin, south of Seoul, around 6 a.m. An insurance agent dispatched to the scene reported the accident to police, suspecting that Hwanhee had been drinking.Having joined the competitive K-pop scene just last month, DKB has already proven itself as a breakout rookie group, equipped with rebellious energy and various talents. 



The nine-member act is the first boy band under Brave Entertainment in eight years, an agency founded by K-pop hit maker Brave Brothers. An abbreviation of “Dark Brown Eyes,” referring to “nine Asian brown-eyed boys stretching out to the world,” DKB debuted with its first EP “Youth” and lead track “Sorry Mama” on Feb. 3.



Dubbed as well-rounded idols, bandmates D1, GK, Teo, E-Chan, Heechan, Lune, Junseo, Yuku and Harry-June are capable of composing, songwriting, DJing and even acrobatics. 









“It still feels like I’m dreaming. We just took a baby step, and we are satisfied with what we have shown with our first work. We look forward to how much more we can ascend,” E-Chan said in expressing his excitement for the debut in a recent interview with The Korea Herald in Seoul. 



The group’s “Sorry Mama” is a hip-hop-oriented single overflowing with rebellious youth spirit. With lyrics like “I’m sorry mama, I’d like to play/I like my friends/I’m different from what you think of me,” the song encourages young people to stand up for themselves, rather than being obedient to adults. E-Chan, GK, D1 and Teo took part in penning the song. 



The song’s relatable message also reflects the stories of the bandmates themselves, as many of them had to confront their parents who weren’t supportive of their K-pop career at first. 



“I moved to Seoul six years ago from a faraway city called Miryang (in South Gyeongsang Province) to pursue my dream. I had to work day and night to afford money for lessons. My parents had worried a lot, but I didn’t want to depend on them. After countless failed auditions and part-time jobs, I finally became Heechan of DKB,” said the team’s main dancer. 



GK shared that his mother, who was strongly against his K-pop dream at first, became one of his most ardent supporters after his debut. Japanese member Yuku also took on the challenge of leaving his country to follow his dream. “I could have become an idol in Japan, but I was so shocked by the performance of K-pop acts that I decided to come to Korea,” said Yuku, adding that he was deeply inspired by EXO. 



What sets DKB apart from other idol groups is that the performance-based team makes its own songs and choreographies. Having trained under Brave Brothers, the nine bandmates have been crafting their own music since their trainee years. At monthly evaluations, they presented their own songs, some of which were selected for the group’s debut album. 



“I had written a self-empowering song titled ‘Samsung’ for the monthly evaluation. I wanted to approach hip-hop, which is usually serious and heavy, in a more interesting way. So I likened one’s confidence with the Korean tech giant, a symbol of success. My idea was taken, and it went into our debut album,” said GK. 



DKB also shared that the band created its own dance movements, so didn’t work with a professional choreographer. Having Junseo in the team, a former winner of dance competition “Dancing High,” has also been helpful. 



Supported by the agency, the DKB members also took various lessons, such as DJing and acrobatics, as well as Chinese and Japanese language courses as trainees. Those learning opportunities not only helped them become multitalented, but also gain confidence. 



”We had over seven lessons. It’s been busier than ever, more than when we were students. As for me, I learned DJing, which helped me understand hip-hop in a wider, more in-depth perspective,” said E-Chan. 



D1 added, “Those lessons gave us a competitive edge. Our biggest strength is that we are capable of producing what we want. We are not confined to any framework. 



“Our CEO always used to tell us, ‘Practicing hard is obvious. What matters now is having the audience’s approval.’ We plan to keep showing our musicality step by step until they accept us.” 



By Hong Dam-young (lotus@heraldcorp.com)Cet article est initialement paru en septembre 2019 dans le numéro 224 de Trax Magazine , disponible sur le store en ligne.

À Gangnam, ce quartier huppé aux allures de fourmilière humaine perdu au sud de Séoul, les emplois du temps sont plus chargés qu’ailleurs. Pour les respecter, on file droit, sans s’attarder sur les énigmes apparaissant en chemin. Est-ce pour cela que, pendant longtemps, personne n’a cherché à savoir pourquoi les femmes y devenaient tour à tour amnésiques ? Au petit matin, elles avaient beau tenter de se souvenir ; il ne demeurait de la veille que des trous noirs. Parfois de quelques heures, parfois d’une nuit entière. « Un jour, je me suis réveillée à terre, j’étais allongée dans une ruelle », raconte Jang-mi. Cette serveuse d’un restaurant familial à deux pas des grandes avenues du quartier préfère rester discrète quant à son nom de famille. « Il était 5 heures du matin et je ne savais pas du tout comment j’étais arrivée là. Je ne me souvenais de rien, donc je ne suis pas allée voir la police. Mais je suis certaine qu’il ne s’est rien passé de grave. »

Contrairement à la majorité des Coréens, Jang-mi parle parfaitement anglais grâce à un long séjour à l’étranger pendant ses études. Mais elle ne tient pas à rentrer dans les détails de cette soirée où elle a perdu la mémoire. Tout juste reconnaît-elle à demi-mot qu’un inquiétant manège était à l’œuvre dans le voisinage depuis quelques années. « Gangnam n’est pas un quartier comme les autres », reprend-elle. « Il y a des gens puissants, qui ont du pouvoir. On ne les voit pas en journée, car ils sont dans leurs bureaux. Mais la nuit, on peut les apercevoir dans les restaurants de luxe ou dans les grands clubs. Ils font ce qu’ils veulent. » Elle s’interrompt un moment, prend une gorgée de café au lait. « Parfois, on peut aussi les entendre à la radio ou les voir à la télévision. »

Cinquante ans en arrière, il n’y avait ici que des champs. Poussés par le capitalisme effréné du miracle économique sud-coréen amorcé en 1953, les agriculteurs voient la valeur de leurs terrains exploser. Au point de céder aux sirènes des constructeurs immobiliers qui y érigeront des gratte-ciels comme des totems à la gloire d’un pays plus fort, plus connecté, plus riche. Depuis, le tempo de Gangnam a radicalement changé. Ses nuits s’agitent jusqu’à frôler l’hystérie, irriguées par la fortune des anciens paysans devenus milliardaires. « Tous ces nouveaux riches veulent montrer qu’ils ont de l’argent, ils veulent flamber, rouler au volant de grosses voitures et quand ils sortent en club, c’est toujours à qui payera le plus de bouteilles de champagne », détaille Jang-mi. C’est ce fameux “Gangnam Style” célébré en 2012 par le chanteur Psy dans son hit planétaire du même nom. Mais plus encore que par ce tube K-pop, le style de Gangnam est incarné par une discothèque se présentant elle-même comme « le club le plus élégant et le plus raffiné de Corée du Sud » : le Burning Sun.

Presque invisible depuis la rue, le club ouvert en février 2018 était discrètement situé dans les sous-sols de l’immense hôtel cinq étoiles Le Méridien, au niveau de l’arrêt de métro Sinnonhyeon. Il comptait un étage dédié à l’EDM, un autre au hip-hop, une entrée VVIP (sic), un luxueux système son Funktion-One et soixante tables VIP. À la carte, des champagnes Armand de Brignac ou des cognacs Louis XIII à mille euros la bouteille. De quoi tenir des soirées aux allures de bacchanales. Et dissimuler l’un des plus gros scandales qu’ait connu la Corée du Sud depuis la destitution de la présidente du pays en 2017, Park Geun-hye, suite à une affaire de corruption qui lui a valu 25 ans de prison. Car il reste tout de même une chose dont se souvient clairement chacune de ces femmes ayant perdu la mémoire : avoir poussé à un moment la porte du Burning Sun.

24 novembre 2018. Il est 6 h 45 du matin quand, sur le dancefloor du Burning Sun, un clubbeur de 29 ans nommé Kim Sang-kyo aperçoit un homme en train de harceler sexuellement une danseuse, apparemment sous l’emprise d’une drogue. Kim Sang-kyo s’interpose pour aider la jeune femme. Puis, face à l’insistance de l’homme, demande au service de sécurité d’intervenir. Contre toute attente, le staff s’empresse d’éjecter Kim du club, avant de le passer violemment à tabac devant l’entrée principale. Lorsque Kim décide d’appeler la police, la situation empire encore. C’est lui que les officiers décident d’arrêter, en l’inculpant comme s’il était lui-même l’auteur du harcèlement en question. Malgré ses protestations, il est conduit au poste de police et y sera frappé à plusieurs reprises, avant d’être transféré dans un autre commissariat de Gangnam – pour être une nouvelle fois roué de coups. Le déroulé des faits, que Kim Sang-kyo publiera sur Internet, est accablant : « Environ dix policiers se sont mis devant la caméra de surveillance pour qu’elle ne puisse pas filmer la scène, tandis qu’au moins cinq autres ont continué à me frapper au sol. Le sergent de police a plaqué ma tête au sol avec ses genoux et m’a attrapé les cheveux. Il m’a dit “Mon garçon, même si tu nous supplies, nous ne te laisserons pas partir.” Je me suis remis à saigner de la bouche et du nez. » Après plus de huit heures de détention, Kim Sang-kyo file directement à l’hôpital où on lui constate quatre fractures des côtes, la paralysie d’un doigt et de graves ecchymoses. Deux mois plus tard, en janvier 2019, il lance une pétition sur le site de la Maison Bleue, l’équivalent coréen de l’Élysée. Il demande à l’État d’agir contre un Burning Sun qu’il accuse de droguer volontairement certaines de ses clientes tout en s’appuyant sur la corruption de la police.

Installé dans ses bureaux du quartier d’Itaewon, connu pour sa forte concentration de résidents étrangers, Hong You-seok parle fort et fait de grands gestes avec les mains. En plus d’être directeur de la version coréenne de Mixmag – le célèbre mensuel dédié aux musiques électroniques et à la culture clubbing –, il s’est passionné pour l’affaire du Burning Sun qu’il connaît dans ses moindres détails. Et pour cause : parmi ses connaissances se trouvent de nombreux amis proches de Kim Sang-kyo. Il explique que la police et les agents de sécurité du Burning Sun ne savaient sans doute pas à qui ils avaient à faire. « Kim Sang-kyo n’est pas n’importe qui. Son grand-père était ministre de la Justice et son père est une figure politique du pays. Il est issu de la haute société coréenne. Il a utilisé ses contacts pour mettre en lumière ce qui s’était passé cette nuit-là au Burning Sun et il a déposé plainte. » Rapidement, la pétition du clubbeur réunit plus de 200 000 signatures et interpelle l’opinion publique. D’autant que le club de Gangnam compte parmi ses directeurs généraux l’une des plus grandes stars de Corée : Seungri. Ce chanteur de 28 ans est l’un des cinq membres de Big Band, considéré comme le groupe de K-pop le plus influent de l’histoire, totalisant 137 récompenses décernées par l’industrie musicale coréenne. Avec 140 millions de disques écoulés, Big Band est aussi le boys band le plus vendeur au monde, devant les Backstreet Boys, les Jackson 5 ou One Direction. Mais depuis 2018, le groupe est en pause. En cause, le départ de plusieurs de ses membres pour le service militaire de deux ans auquel doivent se soumettre tous les Coréens. De quoi laisser suffisamment de temps à Seungri pour troquer ses looks branchés d’idole K-pop contre de coûteux costumes cravates d’homme d’affaires.

Voilà des années que le chanteur fantasme en effet la vie de businessman et voue une adoration sans limites à la figure de Gatsby le Magnifique, au point d’avoir sorti en 2018 un album solo baptisé The Great Seungri, en référence au titre anglais du roman de Francis Scott Fitzgerald. Pris par la folie des grandeurs, Seungri a commencé à investir dans une chaîne de restaurants japonais, dans les nanotechnologies, dans le secteur des cosmétiques… Et dans le Burning Sun, avec l’idée d’y reproduire les fêtes opulentes et fastueuses du plus célèbre des millionnaires de la littérature américaine. « Ce qui s’est produit, c’est que dès que Kim Sang-kyo a commencé à pointer le club du doigt avec sa pétition, Seungri a aussitôt décidé de présenter des excuses publiques. Mais ça n’avait aucun sens. Pourquoi s’excusait-il aussi soudainement ? Ça a rendu tout le monde encore plus suspicieux », retrace Hong You-seok. Lorsqu’une véritable enquête est mise en place par le gouvernement pour faire la lumière sur cette affaire, personne ne se doute encore que dans son palais nocturne, le Gatsby coréen se livre à l’abominable.Tonight on FUBAR Radio, K-pop super fan and reality star Oli London revealed that just a few days ago, he altered his appearance YET AGAIN in a bid to look like his idol, BTS member Jimin. Speaking to hosts Joanna Chimonides and Stephen Leng on Access All Areas, he explained: “The reason I’m hiding my eyes today is because I’ve just had an eye procedure… My eyes are very sore. I’ve just changed the shape of my eyes to look more like Jimin’s.

 “I just love the look. Jimin’s my favourite K-pop star but I just think the Korean look is very beautiful.”

When Stephen explained that you can love the look but you don’t have to repeat it yourself, Oli responded: “It makes me happy and it gives me confidence. Because I’m doing K-pop music myself, you know I need that kind of look.

 “All K-pop stars do change themselves to look a certain way.”

When asked if the recent eye surgery hurt, Oli explained: “Yeah! I mean it’s cute but I only got it done a few days ago so it’s very, very sore.

 “It was non-surgical but they were putting plasma in my eyes and it was burning! You could smell my skin burning! It smelt like a BBQ!”

This was his most recent amendment among a long list of others: “I’ve done a lot of things in Korea. I’ve had my jawbone shaved, my chinbone shaved and my cheekbones reduced in Korea. But yeah, I recently just did this in London.”

Since announcing today on Twitter that Oli would be appearing on Access All Areas, countless Twitter replies came in which included a lot of trolling such as ‘Don’t enable him, he’s not kpop’, ‘How DARE you even CONSIDER OLI LONDON a KPOP Artist I’m genuinely offended’ and ‘Sir that’s an English man under a mask for his Asian fetish’.

Talking about the trolling Oli regularly receives, he said: “I mean I get death threats every day… I mean people literally threaten if I’m doing a concert or something. They threaten they’ll come there and hit me or something or shoot me. Like I get that all the time and I don’t really take it seriously. I just think ‘oh it’s just a troll’, you know they don’t even have face pictures.

“They’re basically you know very sad people. They’ve got a lot of insecurities they just like to attack people that are different… It’s crazy the amount of messages I get every day. I’ve got so many fan accounts, so many supporters, so much support, so I always try to read through that and that’s such an amazing feeling.

 “I’ve got very thick skin.”

When asked if he’s ever thought about giving up due to the amount of hate he receives, Oli revealed: “Yeah I’ve thought about that sometimes because sometimes I just get so sick of like the hate every day and I just feel like you know I’m not doing a good job with my music. But then when I have people drawing pictures of me – you know they spend hours drawing pictures, they bake cakes and put my face on it.

 “Having those fans and that support just makes my day. I get that every day like just receiving those messages makes it all worth it.”

To help other people that may go through a similar thing to himself, Oli is part of an upcoming documentary called ConTrolled: “It’s basically about anti-bullying. Obviously I get so much bullying, because you know I’m doing the K-pop music, and I’m doing it with Alisha Jade from Love Island. She was on it back in 2017 and we’re basically raising awareness for the effects of online trolling and also how people should be more kind and more thoughtful and compassionate.

“Especially with young people because you know, I’ve received so much trolling now, I’ve made it my mission to help young people.

“A lot of young people, they can’t deal with an online troll. If someone says you know ‘you’re ugly, you’re disgusting’, something like that, it can be very hurtful for you know an 11-year-old girl. So my mission now through that documentary is to kind of raise awareness with that and encourage people to be more compassionate.”You go to a UFC event, you expect to see some fights ... maybe even in the stands from time to time. But who’d have imagined a near brawl would break out at UFC 248 in the seating section reserved for UFC fighters and celebrities? Even stranger is who was involved: Brian Ortega and “The Korean Zombie” Chan Sung Jung.

Jung had brought Korean rapper Jay Park with him to the fights, and Ortega approached the two just as Joanna Jedrzejczyk was making her walk to the cage for her title fight with Zhang Weili. According to multiple witnesses, Ortega and Park started arguing over some trash talk Jung had engaged in recently, ending with Ortega slapping Park and getting escorted from the venue.

It’s already strange that two fighters with a rep for being chill like Ortega and Jung got into it. Even stranger was Ortega taking things up with Jung, who had merely been Jung’s translator when “The Korean Zombie” accused Ortega of ducking him on an episode Ariel Helwani’s MMA Show.

“It was weird,” UFC president Dana White said at the UFC 248 post-fight press conference. “[Ortega] and The Zombie got in a fight which is completely unlike both of their personalities. Zombie doesn’t even speak English so I don’t know what the hell he could have said to get Ortega to start going crazy but yeah, it was weird. It happened right over in the fighters’ section. It wasn’t backstage. It was in the fighters section and it happened right during the fight.”

This did not sit well with Park’s many fans in the K-Pop scene.

An unrepentant “T-City” took to his Instagram to double down on the assault.

“Jay Park welcome to the fight game,” Ortega wrote. “Don’t be surprised if I slap the (expletive) out of you when I see you.”

No charges are expected to be pressed at this time (although you’d hope the UFC will finally do something about the rising trend on outside the cage violence from their fighters (and towards a non-fighter, no less).Former Nine Muses leader and vocalist Hyuna announced via Instagram on Sunday (March 22) that she is 27 weeks pregnant.

The video that she posted on her page had the caption “Don’t be surprised” and an uploaded ultrasound scan of the foetus moving. It showed tiny hands and feet, as well as played the sound of the baby’s heartbeat.

Hyuna wrote: “Hello. This is Bandi (which is the baby’s nickname). I needed great courage to tell this news,” complete with a crying emoji. She went on to say: “I have two hearts in me. OMG. I’m gonna be a MOTHER!!” She added a shocked face and sparkles emoji to get her point across.

The post had almost 30,000 views and more than 700 comments from fans.

A few hours later, Hyuna posted on her Instagram page @moongom119 a photo of a cat and a pair of adorable pink mouse baby booties. She thanked everyone who had congratulated her and her husband. She added: “Thank you for all the support. Hope you are safe wherever you are.” This had a prayer hands emoji.

Many fans conveyed blessings and love on her soon-to-be family of three.

The K-pop singer, 33, got married back in September of 2017 to a businessman who is not a celebrity and seven years her senior. The baby is probably due within the next three months. /TISGAuditioning for national K-Pop dance competitions is standard fare for Auckland’s five-piece group, Memes Dance Crew (MDC). Making it to Wellington’s K-Culture Festival was a miracle in itself, but advancing beyond that was just a dream — until it came true. Performing a cover of ‘CROWN’, the debut song from superstar rookie group Tomorrow By Together (TXT), MDC’s journey took them all the way to South Korea, where backstage at the 2019 Changwon K-pop World Festival, they caught the attention of their idols: TXT themselves.

I recently met with Bryce Saavedra, Virginia Moresi, and Selina Huang, at Auckland’s High Street Korean dessert parlour, Mellow, to chat about their once-in-a-lifetime experience.

MDC was formed in 2016 when Huang, a high school senior at the time, was asked to organise a group to perform at a local festival. “I’ve grown up with them,” says Huang. “I was a trainee and then I debuted,” she laughs, riffing on the K-Pop industry process in which idols work as trainees for a period of time before debuting in the industry.

Despite having now performed to 30,000 people in South Korea, MDC are quick to remind themselves that they are just regular people with regular lives. Saavedra recently graduated from AUT with a Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Honours) and Huang is about to enter tertiary study for the first time. “We’re not really a formal crew that does auditions or an initiation,” says Moresi.

Spontaneity is the game for this crew as most dance covers are decided on the spot. “It depends on who’s free and such because of work schedules,” says Saavedra. “We’re getting a bit older now.” When I ask them how old they are, Moresi jokes: “Korean age?” referring to Korea’s custom that everyone is a one-year-old from date of birth and gets a year older each New Year’s Day, so you wind up being older in Korea than internationally.

The stars aligned for MDC when they decided to enter two teams into the Wellington K-Festival. “I feel like we’re a very competition based team,” says Saavedra. “We’ll just be silent the whole year and then some competition will pop up and suddenly everyone’s free.” Competing crews must replicate a K-Pop song, right down to the exact amount of group members, meaning MDC’s usual twelve-member crew became five, including Emma Weber, 22, and Erin Bowers, 21.

“Our plan was just to get to Wellington because we didn’t get in last year,” says Saavedra. “Miraculously we got in. So we’re buzzing out; flights to Wellington. We said just have fun with it, don’t expect anything from Wellington. Anything after that we did not expect at all.”

South Korea wasn’t new for some members of MDC, who had visited before. But for Moresi and Bowers, the cultural explosion was something remarkable. “When we found out that we were going to Korea I was at work, getting missed calls,” says Moresi. “I thought it must be a scam.” It was not. Amongst an all-expenses paid trip to the homeland of K-Pop, MDC sported hanbok (traditional Korean attire), rehearsed an awful lot, and although not dissimilar from their eating habits at home, ate Korean food. “We eat a lot of Korean food on the daily here [in NZ],” says Saavedra. “The most unique thing I think we had [in Korea] was live octopus.” They recall mixed reactions from the group. “That was awesome. I was going at it,” says Huang.

Anticipation built with every hour until performance day arrived and MDC took to the stage to perform ‘CROWN’, even lip-syncing to their own professionally produced vocal track. I confess to the members that I may be responsible for the majority of YouTube views of their audio cover. “Why would you do that to yourself?” laughs Moresi. It may come as a surprise though, that recording the Korean pronunciation was the least of their worries. “It was just strangers there, all professionals. You’re in there by yourself, not with your members,” says Huang. The group gives high praise to fellow member, Bowers, who is the most fluent in Korean and therefore took on the rapping section. “We’ve always been ambitious,” Moresi says. “But it was real nerve-wracking.” Watch below:

Their ambition paid off, because what they didn’t know was that the original artists of the song they performed were set to surprise them backstage. Meeting TXT was an honour for MDC and just recounting the event makes their hearts race. “I was down-buzzed the whole time,” Saavedra says as MDC’s translator, Bradley Yoon, had very slyly downplayed TXT’s presence at the festival, convincing the group that their idols weren’t going to surprise them. Despite this, they speak fondly of Yoon. “Get him to New Zealand,” Moresi jokes. “GoFundMe.”

Tomorrow By Together (TXT) is comprised of five members; Choi Soobin, Choi Yeonjun, Choi Beomgyu, Kang Taehyun and Huening Kai. Fans are called MOA, which stands for Moments of Alwaysness and is unrelated to the extinct native NZ bird. Having taken on the choreography of each member in TXT, MDC prepared Kiwi-themed gifts for the members, in the hopes they’d actually be able to give it to them. “Cameras had been set up so we could review our rehearsal performance,” says Huang. But in reality it was a ploy to capture the meeting on tape. There’s a visible, infectious energy shared between the two groups as they introduce themselves, below:

“I gave Soobin a sheep that squeaked and he kept playing with it,” says Huang. I’m told he was entranced by the sheep plushie, purchased from Rotorua’s Agrodome, for much of their encounter and that he loved it. Other members received a koru necklace, Whittaker’s chocolates, Kiwiana socks, our national spread Marmite and our famous soft drink, L&P. We joke that TXT’s producer Bang Si-hyuk totally has a stash of the L&P in his office that he enjoys on occasion. “They felt like really genuine people,” Saavedra says of TXT. “There was not this ‘idol vs. fans’ thing. They were down to earth.” Later, TXT reacted to MDC’s live streamed performance, below:

Much has changed since MDC formed. “We used to practice in AUT, in a public mirror space,” says Moresi. Auckland’s Chancery Square has now become K-pop central: “You see other groups practicing so we almost have to fight for our spot. It’s more out-there.” Other crews such as K-Pop Dance Auckland (KDA) have raised the profile of K-Pop dance with performances at the Armageddon Expo. “There was a K-Pop showcase and there were around twenty performances. Whereas in our time, when we were performing it was one or two crews facing each other,” Moresi says of the pop-culture expo.

It’s an empirical fact that in the last few years, Korean music has rooted itself in western society. What we’re seeing in NZ is a gradual penetration of the pop-culture zeitgeist, from BTS reaching No.1 on the Albums chart with two releases to TVNZ’s upcoming K-Pop Academy series hosted by choreographer Rina Chae. Speaking on western society’s rampant xenophobia and unwillingness to engage with foreign artists, Saavedra argues that K-Pop’s growth is undeniable. “We shouldn’t bash idols or fans for their love of K-Pop,” says Saavedra. “At the end of the day, it’s the same as any other hobby or lifestyle choice.”

If anybody new to K-Pop needs a taster of hot tracks, MDC give their personal recommendations of ‘Euphoria’ by BTS, ‘CROWN’ by TXT, and ‘Psycho’ by Red Velvet, the latter of which was covered by MDC, below:

When I suggest that K-Pop has brought a diverse bunch of Aucklanders together, Saavedra is quick to give his stance. “We’ve got pretty much every culture but we just bond,” says Saavedra. “MDC isn’t just about K-Pop. I reckon we’re just good mates.” That’s what has sustained MDC since the beginning. And it took them all the way to Korea.

Saavedra sums up the entire experience. “I felt like I’d won the Lotto.”For the Korean boy band BTS, the success of its sprawling, genre-defying pop album “Map of the Soul: 7” is a sign of how the rising K-Pop act is cementing its place in American culture.

This past weekend, the album—which mixes rap, ballads and electro-pop—hit No. 1 in the U.S. on the Billboard 200 chart, the band’s fourth chart-topper in roughly a year and nine months.

It’s a success story that defies conventional wisdom about the kinds of music Americans will tune into—not least because the songs are mostly sung in Korean. Across style and subject matter, BTS’s music and squeaky-clean image appeal to millennial and Generation Z listeners who are drawn to themes of self-acceptance and empowerment.

In the two years since BTS broke through stateside, becoming the first K-Pop act to top the U.S. album chart, the South Korean 20-somethings who formed the group in 2013 have sold out U.S. stadiums to legions of obsessive fans, graced “Saturday Night Live” and performed with Lil Nas X at the Grammy Awards. On their new album, they collaborate with artists like Halsey, Troye Sivan and Ed Sheeran, and their social-media presence, including 24 million Twitter followers, is now a force to be reckoned with. (Recently, the band canceled some South Korean concerts because of the coronavirus.)

Even among the many K-Pop acts with loyal fan bases, BTS stands out. Here, seven reasons why a seven-member band that’s been together seven years is finding global success.K-pop singer Chungha has signed an agreement with US talent agency ICM Partners, a move that signals her interest in breaking into the American entertainment industry.As the Covid-19 virus intensifies across the globe, check STYLE’s wrap of the best-read stories and most important prevention advice from the past few weeksAfter reports of a cancellation circulating over the weekend, Coca-Cola Arena has confirmed to Gulf News the postponement of anticipated K-Pop show ‘Music Bank in Dubai’.

“In light of the global developments around the COVID-19 virus, and the increasing number of infections confirmed in South Korea, MAKESTAR and the Korea Broadcasting System (KBS), have taken the prudent decision to postpone ‘Music Bank in Dubai’ scheduled for March 21 at the Coca-Cola Arena,” the South Korean music show’s promoters Makestar said in an online statement.

“This is to ensure an uncompromisingly high standard of experience for all and to secure the best talents to perform for the large fan base across the region.”

As part of KBS Music Bank’s annual concert world tour, the early-awaited show was set to feature a star-studded line up of performers that included Twice, Seventeen, EXO’s Baekhyun, Monsta X, and Jus2.

Makestar apologised for not keeping their promise and are anticipating that the event will “return to the market in the future with new dates to be announced as soon as possible.”

This decision comes amid mounting fears and surging number of Coronavirus cases in their homeland of which has also taken a toll on the K-Pop industry.

A number of Korean broadcasting companies and K-Pop concerts have been halted or postponed to prioritise the safety of artists, fans and crew staff.

ChungHa’s two staff members recently have been tested positive for the virus after returning from Italy.

The K-Pop soloist, who tested negative, has cancelled all her scheduled activities and went into self-isolation as reportedly requested by Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

It seems as Super Junior D&E are still set on performing as scheduled at the Azimuth Music Festival in Al Ula over the weekend so far.

Gulf News tabloid! has reached out for a comment on whether the ‘K-Pop Super Concert’, which is also set to host K-Pop artists like K-Pop group Super Junior, NCT 127 and Laboum as well as reggae duo RGP and soloist Jun, will proceed as planned on March 20. The venue has stated it still awaiting a response from the organisers.The K-Pop Super Concert, featuring performances from Super Junior, RGP, NCT 127, Laboum and Jun, has been postponed amid concerns over the spread of coronavirus.

The event, which was set to take place at Dubai’s Coca-Cola Arena on March 20, has been pushed back to an indefinite date, as per a statement shared by the venue’s official Twitter account on Thursday evening.

This follows the postponement of their Music Bank concert on March 21 earlier this month, and marks another event that has been pushed back amid worries around the COVID-19.

“In line with the international measures being taken to ensure the public’s health and safety, the upcoming K-Pop Super Concert show scheduled to take place at Coca-Coca Arena on Friday 20th March is being postponed,” they stated.

Ticket holders will receive a full refund automatically from their point of purchase, though it could take up to 10 working days for the refund to reach customers, they added.

“We hope to soon be able to confirm a new date for the show,” read the statement.Wouldn’t it be nice if a K-pop idol was totally smitten with you? Imagine that. A K-pop idol declaring his love to you with balloons and flowers. Take this quiz to find out which idol would most likely have a crush on you!



 Hey Soompiers, what were your results? Let me know in the comments below

binahearts is a Soompi writer whose ultimate biases are Song Joong Ki and BIGBANG. She is also the author of “K-POP A To Z: The Definitive K-Pop Encyclopedia.” Make sure you follow binahearts on Instagram as she journeys through her latest Korean crazes!

Currently watching: “I’ll Go To You When The Weather Is Nice”

 All-time favorite dramas: “Secret Garden,” “Goblin,” “Because This Is My First Life,” “Star In My Heart”

 Looking forward to: Won Bin‘s return to the small screen- Semenjak virus meluas di Korea Selatan , para warganet telah melakukan perburuan terkait Gereja Yesus Shincheonji di Korea Selatan. Banyak yang menduga, sekte Shinceonji disebut sebagai aktor utama melonjaknya kasus virus corona di Korea Selatan.Menurut laporan, seorang perempuan berusia 61 tahun mendapat sorotan karena dianggap sebagai penyebab mewabahnya virus corona di Korea Selatan. Dalam hitungan hari ia menularkan virus yang menyerang saluran pernapasan ini ke ratusan orang di Daegu, kota sebelah selatan Seoul.Bahkan hal itu menyebabkan jumlah infeksi semakin melonjak. Tidak hanya itu, dikabarkan juga ada 50 selebriti Korea Selatan yang menjadi pengikut Gereja Shincheonji tersebut.Korea Selatan saat ini menjadi negara dengan jumlah kasus terbanyak di luar Tiongkok. Ini memiliki total 5.766 kasus virus corona dan 35 kematian, dengan lebih dari 4.300 kasus dikonfirmasi berasal dari Daegu.Meskipun adanya permintaan maaf oleh pendiri sekte agama Gereja Yesus Shincheonji, Lee Man-hee, namun kemarahan orang-orang terhadap sekte itu tidak berkurang.Selain itu, sejumlah aktor juga dikatakan merupakan penganut gereja ini. Mereka diantaranya aktor terkenal Lee Byung-hun dan Won Bin, aktris Lee Min-jung, Lee Na-young, penyanyi Gummy dan Ivy.Sebagai tanggapan, para selebriti itu telah merilis pernyataan melalui agensi mereka masing-masing untuk menyangkal hubungan mereka dengan sekte Kristen, dan menyebut tuduhan rumor itu tidak benar.Dilaporkan bahwa pembawa acara komedian Yoo Jae-suk menjadi topik pencarian yang sedang tren, sehingga agensinya FNC Entertainment merilis pernyataan untuk membantah klaim bahwa ia terhubung dengan Gereja Yesus Shincheonji.Untuk lebih melindungi para artis, agensi mereka juga mengatakan mereka akan mengambil tindakan hukum terhadap klaim ini dan tindakan keras terhadap mereka yang menyebarkan desas-desus ini. Mereka mendesak netizen untuk tidak mengadili dan mengabadikan informasi palsu.Berikut cara idol KPop untuk tetap berinteraksi dengan penggemar sambil melakukan karantina mandiri terkait corona.UFC featherweight contender Brian Ortega has apologized for allegedly slapping Korean rapper Jay Park during a scuffle at Saturday’s UFC 248 card at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.

Park, who has recently served as the interpreter for the Korean featherweight Chan Sung Jung, was said to have angered Ortega with a recent translation of Jung’s comments, which suggested the American had “ducked” him when he pulled out of their scheduled December fight with an ACL injury. Park went on to defeat former lightweight champion Frankie Edgar in the UFC Fight Night card in Busan.

On Saturday, Ortega waited until Jung, who is known as the Korean Zombie, went to the bathroom before he approached the fighter’s section and “open palm slapped him”, according to ESPN’s Ariel Helwani.

“Last night, you sat 10 meters away from me and Jay Park,” Jung wrote on Instagram. “For two hours nothing happened, so I thought everything was fine. But you fucking attacked Jay Park while I went to the bathroom. Jay Park is not a professional fighter but a musician. You slapped a civilian who merely helped translate.

“Even worse, you were sitting there waiting until I would be absent and attacked Jay Park. It was not a fight like real men would do. What you have done is same as a grown up to beat a child. You should have attacked me. If so, I would have not been upset. You are such a coward for slapping a musician not a fighter.

“If you fucking planned this to fight me and to use my name because people don’t remember your name anymore, then I congratulate you, it worked. I will fight you and I will knock you out and your fucking face will be bloody.”

On Monday, Ortega apologized for his role in the incident with a statement posted to Twitter that has since been deleted: “On Saturday night, I slapped three people a [sic] the same time. I apologize for slapping the ‘translator,’ and I apologize for slapping the ‘K-pop star,’ but I don’t apologize for slapping the ‘instigator.’”

He issued a more formal apology on Tuesday, writing: “I want to officially apologize to JPark for Saturday night, when Zombie is ready we can fight.”

Park’s record label, AOMG, released a statement on Sunday confirming Park emerged from the fracas uninjured.

“We checked, and it’s true that Ortega tried to pick a fight,” the statement read. “However, security acted quickly and he was forced out. We know fans are worried, but he is not injured at all. He has no issues to his health right now.”Südkorea ist tonangebend. Man kann es im Food-Bereich beobachten, wo die koreanische Küche zu den beliebtesten gehört. Man sieht es in der Beautybranche, wo seit einigen Jahren (Pflege-)Produkte aus Südkorea immer wieder weltweite Hypes auslösen. Und nicht zuletzt sieht man es in der Musikbranche, wo ein Genre international immer größere Aufmerksamkeit bekommt: K-Pop.

K-Pop ist die Abkürzung für koreanische Popmusik. Dahinter stehen Boy- und Girlbands, immer öfter aber auch SolokünstlerInnen. Das Genre verbindet Elemente aus beinahe allen Musikrichtungen – Rock, Techno, Rap – zu eingängigen Melodien mit Lyrics auf Koreanisch. Viele der K-Pop-Bands werden von Talentagenturen gecastet, die ihre Mitglieder schon im Kindesalter unter Vertrag nehmen und gezielt für eine Musikkarriere ausbilden. Denn zum K-Pop gehören neben perfektem Gesang auch perfekt ausgeführte Tanz-Choreographien. Diese Fokussierung zahlt sich aus: In der Musikwelt Asiens hat K-Pop längst japanischen Pop, sogenannten J-Pop, vom Thron gestoßen und auch in den USA und Europa hat sich eine Fangemeinde mit hunderten Internetforen, Szene-Events und Dancing-Competitions gebildet.

Alles bis ins kleinste Detail perfektioniert

"Die japanische Musikszene ist eingeschlafen, es kam lange nichts Neues. Deshalb richten sich alle Augen nach Südkorea", sagt Dieter Hoch. Er führt in Berlin einen der (noch) wenigen Musikshops in Deutschland, in dem ausschließlich K-Pop-CDs erhältlich sind. Sie stehen in seinem Laden nicht einfach im Regal, sondern in Schaukästen. Auf den ersten Blick ähneln sie großen Bildbänden. Denn zu den CDs der K-Pop-Stars gehören immer auch Fotoalben mit Aufnahmen der Band, Poster und limitierte Sammelkarten, was sie für Fans zu begehrten Sammlerstücken macht.

Der aktuelle Erfolg von K-Pop liegt aber anderswo begründet – auf Youtube und Social-Media-Plattformen wie TikTok, über die sich die Videos der ProtagonistInnen verbreiten. "Es war nicht so, dass sich koreanische Plattenlabels an einen Tisch gesetzt und beschlossen haben, den weltweiten Markt zu erobern. Der Trend hat sich selbst entwickelt, von unten her, über das Internet", sagt Hoch. Damit zusammen hängt die Tatsache, dass die Stars des K-Pop, ebenso wie ihre Fans, aus den Generationen Y und Z stammen, also mit sozialen Netzwerken aufgewachsen sind.

Optisch ähneln die Stars des K-Pop denen japanischer Bands, nur ist ihr Stil eine Spur zurückgenommener, glatter. Beide Geschlechter gleichen perfekt frisierten und geschminkten Mangafiguren. Doch während sich weibliche K-Pop-Bands meistens stark sexualisiert zeigen, wirken die Mitglieder der Boybands androgyn, beinahe geschlechtlos. "Männliche K-Pop-Musiker sind vor allem Dressmen", sagt Hoch.

In den Augen von Luxusmarken scheint es genau das richtige Maß an Exzentrik zu sein. Immer öfter tauchen K-Pop-Stars in den ersten Reihen der internationalen Modewelt auf. Insbesondere die männlichen Musiker sind neue Stilvorbilder in Sachen Menswear, werden von den wichtigsten Häusern ausgestattet und kooperieren mit ihnen. Das wundert nicht, denn auf Social Media folgen den K-Pop-Stars inzwischen viele Millionen an Fans und für Luxusmarken ist der koreanische, wie der gesamte asiatische Raum, einer der wichtigsten und am härtesten umkämpften Absatzmärkte.

Wer dort verkaufen will, muss die Idole der Jugend für sich einzusetzen wissen. Als einer der ersten Designer hat das – wen wundert's – Karl Lagerfeld verstanden. Schon 2016 brachte er seine Chanel-Resort-Kollektion in Südkoreas Hauptstadt Seoul. 2014 investierte LVMH ganze 50 Millionen US-Dollar in die koreanische Talentagentur YG Entertainment, die unter anderem K-Pop-Stars wie Psy und G-Dragon vertritt und das Streetwear-Label Nonagon betreibt. Und noch immer ist das Potenzial der Musikszene nicht ausgeschöpft…

VOGUE stellt die K-Pop-Stars vor, die schon jetzt die Modewelt beeinflussen:

Die Band BTS mit sieben Mitgliedern wurde 2013 gegründet und stellt die wohl größte Erfolgsgeschichte der K-Pop-Szene dar. Drei Mal gelang es BTS, ihre Alben auf Platz 1 der amerikanischen Billboard-Charts zu platzieren (ein absolutes Novum für einen Music-Act aus Südkorea), sie setzten mehrere Youtube-Rekorde und waren als erste K-Pop-Band überhaupt 2019 für einen Grammy-Award nominiert. Unglaublich, aber wahr: Inzwischen machen die Umsätze der Band 0,3 Prozent des südkoreanischen Bruttoinlandsprodukts aus. Mit ihrer Ästhetik und ihren Songtexten, in denen sie sich auch zu gesellschaftlichen und politischen Problemen äußern, treffen BTS den Zeitgeist, ein Grund dafür, dass ihnen bei Instagram 23 Millionen Fans folgen. Kein Wunder also, dass die Modebranche sie längst als Werbeträger entdeckt hat. Kim Jones, legendärer Chefdesigner der Dior-Männerlinie, entwarf sogar höchstpersönlich die Looks für die "Love Yourself: Speak Yourself"-Tour von BTS – eine Ehre, die das Modehaus zuvor noch keiner anderen Popband zuteil werden ließ.

“Business of Fashion” zählt Kwon Ji-yong, alias G-Dragon, unter die "500 People Shaping the Global Fashion Industry" – ein Ritterschlag in der Modewelt, den G-Dragon nicht ohne Grund erhalten hat. Mit 17 Millionen Fans allein auf Instagram zählt der Sänger nicht nur zu den größten Musikstars, sondern auch zu den größten InfluencerInnen Asiens. Eigentlich ist G-Dragon Frontmann einer Band mit dem Namen "Big Bang", doch längst steht er für sich alleine. Auch wegen seiner exzentrischen Outfits, einer Mischung aus High-Fashion und Streetwear. Sein Stil brachte G-Dragon bereits auf das Cover der koreanischen VOGUE, bei den Haute-Couture-Schauen von Chanel sitzt er in der ersten Reihe und Jeremy Scott gehört zu seinen erklärten Fans. Natürlich hat G-Dragon auch längst ein eigenes Modelabel gegründet: PEACEMINUSONE.

Wie auch G-Dragon ist Dong Young-Bae, alias Tae Yang, Teil der Band "Big Bang". Doch der Sänger geht parallel eigene Wege und veröffentlichte drei erfolgreiche Studioalben. Für Fendi entwarf Tae Yang 2017 eine Capsule Collection, die zur Eröffnung des neuen Flagship-Stores der Marke in HongKong präsentiert wurde. Die "Fendi for Tae Yang"-Kollektion umfasste Bomberjacken, Hoodies, Sneaker und Rucksäcke, auf denen Wörter wie "Faith" oder "Passion" und das Symbol des Sängers – ein weißes Gänseblümchen – aufgenäht waren.

Das Konzept von NCT ist komplex: Es handelt sich weniger um eine Band, als um ein Projekt, an dem mehr als 40 Musiker beteiligt sind. Innerhalb der Band gibt es Untergruppen, sogenannte Units, mit wesentlich weniger Mitgliedern. Die Units treten eigenständig auf, 2016 veröffentlichten drei von ihnen – NCT 127, NCT U und NCT Dreams – ihre Debütsingles. Klingt erst einmal kompliziert, aber zumindest stilistisch haben sich NCT klar positioniert – mit einer eigenwilligen Mischung aus Streetwear-Labels wie Alyx und etablierten Marken wie Louis Vuitton. Die US-VOGUE attestierte ihnen "grenzenloses Fashion Potenzial" und schon jetzt nehmen Mitglieder in den ersten Reihen der Modewochen Platz, beispielsweise bei Burberry.

Auch die Band EXO unterteilt sich in zwei Untergruppen, EXO-K und EXO-M, wovon erstere auf Koreanisch singt, während die Lyrics der zweiten Gruppe in Mandarin gehalten sind und speziell auf den chinesischen Markt abzielen. Besonders ein Mitglied von EXO sorgte in der Modewelt bislang für Aufsehen: Sänger Sehun aus Seoul tauchte im Frühjahr 2017 zum ersten Mal in der Front Row von Louis Vuitton auf und zierte kurze Zeit später das Cover der koreanischen VOGUE. Dabei ist Sehuns Stil eher unauffällig: Bomber- oder Sportjacken zu schmalen Hosen und Jeans, einreihige Anzüge und Baseballmützen. Dadurch mag Sehun untypisch für den K-Pop mit seiner "Mehr ist mehr"-Ästhetik wirken, hat aber seine eigene (vielleicht zeitlosere?) Nische gefunden.

Wong Yuk-hei (besser bekannt unter seinem Künstlernamen Lucas Wong) ist viel gefragt: Der 21-Jährige ist Mitglied von WayV, NCT und der extrem erfolgreichen Popgruppe SuperM zugleich. Burberry platzierte den Musiker bereits in seiner Front Row. Während der Seoul Fashion Week für Frühjahr/Sommer 2020 wagte sich Lucas Wong außerdem auf den Laufsteg – als Model für die koreanischen Marken KYE und Charm's. Auf der Bühne greift der K-Pop-Star gerne zu auffälligen Prints (beispielsweise zu Marmor-Mustern von Dries van Noten oder Blumendrucken von Alexander McQueen). Im wirklichen Leben bevorzugt er lässigere Looks von Marken wie Wooyoungmi, Balenciaga, Supreme, Off-White und natürlich Burberry. Lucas Wong steht für den perfekten Mix aus Streetwear und Preppy-Chic – der Junge von nebenan, der unter einem tief ins Gesicht gezogenen Bucket Hat hervorlächelt.

Auch wenn sie erst im Frühjahr 2019 ihr Debüt feierte, ist die Girlgroup Itzy (bestehend aus Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong und Yuna) bereits in aller Munde, hat zahlreiche Awards bei verschiedenen asiatischen Musikpreisen abgeräumt und eine US-Showcase-Tournee gespielt. Auch Louis Vuitton hat die Band für sich entdeckt – alle fünf Mitglieder besuchten die Cruise-Show 2020 in New York und die Frühjahr/Sommer-Show 2020 in Paris. Kein Wunder, denn der laute, muntere Pop von Itzy passt perfekt zu Nicolas Ghesquières wagemutigen Mode-Statements. Viele von Itzys Bühnenoutfits bestehen aus plissierten Schottenröcken, knappen Crop-Tops, Overknees und gelegentlich auch BDSM-inspirierten-Accessoires – Typus “böses Schulmädchen”. Abseits der Bühne zeigen sich die Bandmitglieder hingegen in voluminösen Kapuzenpullovern und Lederjacken kombiniert mit Jeans.

Irene (Bae Joo-hyun), die 28-jährige Bandleaderin der Girlgroup Red Velvet, legte wortwörtlich den Verkehr lahm, als sie zur Herbst/Winter-Show 2019/20 von Miu Miu in Paris erschien und ihre zahlreich angereisten Fans durchdrehen ließ. Ihr Outfit bestand aus einem ultrakurzen Paillettenkleid des Labels, einem locker über die Schultern drapiertem Blazer und einem strassbesetzten Choker zu klobigen Mary Janes mit Strümpfen, was perfekt Miu Mius Ästhetik aus Preppy-Chic, Kitsch und Mädchenhaftem widerspiegelte. Kein Wunder, dass die Marke sie im Sommer 2019 zur Markenbotschafterin ernannte.

Jackson Wang balanciert zwei Karrieren als Solo-Star und als Rapper der Boyband GOT7. Als er 2018 einen Song namens "Fendiman" veröffentlichte, wurde das Luxushaus auf ihn aufmerksam und machte ihn zum Markenbotschafter. Zusammen mit Fendi brachte der Musiker außerdem eine eigene Kollektion heraus, die sofort ausverkauft war, und trat bei der Show für Herbst/Winter 2019/20 in Mailand auf. Vor kurzem wurde Jackson Wang zum Gesicht von Cartier und Armani Beauty ernannt . In einem Interview mit der US VOGUE verriet der Popstar einmal, er sei ein großer Fan der Farbe Schwarz. Dafür sprechen seine luxuriösen Sportswear-Looks, die er nur mit einem Hauch Farbe und reichlich Accessoires (Sonnenbrillen, massiver Schmuck, Beanies) auflockert. Ähnlich, wie es bei seinem Musikerkollegen Kris Wu der Fall ist, ist sein Einfluss auf den Luxusmode-Markt seiner Heimat deutlich spürbar und wird wohl auch in naher Zukunft nicht abnehmen.

Der Rapper Mino hat einen eklektischen, experimentellen Stil, der verschiedene Phasen durchlief: Von auffällig karierten Anzügen über Streetwear-Looks in XXL, bis hin klassisch-eleganten Männermode-Marken wie JW Anderson und Ralph Lauren Polo. Der 26-Jährige ist ein Liebling von Burberry, der bereits in der Front Row der Marke saß und beim Launch der Monogram-Kollektion von Burberry in Seoul das "Why Did They Kill Bambi"-Shirt der Marke berühmt machte. Bei der Show für Frühjahr/Sommer 2020 lief der Sänger sogar als Model über den Laufsteg. Minos Stil wirkt instinktiv und doch intellektuell, inspiriert von dem, was seine Musik und Kunst zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt prägt (Minos Malereien wurden erstmals im Dezember 2019 in einer Galerie ausgestellt). Als einer der modisch gesehen experimentellsten K-Pop-Stars hat er das Potenzial, ähnliche Berühmtheit zu erlangen wie sein Kollege G-Dragon, der beim gleichen Plattenlabel unter Vertrag ist.

Sunmi ist ein ehemaliges Mitglied der Band Wonder Girls und heute eine der wichtigsten Solo-Stars des K-Pop. Außerdem ist sie ein wahres Mode-Chamäleon. Ihre Bühnenoutfits sind stets glamourös, wie etwa ihre Minikleider von Discount Universe, Dior und Ashish. In ihrem Musikvideo zum Song "LALALAY" spielt sie ein modebewusstes E-Girl. Privat setzt sie lieber auf bequeme Looks in Jeans und übergroßen Mänteln. Eines ist jedoch sicher: ihre Liebe zu Handtaschen. Gerade verlängerte Sunmi ihre Partnerschaft mit dem Taschenlabel OrYany für das Jahr 2020; außerdem ist ihr Instagram-Account vollgepackt mit den neuesten Modellen von Stand Studio, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Gucci und Prada. Ihr Stil vereint oft Gegensätze, wie etwa schwere Schnürstiefel zu fließenden Plisseekleidern und Hoodies darüber. Eine unverwechselbare Ästhetik, der an die Grunge-Ära erinnert.

Welterfolg: Was Sie über den Cannes-Gewinner "Parasite" aus Südkorea wissen müssen

Zwischen Musik & Make-up: Wie K-Pop koreanische Kosmetik-Trends setztSAN FRANCISCO (KGO) -- BTS fans stuck at home during the coronavirus shelter-in-place order now have a new option for entertainment and education.The South Korean K-pop group has launched a 30 lesson web series to teach fans how to speak Korean.The series is available on the social media platform Weverse , which was created by Big Hit Entertainment. Registered fans will be able to access the lessons for free.The group says lessons are designed to make it easy and fun to learn the language.They hope teaching fans Korean will help them better understand the lyrics to their hit songs.While the lessons launched online during the COVID-19 outbreak, they were actually planned well before the pandemic started.The first three lessons were released on Tuesday, March 24. The rest will be released every Monday at 9 p.m. Seoul time.TWICE, Chungha, Monsta X and more artists recently acquired contracts with United States music label companies

This kind of partnership aims to promote the artist globally and expose them to greater endeavors in the future.

In February, JYP Entertainment announced TWICE’s partnership with Republic Records. The music label is a unit under Universal Music Group which is the home of widely-known artists such as Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande and Post Malone.

The partnership is aimed at revamping the group’s United States prestige as well as broader global pop market.

Chungha recently signed an agreement with ICM Partners. It is recognized as one of the top three global agencies in the US. According to MNH Entertainment, the partnership goals to make an advancement in the North American market.

ICM Partners manages artists with big names such as Nicki Minaj, Beyonce, Khalid, Orlando Bloom and Megan Fox.

According to Jon Pleeter, vice president of ICM Partners, Chungha displays excellent musical talent and English communication skills. With that, it strengthens her array of potentials as a pop singer and Hollywood actress in the US.

Aside from Chungha, American-born K-Pop singer AleXa, as well as Ha Sung Woon also signed up agreements with ICM Partners. The two artists prep to launch their careers in the North American music market as well.

Additionally, SuperM also accomplished publicized collaboration with Capitol Music Group. It is a major American music label under Universal Music Group. That further adds the increasing number of similar collaborations between K-pop artists and American music labels and talent agencies.

Those deals came as K-pop has developed as a promising niche in the worldwide music scene. It is particularly after BTS made mainstream success in the international scene. They demonstrated the feasibility of music impact, albeit language border, in the United States with its most recent album achieving it fourth No. 1 on the Billboard 200.

Furthermore, Starship Entertainment publicized Monsta X’s partnership in May last year with Epic Records. It is a unit under Sony Music Entertainment.

Meanwhile, their first English-language album “All About Luv” ranked No. 5 on the Billboard 200 albums chart last month in a collaboration with American music label Epic Records.

The same album is the first English album by a South Korean act to hit the top five on the Billboard 200 chart aside from BTS and SuperM.

ATEEZ is likewise on a strong course to build up itself in the American music scene. KQ Entertainment, through a coordinated effort with RCA Records, a unit of Sony Music signed a contract in July a year ago.It’s time for our dancing queens to shine! While it’s always been popular among K-pop groups to cover songs and dances of their seniors, lately we are getting more and more amazing dance covers from girl groups, where they do some of the most known boy group dances. The sharp choreographies and iconic dance moves look amazing performed by our favorite female groups, and it’s hard not to get addicted to their versions as well. Let’s take a look at some of the most fascinating dance covers from our girls!

The ladies of LOONA are always up for a great dance challenge! Their cover of “Fire” by BTS is just as breathtaking, but this NCT cover was truly the cherry on top. They are acing this difficult choreo, and we can’t wait to see more of their boy group dance covers.

Covering one of 2PM’s sexiest songs, the members of TWICE show us just how sensual they can be. They are slaying this choreo with their powerful moves, and their body waves are out of this world! We can’t help but watch this cover at least twice in a row (pun intended)!

With two girls previously being part of the “Highlight Reels,” it’s no wonder the Cherry Bullet girls decided to cover a BTS song! They are fierce as hell, and their intense moves are amazing in this “MIC Drop” dance practice. It’s nice to finally see the bold side of the girls.

Covering the most famous songs of 2019 is a piece of cake for DreamCatcher! The girls did a dance cover medley of our favorite tracks from last year, including “Boy With Luv” by BTS, EXO’s “Love Shot”, and “Hala Hala” from ATEEZ. We would love to see a full version of their “Alligator” and “Simon Says” cover, too!

If you loved the original song by Wanna One, you will love this version by IZ*ONE members as well! It’s impossible to get this song out of your head, and the girls are nailing the dance moves! We need the full cover ASAP, for real.

Paying respect to their company’s seniors, gugudan decided to cover VIXX’s biggest hit, “Chained Up,” from back in 2016. They are truly showing us their badass side, and their moves are on point, as always. VIXX members were surely proud of their label mates!

Have you ever wondered what the “Love Shot” choreo would look like with girls acing it? You don’t have to wonder anymore, because the WJSN members will show you how it’s done in this perfect dance cover. You simply just can’t take your eyes off of them!

(G)I-DLE did a full cover of BTS’s “Fake Love” in Taipei, and they all look and sound absolutely flawless! Their hard work on this cover is clear to see, and every bit of this performance is full of respect and professionalism. Hats off!

CLC is always great with powerful concepts, and they are not afraid to showcase their charisma on this cover of Super Junior’s “Black Suit.” Their stage presence is the greatest strength of this cover, and their on-point moves are truly something to adore!

There is just something about “Mr. Simple” that fits MOMOLAND’s style perfectly. Needless to say, they are slaying this cover, and we can’t help but dance the iconic moves of Super Junior with them! Can we ask for a full cover?

Soompiers! Which covers are your current favorites? Tell us in the comments below!

When she’s not studying or working, fanniberger spends her time obsessing over K-pop groups, binge watching dramas and variety shows and drinking way too much bubble tea. She’s currently jamming to SEVENTEEN and BTS songs non-stop. Say hi to her on Twitter and Instagram!Although he has released incredible singles like "Heart Sign," Ong Seong-wu's new album, Layers, will be his first since the disbandment of the Produce 101 supergroup Wanna One in 2019.

Kang Daniel's Cyan will be his first official mini album, too! It follows his 2019 debut release, Color on Me, which broke the record for the highest first-day and first-week sales for a solo artist in the history of Korea's Hanteo Chart.

We are extremely excited for both releases and have our fingers crossed for lots of cute interaction between the two throughout their album promotions!BlackPink’s Lisa, Minhyun from NU’EST and BlackPink’s Rosé were among the South Korean celebrities to claim centre stage at the major fashion weeks in New York, London, Milan and Paris. Photo: InstagramThe new episode of Rolling Stone Music Now examines the unprecedented, boundary-smashing success of South Korean superstars BTS, digging into their new album, Map of the Soul: 7, their history, and their under-examined sociopolitical messages. From there, the episode delves into the long, colorful history of boy bands, all the way back to Frankie Lymon and the Teenagers and on to the Bay City Rollers, Menudo, New Edition, New Kids on the Block, the Backstreet Boys, ‘NSync, and One Direction. Jezebel senior writer Maria Sherman, author of the upcoming book Larger Than Life: A History of Boy Bands from NKOTB to BTS, joins Brittany Spanos, Rob Sheffield (who wrote a four-star review of Map of the Soul), and host Brian Hiatt for the discussion.

To hear the entire episode, press play below or download and subscribe on iTunes or Spotify.

Download and subscribe to our weekly podcast, Rolling Stone Music Now, hosted by Brian Hiatt, on iTunes or Spotify (or wherever you get your podcasts), and check out two years worth of episodes in the archive, including in-depth, career-spanning interviews with Bruce Springsteen, Halsey, Ice Cube, Neil Young, the National, Questlove, Julian Casablancas, Sheryl Crow, Johnny Marr, Scott Weiland, Alice Cooper, Fleetwood Mac, Elvis Costello, Donald Fagen, Phil Collins, Alicia Keys, Stephen Malkmus, Sebastian Bach, Tom Petty, Kelly Clarkson, Pete Townshend, Bob Seger, the Zombies, Gary Clark Jr. and many more – plus dozens of episodes featuring genre-spanning discussions, debates and explainers with Rolling Stone’s critics and reporters. Tune in every Friday at 1 p.m. ET to hear Rolling Stone Music Now broadcast live from SiriusXM’s studios on Volume, channel 106.MANILA, Philippines — Korean celebrities are turning to online shows to meet their fans as a way to communicate with them without physical contact to avoid spreading the viral disease COVID-19.

Girls Generation member Taeyeon had a Naver V Live fan meet recently for the release of her new song "Happy" while Itzy of JYP Entertainment also showcased Itzy Live Premiere online for their second mini-album, "It'z Me."

Last week, Baek Ye-rin also met fans through YouTube livestreaming after her performance in "Head In The Clouds" festival in Jakarta was cancelled.

Popular K-pop group BTS also livestreamed their press conference recently on the group's YouTube channel to promote their new album, "Map Of The Soul: 7."

Questions from the media were submitted to the band via e-mail and there was also a question-and-answer session for fans.

Some Korean artists also turned online to create more awareness in stopping the virus from spreading. Comedians Song Eun-yi and Kim Sook went live online last February 29 in celebration of the fourth anniversary of their podcast, Vivo TV.

They held a livestream fan meeting in an empty auditorium after their concerts from February 28 to 29 were cancelled due to COVID-19 outbreak.

Sunwoo Jung-a also performed a YouTube livestream jazz concert last February 26 with over 1,000 viewers, and a second online concert is being planned, according to her agency Magic Strawberry Sound.

In the Philippines, longest-running noontime show "Eat Bulaga" announced that they will be telecasting without a live audience in the studio to prevent spreading the virus.

Many concerts were also canceled in Manila, including those by Avril Lavigne and Slipknot, due to the new corona virus.

The biggest rock concert in the country, Rakrakan Festival, scheduled last February 29, was also rescheduled in April because of the outbreak.Mantan anggota girl grup K-pop Fiestar, Cheska mengungkapkan rahasia dari pengalamannya di industri hiburan Korea Selatan. Melalui saluran Twitch, Cheska berbagi sisi kelam industri K-pop dan mengklaim bahwa semua idol berada di bawah pisau bedah operasi plastik.



Setelah debut dengan Fiestar pada 2012, Cheska meninggalkan grupnya dua tahun kemudian pada 2014. Selama menjadi bintang idola, Cheska sepertinya tak memiliki pengalaman terbaik. Ia pun mengungkapkan sejumlah tuduhan mengejutkan tentang industri Kpop. Apa saja?



1. Kontrak Budak 7 Tahun dan Perasaan Bunuh Diri

Cheska mengungkapkan bahwa ia memiliki kontrak budak selama 7 tahun. Seperti dilansir Allkpop, ia lebih lanjut menyatakan bahwa dirinya tak memiliki keinginan untuk debut dengan Fiestar tetapi terpaksa berdasarkan kontraknya. Kurangnya transparansi dari labelnya tentang keuangan hingga perasaan bunuh diri membuat Cheska akhirnya memutuskan untuk keluar dari grupnya.



"Saya ingin pergi sejak saya mulai, tetapi saya tidak bisa karena berada di bawah kontrak 7 tahun. Saya memutuskan untuk meninggalkan Kpop ketika saya tahu saya tak bisa dekat dengan anggota member meski mencoba keras untuk dekat satu sama lain. Saat itulah saya tahu saya harus pergi sebelum akhirnya bunuh diri, karena itu yang akan saya lakukan," kata Cheska

Pada video siaran langsungnya itu, Cheska juga menuturkan tentang sikap jutek idol K-pop lainnya. Ia mengaku pernah bertemu dengan mantan anggota Sistar Hyolyn yang memberinya wajah masam saat berpapasan di kamar mandi. Namun, Cheska juga mengklarifikasi bahwa manajer Hyolyn mengatakan kepadanya jika solois wanita bereaksi seperti itu karena Hyolyn hanya ingin merokok.



Cheska juga mengakui bahwa normal bagi kelompok senior untuk mengabaikan salam dari kelompok yang baru saja debut. "Jika kamu adalah grup yang berada di atas, seperti Girls Generation, T-ARA, Girls' Day, Sistar, mereka semua melakukan ini," ujarnya.

Cheska juga menegaskan bahwa setiap idola K-Pop mendapatkan operasi plastik, meskipun perusahaan berusaha membuatnya terlihat sealami mungkin. Ia pun menyebut Nayeon Twice dan Lisa Blackpink telah melakukan operasi plastik.



"Ini, dia (Lisa Blackpink) menjalani operasi, tapi ini operasi alami. Ini tidak seperti penyanyi Park Bom yang jelas terlihat melakukan operasi di wajahnya," terang Cheska(CNN) One girl wrote the word slave above her genitals. Another was made to bark like a dog while naked.

Cho Joo-bin, a 24-year-old man, hosted online rooms on encrypted messaging app Telegram, where users paid to see young girls perform demeaning sexual acts carried out under coercion, according to South Korean police.

As many as 74 victims were blackmailed by Cho into uploading images onto the group chats, some of the users paid for access, police said. Officials suspect there are about 260,000 participants across Cho's chat rooms.

At least 16 of the girls were minors, according to officials.

On March 20, the authorities announced that Cho had been arrested on charges including producing and distributing child pornography, sexual abuse, blackmail, coercion, fraud, illegal distribution of private information, and sexual assault through illegal filming but he has not been indicted.

Cho Joo-bin, who allegedly ran an online sexual blackmail ring, walks out of a police station as he is transferred to a prosecutor's office in Seoul, South Korea, on March 25.

For South Koreans, the case has become a lightning rod for a nation grappling with widespread sexual abuse and accusations of pervasive misogyny, after a series of scandals involving the secret or forced taping of women in recent years.

On Monday, President Moon Jae-in responded to the rising anger, calling for police to investigate all members of the chat groups, not just Cho. Currently, 124 people connected to the chat groups have been arrested, and 18 have been detained.

But for many South Koreans, an investigation is not enough.

Cho, who has only appeared once since his arrest, gave a statement on March 25, at the Jongno Police Station in Seoul before being transferred to the prosecutors' office. "Thank you for stopping a life of a devil which I couldn't stop myself," he said.

Cho's lawyers quit on March 25 according to the law firm and authorities. The law firm told CNN that the reason for this decision was because information they received from Cho's family when they accepted the case was very different from the facts.

It was two university journalism students who brought Cho to the attention of the police last July, officials confirmed to CNN.

The duo, who asked to use the pseudonyms Kwon and Ahn to protect their own safety, discovered the chat groups, which were hosted on the encrypted Telegram messaging app, in the summer of 2019, as part of an assignment to investigate online sexual crimes.

Though the chat groups were private, links to them were easily found by simply using keyword searches on Google.

When Kwon first saw the chat rooms, she said she "couldn't believe the scenes and messages unfolding before her eyes."

"I felt that I needed to bring these serious crimes to the public's attention," Ahn said.

There were many operators running similar chats on Telegram, but Kwon and Ahn focused on Cho, who went by the alias of "Guru" and ran at least eight groups, some of which had over 9,000 members at any one time.

Cho allegedly sourced his victims by posting fake modeling jobs online, police said.

Young women would submit their personal information, including their social security numbers and addresses, so they could get paid, along with photographs.

Once hired, they would allegedly be asked to provide more revealing pictures. Police believe these were then used to blackmail the young women -- Cho allegedly threatened to post them on the internet with their personal details if the girls did not work in his Telegram chat rooms, police said.

Cho allegedly ran free-of-charge chats, which offered the chance to pay to upgrade to more premium groups, where they could make increasingly demanding requests of the girls. Users paid as much as $1,200 to enter a room using bitcoin transactions, according to police.

Each Telegram group had about three to five girls to one chat room Guru called as 'slaves,' who would be online and ready to take requests for pictures and videos of them performing acts, which they captured on their own cameras, from both paid-members and the operator, according to Kwon and Ahn.

While the encrypted nature of Telegram has proven itself to be a tool for resistance against authoritarian regimes around the world, the anonymity of the platform allows the chat room participants to be able to remain anonymous.

CNN has reached out to Telegram for response but has not heard back.

Furthermore, Cho allegedly received payment via Bitcoin, according to South Korean police.

This keeps bitcoin users' transactions private, without easily tracing it back to them and that's why it has become the currency of choice for people online buying drugs or other illicit activities.

Cho's arrest is the latest in a series of online sexual scandals involving women in South Korea in recent years.

In 2019, South Korean police discovered an online group chat that shared sexually explicit videos of women filmed without their knowledge and consent, and named several high-profile K-pop stars as members of the group.

Later that year, activist Nam Hye-ri opened a Twitter account asking people to report sexually abusive Telegram chats, called 'Project ReSET,' Reporting Sexual Exploitation in Telegram. The group is now calling for heavier punishments for the possession of digital material documenting violent sexual cases, as well as the distribution of that material.

Nam said: "It's important to detect digital sex crimes as soon as possible by using Artificial Intelligence technology monitoring and laws should keep up with these changes so that not only the ones producing these materials but the users can be punished."

What makes Cho's case particularly disturbing is the allegation that at least 16 of the known victims were minors.

Under current South Korean laws, possessing child or juvenile pornography is punishable by up to one year in prison or fines up to 20 million Korean won ($16,000) but the act of watching pornographic videos when the viewer doesn't know the subject is underage is not punishable.

That creates a defense where viewers can prove they did not realize the girl was a minor.

Only 80 people out of the 3,449 charged with distributing sexually abusive videos of children received jail terms between 2015 and 2018, according to the South Korean Prosecutors' Office.

Lawmaker Jin Sunmee believes stronger punishments for these crimes is vital. "Our justice system is too lenient to offenders and it is heartbreaking to think the system has missed its golden time to protect our children," Jin said.

Nam agreed. She said: "Women are not objects to be consumed. Women are human beings. The continuous digital sexual crimes can only come to an end when people genuinely believe in this."Liputan6.com, Jakarta - Isu tentang tekanan mental para idol Korea dan Kpop menjadi sorotan. Beberapa kasus idol bunuh diri pun semakin meyakinkan publik kalau profesi ini datang dengan konsekuensi tidak ringan.

Kepergian Sulli yang meninggal dunia karena bunuh diri pada pertengahan Oktober 2019 membuat beberapa mantan idol Korea angkat bicara. Isu tentang tekanan mental para idol Korea kembali menjadi sorotan.

Beberapa bulan setelah Sulli tiada, salah seorang sahabatnya yaitu Amber Liu sempat angkat bicara. Wanita yang juga pernah tergabung dalam grup f(x) pun mengakui bahwa ada tuntutan dan tekanan besar untuk menjadi idola di Korea. Mereka harus selalu tampil sempurna sejak usia sangat muda.

Yang terbaru, mantan anggota girl grup Kpop Fiestar, Cheska mengungkapkan rahasia dari pengalamannya di industri hiburan Korea Selatan. Melalui saluran Twitch, Cheska berbagi sisi kelam industri Kpop dan mengklaim bahwa semua idol berada di bawah pisau bedah operasi plastik.

Setelah debut dengan Fiestar pada 2012, Cheska meninggalkan grupnya dua tahun kemudian. Selama menjadi bintang idola, Cheska sepertinya tak memiliki pengalaman terbaik.

Dilansir dari Allkpop, beberapa waktu lalu, ia mengungkapkan sejumlah tuduhan mengejutkan tentang industri Kpop. Apa saja?

1. Kontrak Budak dan Ingin Bunuh Diri

Cheska mengaku kalau ia memiliki kontrak budak selama tujuh tahun. Ia menyatakan tak memiliki keinginan untuk debut dengan Fiestar tetapi terpaksa berdasarkan kontraknya. Kurangnya transparansi dari labelnya tentang keuangan hingga perasaan ingin bunuh diri membuat Cheska akhirnya memutuskan untuk keluar dari grupnya.

"Saya ingin pergi sejak saya mulai, tetapi saya tidak bisa karena berada di bawah kontrak tujuh tahun," ungkapnya.

"Saya memutuskan untuk pergi ketika tahu saya tak bisa dekat dengan personel lain meski mencoba keras untuk dekat satu sama lain. Saat itulah saya tahu saya harus pergi sebelum akhirnya bunuh diri, karena itu yang akan saya lakukan," lanjut mantan idol Kpop ini.The NSYNC star joined That Literally Happened to talk about the group’s whirlwind fame in the ’90s and what he thinks about BTS and the K-pop bands that have taken over the music world today.

That Literally Happened, a new show from BuzzFeed News on Facebook Watch, is revisiting some of the most memorable moments of the ’90s.

 Every decade has its defining trends, but nothing encapsulates ’90s pop culture quite like the boy band. Groups of previously unknown singers, backed by the power of the music industry, took over the entertainment world almost overnight.

Fame came quickly to the boy bands of the time, and Lance Bass of NSYNC joined That Literally Happened to share his experience being at the center of it all.

 “It was a time in music history that I don't think will ever exist again,” Bass explained. “It was the explosion of pop. And people were selling records like no one had ever done before.” “I was excited to maybe get a job at Disney World,” Bass recounted of his modest expectations when he joined the group at age 16. “That would have been fun.” Bass said he first knew the band was going to be big when they opened a stadium show for Janet Jackson in Detroit. “I've never heard a noise like that before,” he remembered. “You get these goosebumps and they don't go away the whole time you're onstage.”

Other career highlights for Bass included performing with Aerosmith at the Super Bowl, performing at the Academy Awards when the group was nominated for Best Original Song, and going on the Rosie O’Donnell Show. “It took us forever to get on that show, but I was like, ‘No, we’re not famous yet unless we’ve been on Rosie O’Donnell,’” Bass explained. "That was my barometer of if you were big or not, and we finally got on the show.”

 According to Bass, the formula for a great pop group boils down to three key elements: harmony, performance, and personality.

NSYNC had harmonies and personalities, but performance for the group meant complex choreographed dances. For Bass, that didn’t always come easily. “We spent many hours in the dance studio and, fun fact, I was not a dancer when I joined NSYNC,” he recalled. “So I had to learn how to have rhythm and how to dance a little bit, and as we progressed, I got better and better at it.” Bass recalled the process of learning the choreography as frustrating, but added that performing it onstage was always much more fun. While the NSYNC star looked back fondly on most of his time with the group, he did have some fashion regrets. “We would wear the same matching outfits. That was really bad,” he joked. “And I don't think there's one outfit that I can look back on that I say, ‘Wow, that was great.’ I think they're all pretty hideous.”

Today, K-pop bands like BTS have taken over the global spotlight once occupied by the likes of NSYNC and the Backstreet Boys, but Bass had nothing but praise for the new pop icons. “I love K-pop. It's so fun and it's different. You know, something that this country's never seen before,” Bass said, explaining that K-pop groups with a larger number of members create a different dynamic among the bands and their fans. “I think it's fun because I like performances,” he added. “So when I go to a show, I want to be entertained, and when you have that many people, you can have a lot of fun onstage.” Bass noted that the varying personalities of BTS’s members allowed for a wide array of fans to identify with the group, comparing it to what the Spice Girls did in the ’90s.Disgraced K-pop star Choi Jong Hoon has been jailed for a year for filming his rape victims and sending the footage to his friends.

The 31-year-old was previously given five years in prison for sexually assaulting women who were ‘drunk and unable to resist’ with singer Jung Joon Young at two parties in 2016.

The former FT Island star filmed and photographed their victims and shared the footage and photos with his friends on mobile chatrooms.

Hoon received his sentence at Seoul Central District Court on Friday for spreading illegally-taken footage.

The court said: ‘On his charge of filming a woman’s nude body, offering it to other people, and distributing pornographic material, he quickly and easily spread a video that could distort a sound sexual awareness, so the societal damage is great.’

He was handed a year in prison suspended for two years of probation along with 80 hours in a sexual violence rehabilitation program.

He has also been banned from employment at children and youth facilities for five years.

The sentence also included Hoon’s charge for attempted bribery, after he tried to give a police officer 2million won (£1, 344) to cover up his drink-driving arrest in 2016.

The court said of the charge: ‘Choi expressed his intent to offer a bribe to a public official for his personal gain, trying to damage the fairness regarding drunk driving control and trust in society.’

2 Days & 1 Night star Jung Joon Young previously admitted to the charges of secretly filming and sharing sex videos, but denied the charge of rape, while Choi had denied all criminal charges against him.

However, Judge Kang Seong-soo said the pair had raped women ‘who were drunk and unable to resist, filmed them nude and having sex, then spread it on a group chat’.

‘We can’t imagine the pain the victims might have felt who found out later.’

He continued: ‘Jung argued that his sexual act was done with mutual agreement, while Choi flatly denied having sex with the victims.

‘But Jung confessed he had sex [with the women] together with Choi, and his confession was also proved by their KakaoTalk chats. In this sense, it can be recognised that they jointly raped drunk women.’

The court said Choi ‘did not feel remorse after mass-raping drunken victims’, while in Jung said in his final testimony: ‘I deeply regret my foolishness and I feel great remorse. From now on, I shall only… live in remorse.’

Both men burst into tears after being given their sentences for rape back in November.

Three other men were convicted for their part in the sexual assault – the older brother of singer Yuri and another defendant received sentences of four and five years in prison respectively.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Gordon Ramsay unfazed by backlash as he dances on TikTok with daughter amid lay-offs

MORE : Inside Joe Wicks’ stunning Richmond home where he’s self-isolating and keeping the nation fitThe Korean Business Research Institute has recently published the brand reputation rankings for K-Pop girl groups this March. Based on its latest list, multi-talented group LOONA has climbed up to take the top spot.

The rankings are grounded on various factors including consumer media, communication, and community indices. Particularly, the institute has extracted the huge 90,126,015 amount of data from February 13 to March 14.

Slowly but surely marking their name in the K-Pop scene, Blockberry Creative’s prized girl group LOONA has topped the brand rankings for March. The female idols, who made their booming return in February with [#], was able to secure the No.1 spot this month after scoring 5,458,749.

Some of the high-ranking phrases in the group’s keyword analysis are their latest title track “So What”, “Chuu”, and their domination on “Billboard”. The words such as “advance”, “reenact”, and “thankful” are likewise present as the girls’ high-ranking related terms.

Previously leading this list in February, femme fatale group (G)-IDLE has fallen down a bit in the rankings as they placed second. Following closely to LOONA, the girls obtained a total brand reputation index of 5,334,606.

Coming in to take the third spot is YG Entertainment’s well-loved female quartet – BLACKPINK. The group was able to rise up in the rankings thanks to their 5,048,178 brand reputation index for March.

Completing our top-five list are ITZY and Red Velvet. ITZY grabbed the fourth spot with a brand reputation index of 4,999,521 while Red Velvet scored 4,762,058.

Here are the other K-Pop girl groups who entered the Top 30 this March:Jennie Kim of well-loved K-Pop female quartet BLACKPINK has taken over the latest brand reputation rankings as she became the top girl group member in March 2020.

The rankings are based on consumer participation, media, communication, and community indices. In particular, the Korean Business Research Institute gathered and analyzed a huge amount of data among 476 female idols from February 20 to March 21.

Though it’s been a while since their last comeback, BLACKPINK’s Jennie was able to show her impressive popularity once again as she led the brand ranking list this month. The charismatic and chic idol obtained a brand reputation index of 2,429,988.

Some of the high-ranking phrases from the Jennie’s keyword analysis included her recent “ad”, “pictorial”, and “solo”. The flattering words such as “chic”, “confident”, and “sexy” are also present as her highest-ranking related terms.
• Jennie Is Happy To Fulfill Her Dreams As BLACKPINK Member & Style Icon

Taking the second spot is femme fatale artist Hwasa. The MAMAMOO member has achieved the high rank after acquiring a brand reputation index of 1,627,478.

Previously leading the list since January, Red Velvet’s Joy has fallen down a bit this month at third place. The beautiful and bubbly idol scored 1,572,905.

Rounding up the top five this March are Girls’ Generation’s Taeyeon and APRIL’s Naeun. Taeyeon placed fourth with 1,451,624, while Naeun received a brand reputation index of 1,446,628 at fifth spot.

Check out the other K-pop girl group members who entered the Top 30 this March:
• LOONA Takes Over Brand Rankings As Leading K-Pop Girl Group In March 2020If you love to listen to various genres of music, and don't mind experimenting, then here are some addictive K-pop songs that you must listen and add it to your playlist right away.

Music is something that we all love to listen to. It only lets us enjoy the moment but also acts as a stress buster. All of us have different music preferences, and we love to keep it that way. While some of us enjoy Jazz, blue, Bollywood or Punjabi music, others prefer techno, trance, raps and other kinds of music. But then, some people are known to listen to only K-pop music. They may not understand the lyrics but swear by the Korean music genre.

Be it BTS, Blackpink or Red Velvet- some people are obsessed by the Korean pop stars. And over time, K-Pop has created quite a rage in the music industry. The most notable part about K-pop music is that it's always evolving and blowing our minds with new concepts, sounds, elaborate music videos, and jaw-dropping beauty looks. While it's okay to not experiment with the music, but if you are someone who loves to experiment with music, then here are some addictive K-pop songs that you should consider adding to your playlist right away.

Red Velvet's Peek A Boo is retro, experimenting and has a haunting pop vibe that cannot be missed out on. The lyrics are catchy, and the video is uncanny.

Yep, that's a Korean song. It is probably Dean's most relatable song because he understands our obsession with social media so deeply and puts it out beautifully.

Sung by The Rose, this song will manage it touches your heart right from the very first note to the very end. This song has soft vocals and the steady piano and drum beats add more softness to the song.

This is one of the most well-choreographed songs that you'll come across. With this song, seventeen proves that they can bring the beat, heat, and amazingly-coordinated choreo with every video.

This song is by our favourite BTS and it beautifully explains the process of growing. How one has to deal with his/her growth is something atta's beautifully captured in the song.

An intense but deeply personal track penned by B.A.P's Yongguk and Zelo addresses mental health and self-perceived fears head-on. You might not understand the language, but you'll relate to it.TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — Chou Tzu-yu (周子瑜), the Taiwanese member of K-pop girl group Twice, on Wednesday (March 18) returned to South Korea after undergoing a 14-day quarantine in her hometown of Tainan, Taiwan.

Chou arrived at South Korea's Incheon International Airport on Wednesday, dressed in a drab suit jacket, black shirt, and white tennis shoes with her face covered with a drooping hat and surgical mask. There were few to no fans waiting to greet Chou, and her demeanor appeared somber as she gave only a couple fleeting waves to the throng of photographers surrounding her, before being whisked away in a black van.

The idol had returned to Taiwan on March 3 and taken up residence in her home in the southern city of Tainan to undergo a 14-day quarantine. Chou had reportedly returned because the group's performances had been canceled due to the massive outbreak of Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) in South Korea, where over 8,413 have been infected and 84 have died.

Although she could not venture out during the quarantine, Chou occasionally updated her status for fans on social media. She posted images of some Taiwanese dishes and her pet dog and appeared to be in good spirits in recent days.

Chou had originally planned on extending her stay in Taiwan due to the coronavirus epidemic in South Korea. However, UDN reported on Monday (March 16) that she had received notice from her agency that her group was planning on resuming work and requested her to return to South Korea.

She claimed that her family was not concerned about the outbreak in South Korea because "The company is more nervous than we are," and believes that the company will take the proper preventative measures. On Wednesday, the day that her quarantine ended, Chou boarded a plane back to Incheon.



 Chou (second from right) arriving at Incheon International Airport. (YouTube screenshot)If anyone could be K-pop’s stateside ambassador, it’s Eric Nam. Already a megastar in his adopted home of Seoul, the Korean American from Atlanta is a gifted singer-songwriter with a magnetic personality.

His weekly podcasts, “K-Pop Daebak” and “I Think You’re Dope,” spotlight his quick wit and natural curiosity. He hosts a just-launched Facebook Watch online show “Hwaiting!” featuring K-pop colleagues like Amber Liu and Kard’s BM participating in goofy games. He’s a hybrid entertainer, approachable and humble, well-spoken and self-aware.

“My career’s always been weird,” he says, calling from a Calgary, Alberta, tour stop. “I don’t personally think of myself as an idol. I barely think of myself as a celebrity. I am, but I had seen people around me who had newfound celebrity and it went all the wrong ways. I’ve always been cognizant and intentional about staying as grounded as I can.”

With many K-pop artists postponing or canceling shows due to coronavirus, Nam has been honoring his tour commitments and plans to make his Tuesday, March 10, concert at the Warfield (which is being deep-cleaned daily and will have hand sanitizer readily available, according to Nam’s Instagram story posted just days before the show). But he’s been keeping up with the news from friends and colleagues back in Seoul as the outbreak spreads.

“Music releases, festivals and shows, everything has been put on hold or canceled,” he says. “I believe in our health care professionals and the ability for us as a global community to overcome it. I think people need to be more transparent and open and take every precaution possible.”

This isn’t Nam’s first go-around with the city. In 2009, he was a Boston College student temporarily living in the Mission and interning at Sparkseed, a startup dedicated to social justice. It was a brief stint during a time when he admits he was “too young and so alone to have a major formative experience there.”

How things have changed. He now splits his time between Seoul (his current home base), New York and Los Angeles. His headlining tour packs venues with dedicated fans, known as Nam Nation, who eat up the confessional pop ballads and flossy R&B from his first English-language album, “Before We Begin.” And his between-song banter gets just as much love as his hit tracks.

Nam isn’t a K-pop icon as much as he is a K-pop unicorn. Instead of sacrificing teenage years under a management company’s tutelage, his unusual path began in the early 2000s in Atlanta, a place where K-pop — let alone Korean awareness — was nonexistent.

“I had to explain to my peers what Korea was,” recalls Nam, the son of immigrant parents. “Growing up, there was a lack of awareness of Asians, where we’re from and how diverse we are.”

In search of creative and cultural community, he put up music videos on YouTube in high school and turned to online forums and blogs. Fascinated by entertainment and entrepreneurship, Nam established the local branch of Kollaboration, an L.A.-based Asian American artist collective with chapters all over the nation, while at Boston College.

After graduating, he had a job offer at Deloitte Consulting in New York, but opted for a social enterprise fellowship in India, where he helped set up low-income schools. It was during this time a talent scout saw Nam’s YouTube clips and invited the then-23-year-old to participate on “Star Audition: Birth of a Great Singer 2,” Korea’s version of “American Idol.” He was a runner-up, got signed to a label, and his burgeoning K-pop career was born. He also boosted his stock by appearing on and hosting TV variety shows.

“I knew from the moment I got on TV that my life would be altered and changed forever,” he says. “People look at you in different ways. It was a stressful and exhausting process to jump into.”

Being a solo artist allowed him more control over his professional choices, and you can sense the entrepreneur at work. After proving himself with Korean-language hits, why not go after the worldwide market? Even the album title hints at the start of a new direction.

“It goes back to staying true to promises,” he says. “Once we started, my career goal was always to do stuff and then reverse-engineer it back to the States.”

Nam frames his observations about K-pop frankly but firmly. When asked what changes he’d like to see in K-pop, he wishes fans would explore different sounds and styles, something he did on “Before We Begin.”

“I’ve come to accept that idols will always be idols,” he says. “It’s a sector of music that’s highly productive and successful — and that’s K-pop for many people. I would like to see the understanding of K-pop to become wider and broader and for people to be more aware and accepting of that.”

Nam’s life experiences have forced him to embrace personal and cultural duality — the “otherness” between idol and civilian, citizen and immigrant, entertainer and entrepreneur — every step of the way, from Atlanta to the worldwide stage.

But there’s no identity crisis. To him, he’s just Eric.

“It’s not so much how I define myself, it’s more how people define me,” he says. “Am I an idol? It doesn’t really matter. I hope you enjoy the music and come away with good vibes.”

Stray Kids grow up to dazzle the K-pop world

Mask on: An ounce of prevention against coronavirus goes a long way for K-pop fans

Review: K-pop supergroup SuperM keeps spirits high in San Jose during Super BowlK-Pop singer Eric Nam reaches out to his fans in India seeking for music recommendations. Arijit Singh fans took the opportunity to school him about the Laal Ishq singer.

Did you just log into Twitter and noticed Arijit Singh trending? No, no, he hasn't released a new song. Nor has the Channa Mereya singer sat down for a new interview. Arijit is trending on Twitter due to his and K-Pop singer Eric Nam's fans. The international singer is a popular name among K-Pop music lovers. The singer has crooned numerous songs. This includes Congratulations, Love Die Young and Cave Me In. The 31-year-old star decided to reach out to his fans in India seeking for some music recommendations.

"aight i need some tips from #NamNation in #India - who are some of your favorite Indian singers and performers," he tweeted to his 1.1 million followers earlier today. It has hardly been six hours, at the time of reporting, since the tweet was posted. It already invited almost one and a half thousand responses.

Numerous musicians were suggested to the singer. From AR Rahman, Benny Dayal, Amit Trivedi to Mohit Chauhan and even Ayushmann Khurrana's name was popped up. However, a majority of the responses had one common name: Arijit Singh. Fans begged the singer to give Arijit's songs a shot. Some even gave YouTube links to make his life easy. This led to Arijit's name trend on Twitter.

Check out a few responses below:

There were many others who asked him to stream songs sung by Shreya Ghosal.

This tweet summed up our recommendations perfectly:

What would you recommend Eric Nam? Let us know in the comments below.

Stay tuned to Pinkvilla for more updates.

ALSO READ: BTS: V aka Taehyung had the BEST meal ever at a Korean restaurant & wants the ARMY to try it tooStreamer e famoso por sua participação no programa de televisão Ulzzang Generation, o sul-coreano Lee Chi Hoon morreu hoje, aos 32 anos. De acordo com o site All K-Pop, ele tinha problemas de saúde e teve sintomas semelhantes aos característicos de covid-19, doença causada pelo novo coronavírus, o que o fez suspeitar ter sido infectado.

Segundo a imprensa coreana, Lee tinha problemas linfáticos e foi internado recentemente, conforme ele próprio relatou nas redes sociais.

"Eu visitei o hospital há dois dias, por causa da minha inflamação linfática. Mas hoje estou sentindo dores pelo corpo muito fortes. Espero que não seja o coronavírus", afirmou ele.

"Não tenho força para segurar o mouse, então estou escrevendo esse post no celular, informou ele. Seu funeral será realizado na segunda-feira.

O Ulzzang Generation é um programa que estreou há mais de uma década na Coreia do Sul, com uma competição para descobrir os jovens mais carismáticos do país - o vencedor prova ser um verdadeiro Ulzzang.Les superstars de la pop coréenne vont animer 30 leçons pour faciliter la compréhension de leurs titres dans le monde entier. La série tombe à point nommé pour les fans de BTS reclus chez eux dans le contexte de l'actuelle pandémie.

Il sera question de grammaire et d'expressions coréennes. Les cours ont été conçus par le Korean Languages Content Institute et le professeur Heo Yong de l'Université d'Hankuk de Séoul.

Les adeptes du groupe BTS, qui se surnomment leur "Army", apprendront notamment des expressions fréquemment utilisées par les membres du groupe, RM, Jin, J-Hope, Suga, Jimin, V et Jungkook.

"Learn Korean with BTS" s'appuiera sur des éléments de l'émission de téléréalité "Run BTS!" et des émissions YouTube "Bangtan Bombs" et "BTS Episodes".

Big Hit Entertainment, qui représente les musiciens, explique avoir entendu les demandes de fans, constamment en quête de sous-titres anglais pour les clips du groupe.

Ces épisodes de 3 minutes seront accessibles à partir de ce mardi 24 mars sur l'appli BTS Weverse et seront publiés chaque lundi.

BTS n'en finit plus de promouvoir la culture sud-coréenne dans le monde. Le boys band pulvérise tous les records avec son album "Map of the Soul: 7", sorti récemment.

La Modern Language association a notamment observé une augmentation de 45% des inscriptions en cours de coréen entre 2009 et 2013 dans les établissements américains d'éducation supérieure, ce qui a fait passer le nombre d'étudiants de 8.449 à 12.229.For Wendy from K-pop girl band Red Velvet, singing is all that matters. Raised in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada, she studied in the United States and is the face of the group internationally.Congratulations to BTS, EXO, and NCT for being hailed as the top three male idol groups this March!

The Korean Research Institute has recently revealed the brand reputation rankings among K-Pop boy bands for the month of March. The organization crowned BTS, EXO, and NCT as the leading idol groups.

The rankings are based on consumer participation, media, communication, and community indices. In particular, the institute gathered and analyzed a huge amount of data among numerous male groups from February 12 to March 13.

Leading the brand rankings for 22 straight months now is none other than world-famous K-Pop boy band BTS. Among the total number of 49,614,836 brand reputation index, the septet was able to acquire 12,903,195.

Some of the high-ranking phrases from the group’s keyword analysis included their domination on “Billboard”, their record-breaking “album”, and latest masterpiece “ON”. The positive words such as “cheer on”, “donate”, and “thankful” are also present as the band’s highest-ranking related terms.
• BTS Continues To Pile Achievements With “Map of the Soul: 7”

Securing the second place is South Korea’s representative boy group EXO. The boys were able to maintain their ranking after scoring a brand reputation index of 3,096,492 for March.
• EXO’s Suho To Present New Masterpiece With Solo Debut Mini-Album

Climbing up the list is another well-loved K-Pop group – NCT. The rising boy band obtained a brand reputation index of 2,540,480 this March thanks to the striking 36.14 percent increase in their score since last month.
• NCT 127 Dominates Number One Spot In iTunes Chart For 32 Countries With “NEO ZONE”

Rounding up our top five list are SHINee and SEVENTEEN. SHINee placed fourth with a brand reputation index of 2,106,932 while SEVENTEEN grabbed the fifth spot with a score of 1,986,031.

Here are the other K-Pop boy bands who entered the Top 30 this March:(Séoul) Sa carrière avait explosé en vol il y a 30 ans à cause du sexisme et du racisme d’une société sud-coréenne conservatrice. Aujourd’hui, Yang Joon-il est enfin aimé pour ce qu’il fut : un précurseur de la triomphante K-pop.

Quand on voit le succès des boys band sud-coréens qui jouent à fond sur le mélange des genres, il est difficile d’imaginer qu’on ait pu, au début des années 1990, jeter des pierres — littéralement — sur cet artiste américano-coréen quand il chantait sur scène.

Et ce pour les raisons mêmes qui ont fait la réussite des groupes actuels. Parce qu’à l’époque, ni son allure efféminée, ni ses cheveux longs, ni son maquillage, ni son attitude sur scène ne trouvaient grâce aux yeux du conformisme ambiant.

« Je n’avais pas vraiment l’impression d’être en avance sur mon temps », raconte dans un entretien à l’AFP l’artiste, âgé de 50 ans.

La société tournait alors la page des années 1980 et des décennies de régime autoritaire, sans être tout à fait prête pour la renaissance culturelle qu’engendrerait la fin de siècle.

Redécouvert par la télévision, popularisé par les réseaux sociaux, le chanteur est aujourd’hui comparé aux plus grands, et même à G-Dragon, le leader de BIGBANG.

Tout l’inverse de la fin des années 1980, quand le nationalisme ambiant ne pouvait tolérer son multiculturalisme.

Né au Vietnam de parents coréens qui émigrèrent aux États-Unis, il fut un jour exclu d’une émission parce qu’il avait parlé anglais. Un fonctionnaire l’accusa même de « voler le travail des Coréens ».

« J’avais le sentiment que la Corée et moi étions incompatibles », confie-t-il. « Le public gardait ses distances, alors pendant les concerts, j’évitais de le regarder. »

Il y eut cette fois où un spectateur, feignant de vouloir lui serrer la main, le fit violemment tomber de scène en lui disant : « Tu mérites une correction. »

« Dans les karaokés, les gens éteignaient la machine quand les chansons de Yang étaient jouées », se souvient Yi Duk-jin, un admirateur de la première heure.

« Ils disaient qu’il était trop bizarre parce qu’il parlait anglais, qu’il portait des boucles d’oreille, qu’il avait les cheveux longs. »

Après quelques apparitions à la télévision, il disparut des radars au début des années 1990, rata un retour dix ans plus tard avant de se résigner à sa vie de professeur d’anglais au nord de Séoul.

À son tour, il partit aux États-Unis en 2015, vivota avec sa femme et son bébé, trouva un boulot de serveur en Floride.

Mais en 2018, la télévision sud-coréenne ressort ses vieilles vidéos et la génération Y qui ne l’avait jamais entendu se laisse séduire par ce chanteur du passé tellement semblable aux vedettes actuelles.

Il est passé à la télévision en décembre, pour la première fois depuis 20 ans, et a donné une courte prestation à Séoul à la Saint-Sylvestre devant 2000 fans. Une affluence qu’il n’avait jamais connue.

« Il n’y a pas de mot pour décrire ce moment », dit-il. « J’avais l’impression de ne pas pouvoir respirer. »

Par son attitude défiant le machisme, par ses transgressions du comportement attendu de son genre, Yang Joon-il fut en tout point un « pionnier », analyse John Lie, sociologue à l’Université de Berkeley.

Un an ou deux seulement après la fin de sa première carrière émergeait Seo Taeji And Boys, un des groupes dont les innovations impulsèrent une révolution musicale sud-coréenne dont les mégastars actuelles, comme BTS, sont le produit.

Le secteur de la K-Pop pèse cinq milliards de dollars, avec ses boys band qui jouent à fond sur la confusion des genres et ont un public dans le monde entier.

C’est dans les années 2000 que « le look et le style de Yang sont devenus la norme dans la K-pop », explique Tamar Herman, spécialiste de musique sud-coréenne au magazine Billboard.

Aujourd’hui, Yang Joon-il pourrait contribuer à dépasser le fossé générationnel qui traverse la société sud-coréenne.

D’un côté, les quinquagénaires et sexagénaires qui ont travaillé dur et bénéficié à plein du boum économique sud-coréen, pour qui effort et conformisme sont des vertus cardinales.

De l’autre, les 20-30 ans désabusés par la concurrence exacerbée à l’école ou sur le marche du travail. La génération dite du « triple sacrifice » qui a renoncé au mariage, aux relations amicales ou aux enfants.

« Avant de découvrir Yang, jamais je ne m’étais dit qu’un quinquagénaire pouvait être cool, que j’avais envie de lui ressembler plus tard », explique Lee Young-jun, 35 ans.

« Yang ne donne pas de leçon, il a très bien vieilli et n’a pas peur de faire des choses différentes ou nouvelles. »

Une popularité qui illustre aussi la nostalgie ambiante, selon Mme Herman : redécouvrir des « trésors enfouis » comme lui « donne le sentiment qu’on peut changer le passé, alors que modifier le présent semble si difficile. »The board of directors of South Korean entertainment company SM Entertainment appointed a new CEO and CMO on Tuesday (March 10).

Lee Seong-su, also known as Chris Lee, will reportedly take over as chief executive officer. He will lead alongside chief marketing officer Tak Young-joon.

The changes follow prior shifts last year at SM, where the executive level staff also moved around following outrage from shareholders over a series of financial decisions investors felt didn’t align with their values.

Kim Young-min and Nam So-young formerly served as co-directors of the company as of last year, with Kim acting as CEO and Nam as CMO.

Lee previously served as an A&R executive at SM as well as CEO of Culture Technology Group Asia (CTGA) Europe. He also sits on the company’s board of directors. Tak formerly was allegedly the head of artist management, and also served on the board. Both have been at SM since the early ‘00s, and worked with many of the company's acts.

Since the 1990s, SM Entertainment has fronted the rise of K-pop and is currently the home to the likes of popular K-pop acts such as EXO, SuperM, NCT, Red Velvet, and many others.

Though global markets are dipping, SM Entertainment’s stock rose minimally following the announcement of the new leadership.It was announced on March 31 that the title of the ending theme for the Tower of God TV anime would be 'SLUMP,' once again being performed by the K-POP group Stray Kids, and with it, they spoke about how "honored" they are being able to part of a series that is "really popular in Korea." Check out the video (where they speak English!), and well as their full comments below.

"I knew of “Tower of God” on NAVER WEBTOON from my friend. The story is really interesting from the start and captivated me so I am very honored that we have been given this chance. I am really happy for us to sing the opening and ending theme song for the animation I always wanted to. And to sing it in 3 languages is like a dream."

"It feels unreal to sing the opening and ending theme song for “Tower of God”, that I always watched. I will watch every episode of the animation once it starts. Despite the difficulty singing the song in 3 languages (Japanese, Korean and English), I had a great time. Please look forward to how it ends up."

"'Tower of God' is a very popular piece on NAVER WEBTOON and I have watched it many times. It is a great honor that we, Stray Kids will be singing the opening and ending theme song of such a great animation “Tower of God”. 

Please give it lots of love."

"The Stray Kids member’s all love comics so we have been watching “Tower of God” but to be able to sing the theme songs for the animation is overwhelming. I’m excited to see the airing of the animation 'Tower of God.'"

"'Tower of God' is really popular in Korea so I’m very honored to be able to sing the opening and ending theme songs for such an animation. I’ve always wanted to be a part of animation music so I’m really happy. We recorded the songs in 3 languages so I’m excited that it will reach out to more people. We’ll bring joy to your ears with these songs so please look forward to them."

"I still can’t believe that us, Stray Kids will be singing the opening and ending theme songs for the animation “Tower of God”.

It’s our first time being picked out as the theme songs for an animation so I was really nervous. I remember clearly going to the recording studio preparing my vocals with care. The songs came out great so to think we can deliver it in 3 languages is exciting. I hope a lot of people will listen to it."



"I'm really excited. I already want to watch the animation “Tower of God”. We went through meticulous preparations for the songs so I hope you'll all like it."



"When I first heard we were to do the theme songs, I couldn't believe it. Now I’m really excited. Personally, I really like the ending theme song so I hope you’ll all enjoy it."

While we have to wait until April 1 to hear the ending theme 'SLUMP' from Stray Kids, the opening theme 'TOP' was previewed on March 25 and can be seen below.

It's just over a day until the Tower of God TV anime launches right here on Crunchyroll! Are you all excited to start climbing the tower?

Daryl Harding is a Japan Correspondent for Crunchyroll News. He also runs the YouTube channel about Japan stuff called TheDoctorDazza, tweets at @DoctorDazza and posts photos of his travels on Instagram.She counts K-pop bands such as BTS and Red Velvet as clients and won over Next In Fashion fans, but what’s next for the South Korean designer?ATTENTION: This is not a quiz. This is a collection of quizzes carefully curated for your enjoyment.De todo o pacote que acompanha o sucesso do BTS — que, em geral, é comum a todos os grupos de k-pop —, a dança talvez seja o que mais salta aos olhos dos fãs e crítica. São coreografias absolutamente perfeitas, com movimentos milimetricamente pensados que hipnotizam tanto ao vivo como nos caprichados videoclipes. Dos sete integrantes, são J-Hope, Jimin e Jungkook que são os mais atuantes na criação dos passos do BTS, mas eles não dispensam o apoio de cinco coreógrafos internacionais.

Enquanto J-Hope, Jimin e Jungkook se destacam entre os companheiros como os dançarinos profissionais, já se tornou piada entre o Army a falta de gingado de RM e Jin. O que não significa que eles também não sejam perfeitos na hora de colocar a coreografia em prática.

Os passos sincronizados, intrincados e dinâmicos geralmente são coordenados por J-Hope, líder óbvio durante os ensaios. Mas a importância da coreografia dentro das histórias de suas músicas é tanta que o grupo selecionou, com todo cuidado, profissionais estrangeiros para ajudá-lo no processo criativo.

Os dançarinos se adaptaram ao estilo do BTS, é claro, mas também conseguiram introduzir diferentes influências aos movimentos do septeto. Veja quem são esses magos da dança que dão ainda mais criatividade aos passos dos meninos do BTS:

Essa dançarina e coreógrafa japonesa que chamou atenção quando começou a postar vídeos de suas coreografias em 2008, é a visionária por trás de várias danças icônicas do BTS. Além de ser responsável por uma infinidade de coreografias de k-pop, comanda os grupos de dança Rie Hata Tokyo e Queen of Swag.

Jimin é fã há muito tempo deste dançarino do Texas que trabalhou com Justin Bieber e Chris Brown. Seu estilo fluido pode ser percebido em "Serendipity", enquanto a pegada urbana aparece no desempenho do BTS em "Butterfly".

A dançarina e coreógrafa havaiana de apenas 19 anos é frequente colaboradora nas coreografias do BTS. Ela já assinou a do single "Dionysus" e é o primeiro rosto que aparece no videoclipe do recente "On".

O casal de dançarinos, diretores e instrutores ensina por tutoriais em vídeo e, pelo jeito, funciona superbem. Morando em Nova York, eles assinam atualmente as coreografias dos espetáculos da Broadway “Once Upon A One More Time” e “The Karate Kid”. Com o BTS, já coreografaram "Dope", "Not Today" e "DNA".

O diretor de performance da Big Hit Entertainment acompanha o BTS desde o início. Ele coreografou as primeiras músicas, criando alguns de seus movimentos mais populares, e também deu dicas preciosas de como gesticular e olhar para a câmera nas apresentações ao vivo. Com sua crescente popularidade, ele passou a fazer workshops ao redor do mundo e esteve no Brasil em 2017.Salah satu risiko menjadi figur publik adalah adanya haters yang akan selalu berkomentar negatif tentang diri kita. Sudah melakukan yang baik dan positif pun pasti masih akan ada saja yang tidak suka. Seperti deretan artis Korea berikut ini.

Meskipun mereka mendapat komentar negatif dari warganet, mereka berhasil membalasnya dengan elegan. Bagaimana balasan para artis Korea ini terhadap para warganet yang memberi komentar buruk? Simak ulasannya berikut ini.

1. Momo Twice membalas komentar haters dengan cara savage! Momo Twice melakukan siaran V LIVE bersama Jihyo dan Chaeyoung. Pada siaran V Live Kamis (14/11), Momo tidak sengaja membaca komentar buruk dari haters. "Banyak penggemar meninggalkan komentar baik. Tetapi beberapa meninggalkan komentar buruk," ucap Momo. Sedangkan Jihyo menanggapi, "Mengapa mereka meninggalkan komentar, jika tidak suka?" "Mereka iri padaku!" sahut Momo. Jika kebanyakan idol akan memilih untuk diam dan mengabaikan komentar negatif. Momo justru memilih buat ngebalas komentar negatif itu. Keren, deh!

2. Jackson GOT7 menanggapi serangan rasisme dengan tenang dan penuh cinta Sebelum tampil di M! Countdown pada kamis (23/5), Jackson, Youngjae, dan Jinyoung GOT7 juga sempat melakukan V LIVE. Di tengah siaran tersebut, seorang haters meninggalkan komentar berbau rasisme untuk Jackson. "Lucu ya, ketika Jakson berbicara dalam bahasa Korea. Dia masih terdengar seperti seorang Ching (sebuah istilah rasis untuk menyebut orang Tiongkok)," tulis netizen tersebut dikutip dari Koreaboo. Dengan tenang Jackson membalas, "Kau tahu? Tak ada komentar negatif, oke? Mari tetap positif. Mari menyebarkan banyak cinta. Dan mari lebih banyak mencintai dari pada membenci."

3. CL eks 2NE1 juga pernah menyindir haters lewat sosial media Instagram Mantan leader 2NE1 ini juga pernah membalas komen haters. CL pernah mengunggah sebuah foto mata di Instagram dengan caption #icouldmakeahaterfamousyah. Diyakini, unggahan itu berhubungan dengan reaksi model Kim Jin Kyung yang disebut mirip CL. Walaupun pesan itu terlihat umum, reaksi CL dinilai cukup keren dan mengagumkan. Hayo, siapa lagi nih yang berani kasih komentar buruk ke CL?

4. Seventeen mampu tetap tenang saat merespons pertanyaan yang menyinggung Seventeen juga harus menjadi sasaran haters. Hal ini terjadi ketika mereka melakukan siaran di AfreecaTV. Salah satu penonton siaran mereka, mengatakan bahwa grup asuhan Pledis Entertainment ini memiliki wajah yang tidak semenawan idol korea lain. Selain itu salah satu netizen juga menulis, "Apakah kalian akan disband setelah 17 tahun?" Pertanyaan ini dibalas Seventeen dengan candaan ringan. Mereka juga menyebutkan, "Wah terima kasih kalian sudah perhatian dengan grup kami, daripada tidak sama sekali kan?"

5. Amber Liu mantan pentolan f(x) bahkan membuat konten khusus menjawab komentar haters Amber Liu kerap tampil tomboi dan gagah di beberapa aksi panggung dan kesehariannya. Mantan rapper dari f(x) ini sering mendapat komentar negatif tentang bagian dadanya. Uniknya, Amber Liu membalas komentar negatif itu melalui video YouTube-nya. "Oh Tuhan! Amber di mana dadamu?" tulis salah satu haters. "Good question. Aku rasa sebaiknya aku mulai mencarinya," jawab Amber di awal video. Di dalam video berdurasi 6:54, Amber juga sesekali kembali membahas topik tentang dadanya dan dibumbui dengan candaan. Gokil banget!

6. Lee Daehwi AB6IX dengan tenang membalas ujaran kebencian saat siaran live Belum lama ini Lee Daehwi mantan pentolan Wanna One dan member AB6IX menuai kekaguman fans. Dengan tenang pria 17 tahun ini merespons komentar keji haters di siaran live streaming-nya. "Aku gak masalah dengan apa pun yang kalian katakan, entah itu baik atau buruk. Aku terima. Dan untuk kalian yang bicara jelek tentangku, hal itu akan kembali pada dirimu," tuturnya dalam bahasa Inggris yang fasih. Itu dia 6 artis Korea yang berani membalas komentar buruk tentang diri mereka. Nggak perlu pakai emosi dan otot. Justru mereka malah kalem dan asyik bercanda tuh! Yuk sudahi bullying baik di sosial media maupun kehidupan nyata. Disclaimer: artikel ini sudah pernah tayang di laman IDNTimes.com dengan judul "Momo Twice dan 5 Idol KPop ini Berani Lawan Komentar Haters, Tangguh!" Baca Juga: Salut Banget, 6 Idol Kpop Ini Dibesarkan oleh Orangtua TunggalAfter six weeks of dominance by Red Velvet’s “Psycho,” a new song has finally taken over the top spot! IZ*ONE’s “FIESTA” scored high on every chart source and entered the chart at No. 1. Congratulations to IZ*ONE!

Although their comeback was delayed by several months due to controversy involving the “Produce 101” series, IZ*ONE was able to make a successful comeback with their first studio album “BLOOM*IZ” following a long hiatus. The title song “FIESTA” is a future house style dance song with bass and synth sounds. The festive song represents IZ*ONE being in full bloom and turning their dreams into reality

After its long reign at No. 1, “Psycho” continues to prove its longevity as it still remains strong at No. 2 this week.

Rounding out the top three is IU’s “I Give You My Heart”, the 11th and final single from the OST of the tvN drama “Crash Landing On You,” which placed three songs in the top 10 this week. “I Give You My Heart” is a song that expresses the heartfelt wishes Ri Jung Hyuk (Hyun Bin) and Yoon Se Ri (Son Ye Jin).

The final new song in the top 10 this week is BTS’s “ON.” Despite being released near the end of the week, the title track from BTS’s fourth studio album “MAP OF THE SOUL : 7” made a strong entry at No. 6. The powerful hip hop song reflects on BTS’s experiences since their debut seven years ago and accepts the challenges that come along as a result.

Soompi Music Chart takes into account rankings by various major music charts in Korea as well as the hottest trending artists on Soompi, making it a unique chart that reflects what’s going on in K-pop not only in Korea but around the world. Our chart is composed of the following sources:Suga joined Big Hit Entertainment to become a producer, but says he was ‘tricked’ into signing by founder Bang Si-hyuk, who said he would be in a group like 1TYM, and that he could focus on rappingMAX is getting fans hyped about a collaboration on his upcoming album Colour Vision!

The 27-year-old musician teased that there would be a song on the album that features an artist who speaks Korean.

“SO I JUST GOT VOCALS IN FOR A FEATURE ON THE ALBUM…AND THEYRE IN KOREAN…😏,” MAX wrote.

While MAX didn’t specify who would be on the song, many fans are guessing Suga from BTS, who he met at a concert earlier this year and was later spotted with at a basketball game.

MAX has already released on song off of his new album titled “Where Am I At.”

Colour Vision is set to drop on May 22nd.