"I think it's really good that a lot of people around the world -- Koreans and Asians -- can see how people who look like them express themselves and music ... it seems that the boundary has faded a lot. It's not K-pop and pop, but all just pop," she said, mentioning latest K-pop sensations like BTS.The South Korean pop band BTS recently sat at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 charts with their hit song "Dynamite." Another group, BlackPink, also set a record last month, with 300 million streams on Spotify for their 2018 hit "Ddu-du Ddu-du." The movie "Parasite" stunned the world earlier in the year when it became the first foreign-language film to win the Oscar for best picture.

Now, the South Korean government wants to tap into the popularity of "the Korean wave" to promote the nation's language and culture. If more people are speaking Korean, the thinking goes, then that can only be good for business, the economy and national prestige.

South Korea's Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism announced in September that it will spend €63.96 million ($75.2 million) on promoting Korea's "hangul" alphabet, a bump of more than €17 million.

Read more: K-pop's online fan base gets political – unlike its stars

The money is going to be spent on increasing the dissemination of the language overseas and teaching more people. Seoul's Culture Ministry hopes that learning the language will make more people interested in Korean history, art, music, cuisine and other facets of its culture.

The task of sharing the Korean language with more people is being passed on to the network of King Sejong Institutes — the equivalent of Germany's Goethe Institute — that have been set up since 2007 around the world, usually in collaboration with universities or colleges in major cities abroad.

There are 213 of these institutes in 76 countries, including three in Germany, at universities in Berlin, Mannheim and Tübingen.

And to get the word out, authorities here are utilizing what is arguably the nation's most visible export: "hallyu," or Korean pop culture.

"People elsewhere often know about Korea first through our music, our television dramas or films, so it makes a lot of sense to build on that interest and use it to spread the word," Song Young-chae, a professor at the Center for Global Creation and Collaboration at Seoul's Sangmyung University, told DW.

"If you go back 30 or 40 years, then quite a few people knew very little about Korea and Korean culture, including where in the world the Korean Peninsula was located," he said. "Things are certainly different now, but anything that can be done to let the world know more about Korea has to be a good thing."

Read more: How South Korea's K-pop world takes a toll on celebrities

As well as helping people to better understand modern-day Korea, this sort of education can be used to promote business connections, Song added, while another benefit will be to change some of the perceptions that surround the peninsula.

"If you look at the papers or watch the television news, then most of the coverage on there is going to be about North Korea, about Kim Jong Un, defectors, nuclear weapons and missiles, so it is important that we can communicate more of the positive messages from here," he underlined.

Leif-Eric Easley, an associate professor of international studies at Ewha Womans University in Seoul, agrees that "cultural promotion is a winning strategy for South Korea because it is great for national pride and business.

"There are limits, however," he cautioned. "Because excessive self-regard and government involvement can actually undermine soft power."

South Korean pop culture has had a following in East Asia for several decades, with musicians and the stars of television dramas attracting a sometimes fevered following in Japan, Taiwan, China and Southeast Asia.

K-pop, dramas and films are also hugely popular in North Korea, although not with the government there. Music and television programs are smuggled into the North on memory sticks and are available on the black market and widely shared.

Numerous defectors have said they decided to flee their homeland after seeing the freedom that people in the South enjoyed and images of homes fitted with modern household appliances and supermarkets with plentiful supplies of food.

The fascination with Korean pop culture has now spread worldwide, helped immensely by the evolution of social media.

The global breakthrough was arguably achieved in 2012 ,when Psy's "Gangnam Style" was a viral hit from Seoul to Seattle and Stuttgart. That has been followed up by groups such as BlackPink, Stray Kids, EXO and Monsta X, although the biggest name in South Korean music is still the seven-piece boy band BTS.

With its latest hit, "Dynamite," BTS became the first all-Korean band to top the Billboard charts, while the video that goes with the track broke three Guinness World Records for viewership.

Korean cinema was also put firmly on the map in February when Bong Joon-ho lifted no fewer than four Oscars, including for best picture, at the 92nd Academy Awards in Los Angeles. "Parasite" made movie history by becoming the first non-English language film to win best picture.

The Culture Ministry is linking up with universities and agencies representing K-pop stars to produce Korean-language educational courses, such as "Learn Korean with BTS." The educational package includes four textbooks and a "sound pen" that plays back the pronunciation of words and phrases. Released on August 24, the initial release was sold out in the US in 20 minutes and in three hours in Japan.

According to the ministry, Korean is the 14th most widely used language in the world, with some 77.3 million native speakers.

Unveiling the campaign, Park Yang-woo, the culture minister, said, "We will work hard to establish the Korean language as one of the important pillars of the 'Korean wave' and promote the use of this glorious language across the globe."

The article has been updated to show that BTS is the first all-Korean band (and not a Korean song) to top the Billboard charts."Every flow has its ebb" and so does every star.

 Members of K-pop groups enjoy their glory days when they are young; but after a group disbands, the stars, still in their 20s or 30s, are left to face the "real world" out of the spotlight.

 This is the situation that almost all K-pop stars have to deal with after "careers" lasting just a few years. According to the Fair Trade Commission, seven years is the longest single contract period between a management company and a singer. After that, the two have to renew it to maintain a business relationship, but more often than not, they choose not to.

 The reasons vary. The groups may not be profitable enough or one of the members may want to pursue their personal dreams. Even some of the most popular girl groups of their times, such as Sistar, Girls' Day and 2NE1, were not exceptions to the "seven-year curse." 

 After the groups' disbandment, many stars ― including B.A.P's Youngjae, 4Minute's HyunA, 2NE1's CL and Sistar's Hyolyn ― carry on solo careers or, in some cases, turn to acting as did Sistar's Bora and Wonder Girls' Sohee.

 "All singers are different: they have various skill sets and thoughts about what they want to do. But in general, it is safer for them to forge singing or acting careers because they understand the industries," critic Jung Min-jae, who writes for music magazine IZM, told The Korea Times. 

 Nevertheless, an increasing number of stars explore other options such as opening and operating their own YouTube channels. Some turn themselves into businesspeople.

 In recent years, many singers who already have star power have opened YouTube channels, where they try to build their future.

 Mir or Bang Cheol-yong of boy band MBLAQ, which de facto disbanded in 2015 after its 2009 debut, is one of them. 

 In 2017, Mir opened his channel "Mir Bang," in which he share content about his personal life. After his channel became popular with laugh-provoking videos featuring his family members, he renamed the channel as "Bang Family" and has focused on creating such content. Today it boasts more than 640,000 subscribers. 

Visit Mir's YouTube channel: bit.ly/3devM7u



Way, formerly of now-defunct girl group Crayon Pop, has also turned herself into a YouTube star. 

 Way, who launched her channel in 2017, mostly unfolds the behind-the-scene stories of K-pop girl groups. She has touched on various subjects ranging from the hardships suffered by female K-pop stars to beauty tips. So far, more than 290,000 people have signed up for her channel. 



Visit Way's YouTube channel: bit.ly/2GPcJEY

 Many other stars including MBLAQ's G.O have also been active on the platform. 

 "Once K-pop stars are forced to climb down from the top, they lose platforms to communicate with their fans," pop culture critic Kim Hern-sik said. "For them, YouTube is a platform where they can continue to interact with them and remain stars."

 But it does not come without risk.

 "They are not under any system on YouTube. Without a company's system or management, it can be challenging to maintain the quality of their content. Also, they can run out of ideas or just burn out."

 Some singers like Yoobin, the member of disbanded K-pop girl group Wonder Girls, have run their own businesses. Debuted in 2007, the band became a huge success, but broke up in 2017.

 After the disbandment, Yoobin set up management company rrr ("real recognize real") Entertainment in February, saying she wanted to challenge herself as a CEO and an artist. Her former colleague Hyerim joined her in March.

 Prospects



Some stars are more "resilient" than others even as they approach their late 30s. K-pop acts TVXQ and Super Junior have 17 and 15 years of singing experience under their belt, respectively, but they still enjoy immense popularity across the world. 

 Critic Jung offers possible rationales behind their lingering star power.

 "K-pop singers today interact with their fans and the public more frequently through social media and various TV channels, than ever before," he said. "They also release albums more frequently ― usually in the form of EPs ― because their management companies want to make the most of them within seven years and keep them in the spotlight.





"On top of that, groups like Super Junior have a solid international fan base, which does not die down easily." 

 Experts say stars should make long-term plans instead of focusing on "how to make money now."

 "I think stars should take a two-track approach," critic Kim said. "They, like everyone else, will go through ups and downs. They need long-term goals and plans.

 "Maybe they can try operating music-related business and make a wise use of their talent and experience. I believe management companies, which train aspiring singers from childhood, should be more responsible for educating them and helping them plan their lives after their music careers."

 Some say management companies should not be held responsible for what happens to stars after their contracts end. But Jung thinks, at least during the contract period, companies should help their stars grow as musicians so that, if they want, the stars can continue their careers in the industry later on.

 "Agencies need to offer musical support to such singers ― after a group's popularity declines, the agencies usually don't give them any good songs or connect them with good songwriters," he said."Blackpink: Light Up the Sky" is a Netflix production about the extremely successful girl band from South Korea that has skyrocketed to fame in recent years.

Blackpink's most recent YouTube clips have been clicked by more than 500 million fans. The K-pop, or Korean pop, band has just set a new sales record with "The Album."

The band is scheduled to perform on popular US late night shows — such as James Corden and Stephen Colbert — and will be the first South Korean band ever on stage at the California Coachella Festival.

Blackpink perform in Korean and English, with a bit of rap sprinkled in for good measure. The four girls deliver sophisticated choreographies to perfectly produced beats, which in the long run might be seen as somewhat monotonous. But the formula works, and their music sells.

Jennie, Lisa, Jisoo and Rose all have solid voices and are all musically trained: they all play instruments, which, however, are not heard in their hit songs. Their whole act is based on an extremely tough training program with other young girls — a time the Netflix film only addresses in passing:

In the years leading up to the band’s 2016 launch, the YG entertainment company had dozens of girls spend 14 hours in training every day with an eye on putting together this new girl band.

 Those sessions were brutal — as if they were headed for the Olympic Games. But at the same time, this disciplined work ethic is part of what makes K-pop so popular: the audience pays to see perfection.

Over the past few years, Blackpink changed its squeaky-clean image gradually to a more sexy look than this 2017 picture

The documentary focuses on the four young women aged between 23 and 25 who emerged as the winners of the lengthy YG program.

The film, however, does not look at the many contenders who did not make it in; teenagers who flocked to the academies hoping for national and global fame after dropping out of school and leaving friends and families behind to live their dream.

But dozens of such young people fall by the wayside each year because they are deemed not talented or disciplined enough, and are then marked with the stigma of failure.

The Netflix documentary stays somewhat on the surface, perhaps because Netflix has business ties to YG Entertainment. The dark side of life on the road to success does not fit the squeaky-clean image the young K-pop stars radiate: no scandals, no alcohol, no cigarettes, no tattoos, and endless, competitive rehearsals as the prize for fame.

Sandara Park of 2NE1, a K-pop band that no longer exists today, said in a recent interview that YG Entertainment imposed a five-year dating ban on her after she finally made it into the band following years of tough training.

Similar rules are thought to apply to the young members of Blackpink, which gives their current hit single "Lovesick Girls" a whole new meaning.

From practice sessions to the finished product, everything is completely orchestrated in K-pop, which plays a huge role in its success.

In 2016, the newly founded girl band shyly presented itself to the South Korean press for the first time. Four years later, the four young women have completed a world tour, have recorded a song with Lady Gaga ("Sour Candy") and have released their second album featuring guest appearances by Selena Gomez and Cardi B.

The four K-pop girls are influencers, too: they show up in Samsung ads and are brand ambassadors for popular fashion labels.

K-pop is not exactly a new phenomenon; it was first created about two decades ago, and made waves around the world in 2012 with the South Korean singer Psy's hit song "Gangnam Style." 

 The video was the most viewed video in the history of YouTube.

While Psy's fame since has faded, Blackpink is only just getting started on their global career. Singer Psy represented a fun gateway to the K-pop phenomenon, but then, as is now, focusing on fun is certainly the exception and not the rule in the competitive world of K-pop.

Artists like Blackpink are not supposed to leave the beaten K-pop track; they are meant to be shining celebrities, and appear pristine in every way. That's what the fans pay for after all.

Should they break the mold and express an opinion that does not meet the high moral expectations in South Korea, they face bullying on social networks.

This is why they often end up keeping rather mum to avoid controversy and contentious issues — a strategy that has apparently worked for years but has also made for some surprising moments in the K-pop music industry:

When the BTS K-pop boy group expressed its firm solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement — along with a $1 million (€ 853,000) donation — the South Korean media did not know how to even broach the subject in its coverage at first.

The strain of constantly having to be perfect has proven to be too much for some K-pop artists, as several have committed suicide in recent years. YG Entertainment may demand perfection from its artists, but the company itself made headlines last year with scandals concerning prostitution and sex videos.

The dark underbelly of the K-pop phenomenon therefore deserves to be explored much deeper. "Blackpink: Light Up the Sky," however, does that quite measure up to that: it is more of a long music video than a revealing documentary, garnished with harmless interview sequences and studio recordings. It is unclear whether the girls have become actual friends or are just business partners.

Are they happy? As the last show of the world tour came to an end, Rose told the audience that the girls missed out on a lot to pursue their career, and that they are a long away from home — and then she started to cry.

"Tears of joy!" the other three girls immediately interfered.

Deutsche Welle reports cautiously on the subject of suicide because there are indications that some forms of media coverage can have a copycat effect. If you have suicidal thoughts or feel distressed, do not hesitate to seek help. You can find out where help is available in your country by visiting the website https://www.befrienders.org/. In Germany, call the toll-free numbers 0800/111 0 111 and 0800/111 0 222 to get in touch with the Telefonseelsorge crisis helpline.

This article was adapted from the German original by Dagmar Breitenbach.In the last few years, K-pop has become more than just a music genre. Its influence has not only been proven on the Billboard charts and on US TV shows, but has also spilled over into the realm of diplomacy. 



Recently, global sensation BTS faced an uproar after the group received an award from the Korea Society, which celebrates South Korea-US ties. In an acceptance speech, leader RM mentioned the “pain of history” in a reference to the 1950-1953 Korean War. 



His seemingly innocuous remarks enraged millions of Chinese social media users, who criticized him for neglecting the sacrifices of China, which fought on North Korea’s side. 





China’s state-run Global Times stood at the forefront of accusing the group, while big advertisers like Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor were forced to remove BTS-themed products and ads from their Chinese websites. 



Even in Seoul, the issue was mentioned during the ongoing parliamentary audit, with the ruling and opposition parties pitted against each other. 



It seems inevitable that K-pop keeps being subject to diplomatically tricky situations, especially considering South Korea’s geographical position and its complicated history with neighboring countries. Still, experts say culture and politics should be kept separate. 



“When it comes to diplomatic or historical issues, conflicts are unavoidable, even unsolvable, since they are a matter of perspective. I think BTS did what they could do at the given situation, and those to be blamed are people who try to frame it with nationalism,” culture critic Jung Duk-hyun told The Korea Herald. 



“What’s most important here is that we should let culture serve its best purpose, which is to enable cross-cultural communication and overcome linguistic and historical barriers.” 



Lee Gyu-tag, a professor at George Mason University Korea, predicted similar controversies in the future as K-pop extends its presence globally. 



A growing number of K-pop groups are embracing foreign members to better appeal to global markets. The issue is that the performers are sometimes considered to be representing their home countries. 



“Foreign members will keep facing pressure to espouse public support for their own nationalities in such circumstances. We remember that big bands with Chinese or Japanese members struggle when long-held diplomatic issues resurface,” Lee said. “East Asia’s historical background is much more complicated than many global K-pop fans think.”



So how should K-pop artists and their agencies deal with these situations?



“Unless it’s a matter of racism, gender or ethical problems, I don’t think there’s any need to be agitated by the controversy itself. I believe it’s best to allow the bandmates to freely express their opinions and focus on their careers, rather than reacting to something they cannot control,” he said. 



By Hong Dam-young (lotus@heraldcorp.com)Event will be part of Korean Cultural Week celebrations

The Consulate General of Republic of Korea in Chennai has announced that as a part of their 4th Korean Cultural Week celebrations, online tutorials on K-Pop singing and dancing will be released starting from Friday.

For this initiative, the Dream K-Pop Girls, a team of five college girls, will be sharing their self-made video tutorial classes on social media. They will talk about their journey with K-Pop and interest in Korean culture, and introduce their own techniques for singing and dancing as seen in K-Pop songs. Through this, they aim to get more people interested in expressing their talents and creativity through K-Pop.

The members of Dream K-pop Girls had earlier emerged successful in a series of K-pop contests conducted across the country. They are Rhea Rajkumar, a third year MBBS student at Madras Medical College; R. Sruthi, a postgraduate in Business Economics; Subiksha Priyal, a first year fashion designing student; Sindhoo Dhana, a software engineer; and Jeson Dagam, a third year medical student.

In a press release, the consulate said that this initiative was considered to be the first attempt to ‘Indianise’ K-Pop song and dance by the young generation of India. Hong-yup Lee, Deputy Consul General, said they were proud to introduce this Korean cultural week event with Indian youngsters.

The video tutorials can be found on Instagram on the handle @dream___kpop and on YouTube at the Dream Kpop 2020 channel. Persons who share these videos or add comments stand a chance to win prizes. Screenshots of these can be sent to K_culture.chennai@yahoo.com.Purchase a Team or Enterprise subscription for per week

You will be billed per month after the trial endsTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Why did this happen?

Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Enhypen, a new boy group from Mnet’s survival show “I-Land,” is slated to make its highly anticipated debut in November. It’s only been a few weeks since the multinational seven-piece band put up its first official profile, but this sensational rookie act has already attracted the spotlight. 



Initially, the high-profile show -- jointly organized by South Korean entertainment giant CJ ENM and Big Hit Entertainment, home to BTS and TXT -- had a rough start due to extremely low ratings and a series of controversies. However, backed by its undeniably powerful global fandom, Enhypen emerged as a force to be reckoned with. The group’s Twitter account racked up over 710,000 followers within two days of its launch. On Big Hit’s online fan community Weverse, Enhypen followers already outnumber TXT followers and are second in number only to BTS followers. 







Just like its predecessors, Enhypen is expected to present a world-building narrative and youth-oriented stories. “Throughout the audition, the bandmates have connected two opposite worlds as trainees and artists. The group’s name fits well into their future roles, which is to connect, discover and grow with each other,” explained Big Hit CEO Bang Si-hyuk. 



With excitement building around the next K-pop superstars, we have profiled the seven musicians to get an idea of what to expect from them. 









Yang Jung-won



Age: 16 



Yang finished first on “I-Land” during the final round, and his best strengths are dancing and singing. Despite his comparatively short trainee period, he succeeded in impressing the show’s judges, including Bang, with his outstanding performance.



Yang has studied taekwondo since he was very young and enjoys taking strolls in the rainy weather. 



His role model is Jungkook of BTS. 











Park Jong-sung 



Age: 18 



The band’s Korean American member comes from Seattle and is fluent in both Korean and English. Park came to Korea at age 10 and became a trainee under Big Hit in 2017. He is currently enrolled in Hanlim Arts School, where he majors in contemporary dance. 



He grabbed attention with his straightforward, ambitious personality and also sang the first verse of “Into the I-Land,” the soundtrack for the audition show. 



He looks up to the singer Rain, who was also a mentor on the show. 



Park finished second on the show. 









Park Sung-hoon



Age: 17 



Having finished the competition in sixth place, Park honed his performance skills with activities such as figure skating, modern dance and ballet. Originally a figure skater, he is also capable of acrobatic dancing and expressing his emotions through dance. For the past two years, Park has juggled trainee life with a figure skating career. 



He decided to become an idol after watching a BTS concert in Seoul. 









Ni-Ki 



Age: 14



The youngest member of the group, Ni-Ki hails from Okayama, Japan. Having danced since he was very young, he has been recognized as the best dancer in the group. Producer Bang once said during a show, “I’m glad my judgment about you was not wrong,” and other judges have also praised his dancing. 



He said he started learning dance at the age of 3 by imitating videos of Michael Jackson. He was even nicknamed after the US pop guru when dancing in Japan. 



Ni-Ki finished fourth in the final round.









Lee Hee-seung 



Age: 18



While not an official band leader, Lee has shown a lot of leadership in the course of the program. 



Called an all-rounder trainee, Lee is a talented vocalist and dancer. He’s trained with TXT members under Big Hit, and has mesmerized viewers by delivering an excellent performance in each episode. Lee’s best strengths are freestyle dancing and live performance. He finished the show fifth. 



Lee said his role model is his own father. 









Kim Sun-woo



Age: 17



One of the bubbliest and most energetic members of the group, Kim has a very wide vocal range. While he doesn’t use fancy techniques, Kim’s voice is unique and pure, making him stand out from the crowd. Although he is very talented, he has had health issues and underwent surgery last year. He finished the show in eighth place. 









Sim Jae-yoon 



Age: 17



Hailing from Brisbane, Australia, Sim, who goes by the stage name Jake, decided to pursue a K-pop career after watching BTS’ “DNA” in the US. Considering his short trainee period, Sim has shown significant growth in each “I-Land” episode. While he doesn’t speak perfect Korean, his vocal stability and range are highly evaluated. 



One of his life goals is to collaborate with US musician Drake and make it to No. 1 on the Billboard charts. 



He finished the show third.



By Hong Dam-young (lotus@heraldcorp.com)Brimming with confidence and bad girl vibes, nothing seems to daunt the group's four divas -- soloists Uhm Jung-hwa and Lee Hyori, rapper Jessi and Hwasa of girl group MAMAMOO -- who seem to get along pretty well despite their age gap and different backgrounds.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.This New K-Pop Group Has Virtual MembersHalloween is one of the most fun times to be a K-pop fan. From creepy costumes galore to themed performances and broadcasts, there’s a lot of content to devour. Halloween might have originated in Europe, but South Korean celebrities seem to love this ghostly festival just as much as a zombie loves human brain. They are always trying to one up each other when it comes to unleashing their freaky and quirky sides on the occasion. This year, while the usual big parties were not possible, thanks to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Halloween spirit remained high in Hallyu land.

Sunmi, the Gashina hitmaker, turned into Maleficent and Koanashi, to wish her fans for Halloween. The former Wonder Girls member is quite a unique performer, and quirky might as well be her middle name.

Singer and record producer Gray found his Halloween inspiration in the Sheriff Woody, the cowboy from Toy Story films. He also shared snippets from a small gathering with other musicians in his Instagram stories.

Sultry songstress Lee Hi brought out her devilish side. Seems like Lee Hi had an early Halloween celebration with some of her friends, including singer Jamie, who also brought forth her A-game.

READ | Stay home, save lives, urge IN2IT, Dreamcatcher, AleXa in K-pop collab Be The Future

The biggest highlights of the Halloween season though were the special performances by several groups — Everglow, Cravity, Loona, WEi, Verivery, and more — complete with costume and makeup ranging from scary to cutesy.

Here’s ATEEZ’s chilling rendition of The Black Cat Nero, wherein they seem to be playing werecats:

Horror queens Dreamcatcher— the all-girl sextet whose group concept itself is supernatural — shared a Halloween special dance version of their song Boca for their fans. The dress code? Zombies from the historical drama Kingdom!

Meanwhile, K-pop group Stray Kids brought the Halloween spirit into their virtual fan meeting. Fans got to see their favourite stars dressed as Draco Malfoy, Chucky the murderous doll, Grim Reaper from the hit K-drama Goblin, Sherlock Holmes, etc.

Girl group Everglow also had a Halloween party among themselves, and seems like their theme was all-female gang made of kickass heroines.

K-pop group The Boyz made quite a motley crew for their Halloween outing. While some went the superhero route, others turned towards popular Korean movies and dramas. Can you spot Lee Min Ho’s character from Boys Over Flowers and Song Joong Ki’s Werewolf Boy?

Another fun Halloween surprise was Momoland’s online party, where the singers turned up as Tinkerbell, Catwoman, Sailor Moon, Marilyn Monroe, and the most hilarious of all, characters from the popular game Among Us.

Sadly, the biggest names from the industry, such as BTS, Blackpink, GOT7, EXO, etc. remained missing in spooky action. Here’s hoping Halloween 2021 will be bigger and safer for all, and free of coronavirus. Until then, take style cues from these looks and have yourself a creeptastic celebration, with social distancing guidelines, of course. Happy Hallyuween!

Interact with the author at Twitter/@TheMissCuriousThe seven members of BTS -- Jin, Suga, J-Hope, RM, Jimin, V, and Jungkook -- and their label, Big Hit Entertainment, made the donation in June , during the height of protests over the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis. In a recent interview with Variety, the group explained their reasons behind the donation.

"When we're abroad or in other situations, we've also been subjected to prejudice. We feel that prejudice should not be tolerated; it really has no place," Jin told the magazine.

"It was a decision we thought about very carefully: What could we do, as part of our overall message of speaking out against prejudice and violence? We discussed it very carefully with the company and that's how this came about," RM added.

The group explained that they do not consider themselves political and the donation was not meant to be something other than a donation.

"Ours are initiatives that any person who wishes to live in a just world would want to pursue. We aren't trying to send out some grandiose message...It's about us being against racism and violence. Most people would be against these things," Suga said. Around the time the donation was made, BTS posted a simple message on their Twitter account standing with Black Lives Matter supporters in their American audience: "We stand against racial discrimination. We condemn violence. You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together. #BlackLives Matter." In the next 25 hours after the donation was made, their fans, known as the Army, matched it. "We always want to do what we can to make it a better world, whether in Korea or elsewhere, and go in as much of a positive direction as we can, whether through our music or charity," J-Hope said."BTS always emphasizes the importance of kindness and compassion and talk about many of the same experiences, fears, and dreams that we all experience at some point in our life. This brings so many fans, like myself, a sense of comfort and belonging," says Michelle Gutierrez, a 26 year-old graduate student from Texas, who is hoping to invest when shares becomes available in the US.In the wonderful world of K-Pop, the group A.C.E’s journey into the spotlight has been an unusual one. The band name is short for Adventure Calling Emotions, and the five-strong group of men, made up of Jun, 26, Wow, 27, Donghun, 27, Byeongkwan, 24, and Chan, 22, are risk-takers: they were some of the best trainees from the top Korean entertainment agencies, and yet they took a leap of faith and formed a group under the small umbrella company of Beat Interactive.

Together, they have been on an unconventional path, hustling for their place in the spotlight. Combining old-school methods of busking on the streets of Seoul with building an online following (their fandom is known as Choice), through collaborating with the famous 1MILLION Dance studio, A.C.E will grab your attention by any means necessary – even if it means taking bold steps in breaking gender norms by performing in hot pants (a decision that proved controversial in 2017).

Since debuting three years ago, the group has amassed over one million subscribers on YouTube and released numerous albums. Their latest release is HJZM: The Butterfly Phantasy, which dropped last month, with the title track “Favorite Boys”. The album release was accompanied by imagery which pays homage to the boys’ Korean culture, from traditional fight choreography right down to styling variations on their ancestral clothes.

Miss Vogue met A.C.E in a café in Seoul to talk about making an album during a pandemic, the best parts of their culture, and the message of hope they are sending to their fans.

How have you been keeping busy during the lockdown?

Jun: It was not a happy time for us all. I have tried to communicate with my fans more than anything. We know that the fans have been waiting for our new album for a long time. We tried to express our gratitude in the new album. We spent a lot of time at home training, making music, working and refraining from going out.

How does HJZM: The Butterfly Phantasy differ from your previous album?

Byeongkwan: The biggest difference is that we started [defining] A.C.E’s universe, the world view.

Donghun: And in this album concept, we [made] many references to fables and traditional fairy tales.

Chan: If you watch the music video, the accessories with the costumes are traditional Korean accessories. We were very happy because those are very authentic elements of Korea, and it delivers Korean culture to international fans.

What are your favourite lyrics from the album?

Jun: “You are my only clover in this endless wandering.” I wrote this specifically for my fans [known as] Choice. Because if there were no fans, there [would be] no A.C.E.

Chan: From “Baby Tonight”: “I can give you more even though I lose everything that I have.”

Wow: In “Goblin (Favorite Boys)” there’s a chant before the chorus. I like it because it is very simple, like a goblin offering you wishes.

Donghun: In “Golden Goose”, [there is a line that] means, “Let’s lay gold eggs.” It might sound greedy, but I think it’s bold and dominant.

Byeongkwan: From “Golden Goose,” [a line that] means, “Now cut the belly of the goose that lays golden eggs.”

You put a lot of traditional references in the music video for “Favourite Boys”. What’s your favourite part of Korean culture?

Byeongkwan: In our choreography we have [incorporated] traditional wrestling. It’s called Ssireum.

What was it like shooting the teaser pictures for “Favourite Boys”, where you are photographed wearing traditional Korean hanboks, filmed under water?

Chan: I really liked the fact that I was [under water] for the first time. I was a little afraid of water, but it felt good to overcome it!

Jun: The underwater shooting was new to me and [it was] a very interesting process. Posing in the water was totally new and different to posing in the air. I swallowed lots of water from the tank. And water stuck in my nose for days. I couldn’t smell or taste food at all for days because of it.

Busking and singing covers is a big part of A.C.E’s background, which artists would you like to have cover your songs, and what songs would you like them to cover?

All talking at once: Oh my god, that’s so difficult! BTS! We’d like to sing with them – [either] “Under Cover” or “Favourite Boys”. We would also like to sing with Ed Sheeran, or 5 Seconds of Summer.

If you could go back in time and give advice to yourselves pre-debut, what would you say?

Byeongkwan: We were so tired during our training days because we couldn’t see the future, and we [didn’t] know when we [would] debut and meet our fans. But if we could, we would like to say: “You will meet great fans, true supporters that like you and love you, whatever you do.”

What do you want your fandom Choice to take away from this comeback?

Byeongkwan: The whole world is suffering [from the] pandemic and this lockdown situation. We would like to give Choice, our fans, joy. We want to cheer them up, because they really love us and we really love them.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Eminem fans have asked K-pop lovers to stop calling themselves 'stans' because the term was introduced by their favorite rapper.

"Stan", a hit song by Eminem which also featured British singer Dido, was released in 2000.

The song tells the story of a fan named Stanley "Stan" Mitchell who claims to be the singer's biggest fan. He writes Eminem several letters; over three verses, he becomes more obsessive, and when there is no reply he becomes angrier.

The fans of the Detroit rapper took issue with the lovers of K-pop using the term which they said has been taken from Slim Shady's song.



"They are pretty much a cult, and I am disturbed by how they pride on calling themselves stans, since the term came from an Eminem song in which the word means stalker fan," wrote an Eminem supporter.

"Kpop stans are probably the new em stans, I haven't seen a SINGLE Eminem stan talk about TTMD but the kpop stans are all up on us like-??? chill??? [sic]" said another.

A music fan, however, pitched the idea of a collaboration between a K-pop star and Eminem.

"How long until a [K-Pop] star and [Eminem] team up to make another version of stan," he said.

Taking part in the argument a music fan wrote, "How many of you know that the stan in K-pop stans comes from the obsessed fan Eminem's song stan was based on."To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Big Hit Entertainment, the label behind the phenomenal South Korean boy band BTS, is to make its debut on the Korea Exchange on October 15, marking one of the hottest initial public offerings (IPO) in the country. Through the offering, which is priced at USD 115 a share and has been oversubscribed by more than 1,000 times, the company will raise KRW 962.55 billion (USD 840 million).

The investors’ craze around the IPO is underpinned by BTS’s chart-topping superstardom. The seven-member boy band formed in 2013 has become a global hit in recent years. Its latest English-language single Dynamite demolished streaming records, topping the Billboard charts, and becoming the most-viewed YouTube music video within 24 hours of its release.

“Imagine how many ARMYs are coming here every second, minute, hour,” reads a comment from a fan below the YouTube. “ARMY” stands for “Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth,” a nickname for the fans of the group, which has collaborated with artists including Halsey, Troye Sivan, and Ed Sheeran.

BTS is also a social media juggernaut—it has 24.2 million followers on Twitter and 31.2 million on Instagram. Big Hit Entertainment’s technology subsidiary BenX launched a platform named Weverse, an online community that connects fans with the celebrities it manages and sells merchandise such as albums, DVDs, t-shirts, and tote bags. A BTS membership here costs USD 22 per year and allows fans to access exclusive content and limited editions of goods. The Weverse app was downloaded more than 10 million times as of July.

“To strengthen long-term partnership with major artists and boost morale,” the CEO and largest shareholder of Big Hit Entertainment Bang Si Hyuk, gave seven BTS members—RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook—478,695 common shares, which will make them multimillionaires after the IPO.

Driven by the popularity of its most valuable property BTS, Bit Hit Entertainment generated KRW 587.2 billion (USD 483.3 million) in revenue, and KRW 98.7 billion (USD 81.2 million) in profits, up 95% and 24% year-on-year (YoY), respectively. The profit surpassed the figure that South Korea’s big three entertainment labels—SM (the agency of EXO), JYP (TWICE and Got7), and YG (Blackpink and Bigbang)—combined generated during the same period.

However, Big Hit depends heavily on BTS, with 87.7% and 97.4% of its revenue in the first half of 2020 and 2019 coming from BTS, respectively. Aiming for a sustainable business future, the company will have to diversify its revenue streams, especially since the BTS members are going to enter the mandatory military service in the coming years.On Sunday, October 25, fans can watch "Crush Moment with The Boyz," a special segment sponsored by McDonald's that will feature the 11-member boy group, a headlining KCON:TACT performer. Over the last couple of weeks via social media , The Boyz invited their loyal fan base, "THE B," to share the first moment they fell in love with the group. The Boyz will choose the top moments and reenact them during the segment.

"We're excited to continue our partnership with KCON for the sixth consecutive year, and especially during this time when people's access to fun and meaningful events and moments are limited and vastly different," said Elizabeth Campbell, McDonald's Senior Director of Cultural Engagement. "­We recognize how important K-Pop is to our customers and are proud to continue celebrating this iconic cultural event, and giving fans access to The Boyz."

McDonald's has been a long-time sponsor of KCON with pop-ups at both the New York and Los Angeles events. Last year, convention attendees sampled World Famous Fries® and ice cream, met their favorite K-pop idols, and tried their hand at winning branded goodies through retro-style arcade machines. McDonald's was also the livestream sponsor, bringing the concert directly to fans watching at home.

"We are excited to partner with McDonald's to connect with our fans virtually, and give them a special moment," said The Boyz. "We can't wait for this segment as we know our beloved THE B is going to love it."

For details about the full 10-day KCON:TACT experience, visit www.kconusa.com. The entire program will be streamed exclusively on Mnet K-Pop (www.youtube.com/mnet) and KCON official YouTube channel (www.youtube.com/kcon).

McDonald's USA, LLC, serves a variety of menu options made with quality ingredients to nearly 25 million customers every day. Ninety-five percent of McDonald's 14,000 U.S. restaurants are independently owned and operated by businessmen and women. For more information, visit www.mcdonalds.com, or follow us on Twitter and Facebook. .

KCON USA (kconusa.com) is the largest fan festival in North America celebrating Korean culture and music. The convention launched in 2012 with over 10,000 fans attending and has more than doubled annually since to over 158,000 fans. KCON is now established in Los Angeles as the annual flagship event for American fans of Hallyu and Asian pop culture, providing the largest forum for fans to directly connect with each other, as well as artists and professionals from the Korean entertainment industry. In 2017, the brand further expanded internationally, presenting KCON in Mexico and Australia as well as returning to Japan. KCON has also held events in France, UAE and Thailand.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The ROK-US Alliance Concert will be livestreamed on USFK's Facebook account on Nov. 6 starting at 6 p.m., featuring artists including Lovelyz, YooA of Oh My Girl and Chung Ha, as well as taekwondo, dance and traditional music performances, according to the U.S. military.K-Pop firm SM Entertainment has unveiled its latest group, and Aespa promises to be a fascinating project. The group will include both human and virtual (avatar) singers, who’ve been introduced to fans one by one to build anticipation. Yesterday saw a teaser interview posted with human member Karina and her virtual version ‘æ-Karina’.

SM Entertainment’s founder Lee Soo-man talked about the project in an appearance at the World Cultural Industry Forum in Seoul, describing it as “the beginning of the future of entertainment”. How? “It projects a future world centred on celebrities and avatars, transcending boundaries between the real and virtual worlds.” You can watch his introduction here, in a video with English subtitles.

Avatar music stars are having a bit of a moment this month. A company called Panjandrum is launching an entirely-virtual girl band called AVTR, while Riot Games’ virtual group K/DA dropped their new music video ‘More’ yesterday, including some human help in the form of singers Madison Beer, Soyeon and Miyeon, and fellow Riot Games-created avatar Seraphine.Making their debut in 2016, Blackpink consists of members Jennie, Rosé, Jisoo, and Lisa. In just four years they've become a global sensation, setting YouTube streaming records and collaborating with Dua Lipa, Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez, and Cardi B. The four-member ensemble also became the second girl group from YG Entertainment and the first Korean girl group to perform at Coachella last year. Always on stage or in music videos with fierce and feminine fashion, Blackpink has made hot pants, crop tops, and glittery embellishments some of their K-pop style calling cards. Beyond music, the individual members are ambassadors for brands like Chanel (Jennie), Saint Laurent (Rosé), Dior (Jisoo), and Celine and Bulgari (Lisa). With a new Netlfix documentary, Blackpink: Light up the Sky, their loyal fanbase (known as the "Blinks") can chart their rise from young trainees to the recognizable idols they are today.It has been almost seven years since the world first grooved to the highly-addictive Korean song, “Gangnam Style” by PSY. In the intervening years, the Korean Wave or Hallyu has dominated the global music scene in a major way. From BTS to Blackpink – female and male K-Pop singers have hordes of loyal fans. However, a glaring controversy that has always marred the exponential success of the K-pop industry is the sexualisation of female K-pop singers in videos, music posters, and performances.

Recently, the same issue came to the fore once more when fans expressed outrage over the sexualisation of nurses in Blackpink’s recently released music video for the song “Lovesick Girls”. The video features Blackpink member Jennie playing a nurse dressed in a tight, short skirt, and high heels. The Korean Health and Medical Workers Union, too, condemned the video for its unnecessary sexual objectification of nurses. Meanwhile, the group’s agency defended its intentions and but eventually deleted the scene in question. However, this incident is not an isolated one. The K-pop industry has a long and consistent track record of objectifying and sexualising its female members.

Also Read: Blackpink: A Look Back At The All-Girl K-Pop Group’s Meteoric Rise

The covert hyper-sexualisation of female K-pop groups finds its roots in the earliest icons of the industry – S.E.S, Fin.K.L, Baby V.O.X., and Diva. Most of these bands followed two opposing schools of thought: some copied the west and came across as confident, spunky performers who were comfortable with their sexuality while some emulated Japanese groups and exemplified the demure Asian woman. The latter lot more or less set the standard in the industry and gratified the male gaze with its conventional yet coquettish image and acts.

K-pop singers are often termed as ‘idols’. This culture of idolatry reduces the female K-pop singers to stage ‘dolls’ that have to conform to Korea’s naturally unattainable standards of beauty through invasive plastic surgeries. A 2012 New Yorker article, titled “Factory Girls“, detailed female K-pop idols as carefully manufactured objects. It has long been surmised that the K-pop industry suffers from a Lolita Complex vis a vis its female members. The complex refers to sexual attraction towards pubescent girls and that’s exactly how female K-pop singers are presented as – sexualised, but innocent dolls, with tons of aegyo to ‘titillate’ misogynistic fans.

There is a whole generation of female K-pop singers that is said to have strived for and garnered ‘uncle fans’ – old men with lots of money to spare. Girl’s Generation is supposed to be a prime example from this phase. Hyuna, a famous female K-pop idol was marketed as a ‘sexy girl’ when she debuted as a part of the group Wonder Girls at the age of thirteen. Propagation of this borderline pedophiliac fantasy is precisely why South Korean music agencies recruit twelve-to-nineteen-year-old girls who train in a highly controlling idol-making system for most of their performative years. This paradoxical image of women K-pop singers is a microcosmic representation of the pervasive sexism and patriarchy in South Korea.

Also Read: Why Sexual Exploitation Of ‘Nearly Adult’ Girls Shouldn’t Be Sugar-Coated

Perpetuating the extremely problematic adage of ‘sex sells’, the industry also promotes some covert sexualisation techniques. These include featuring provocatively dressed female background dancers performing suggestive dance moves in almost every K-pop video, whatever the theme of the song may be. Agreed, this problem is one that afflicts the global entertainment industry. However, as mentioned above, what makes this phenomenon particularly lethal in K-pop is that these women are almost caricatured as little girls to gratify the unsuspecting male gaze.

Research has also stated that certain Korean music broadcasting shows objectify female idol singers by using camera techniques that draw attention to the singers’ exposed body parts. Kevin Crawley, a professor of East Asian studies at an Ireland-based university, told The Korea Times that while female K-pop idols are told to dance and dress provocatively, they are also expected to conform to Confucian sexual conduct norms. In simpler words, South Korean women singers are expected to be Virgin Mary prototypes and have a teasing kind of sexual appeal.

There is yet a ray of hope amidst these bleak facts. Certain women K-pop groups like MAMAMOO do flaunt their sexuality in their videos and performances, but they do so on their own terms. Blackpink, too, displays a kind of alpha-girl swag on stage: brimming with oomph and confidence. LOONA uses gender-fluid aesthetics in most of its videos, thereby simultaneously doing away with sexist representations and promoting inclusivity. With such subversive actions, one can only hope that the women of K-pop can achieve the one thing that has eluded them till now: female agency. [Image by Spinditty]

Picture Credits: The Guardian / Views expressed are the author’s ownSEOUL (Reuters) - Fans of BTS tuned in to an online concert by the K-pop boyband on Saturday, holding their signature light sticks and sharing messages in a chatroom.

Titled “Map of The Soul ON:E,” the virtual event came after the seven-member group scrapped its initial plan to hold an in-person show for a limited audience, in line with the South Korean government’s tightened social distancing curbs. The band had already cancelled planned world tours.

The band’s latest success was “Dynamite”, its first song entirely in English, which topped the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart last month.

“You’re not here but I feel you here, as if I can hear your chants, and next time let’s really be here together,” vocalist V, or Kim Tae-hyung, told fans.

Since its 2013 debut, BTS has spearheaded a global K-Pop craze with catchy, upbeat music and dances, as well as lyrics and social campaigns aimed at empowering young people.

The band earned a Guinness World Records title for most viewers for a livestreamed performance after its first paid online concert in June drew nearly 757,000 from 107 countries.

Its management company, Bit Hit Entertainment, has not released how many people watched the latest show, though it garnered some 114 million real-time “cheer clicks,” a sign of approval that fans can press multiple times.

As the band performed, a background wall of small screens showed thousands of fans joining from across the world, many waving light sticks known as “army bombs”. A chatroom was opened to allow fans to post comments simultaneously.

In Seoul, a small group gathered at a fan-run, BTS-themed cafe to watch the concert together, though wearing masks and keeping a distance from each other.

“Their songs gave comfort in these tough times and made me a fan,” said An Ji-won, 40, after breaking down in tears as she watched the show.

“They sing to say everything will be OK and to cheer up, which I think is why all fans around the world love them.”Embattled K-pop star Woojin has broken his silence on the sexual harassment allegations recently levelled against him.

 The K-pop performer, who first rose to fame as a member of boy band Stray Kids, was accused of sexual misconduct by several anonymous women on social media in September. One user alleged that the idol had groped her and a friend at a bar in South Korea, while a second user made similar accusations of unwanted advances.

 However, in an exclusive interview with the South China Morning Post, the singer said there was no truth to the allegations.

 "I didn't take it seriously when the issue first came up because it's not true at all. I knew that Twitter users often make up stories, but I was shocked that my case was spreading way faster than any of the other rumours," the 23-year-old, born Kim Woo-jin, told the Post.

 Woojin's initial denial was heavily criticised for being "dishonest" and "insensitive" by some internet users. The singer admitted that he hadn't expected the backlash to his initial statement, saying he merely wanted to "explain the situation myself and provide updates to reassure my fans".

 He added that he didn't think "too deeply" about the wording of his statement because the claims were "just nonsense".

 Woojin added that it was "impossible" to address the allegations of the first user who came forward, as there was no mention of the exact date, time and place that the incident allegedly occurred.

 In a series of tweets on September 8, the user claimed to have met Woojin at a bar in Seoul during the coronavirus outbreak, where he allegedly tried to touch women inappropriately without their consent and despite repeated protests.

 "I really want all his fans to know what type of person he is, but I am not famous so I cannot say anything. People will blame it on us because we were in a bar recently and we knew it was wrong because of the virus, but he was also there."

 Although the user didn't reveal the star's identity at first, they hinted that the man harassing them was named "Woo" and came from one of the "big three" entertainment companies in South Korea.

 Meanwhile, Woojin said the allegations made by the second user were obviously false as well. The accuser shared a photo of a bottle of whiskey with Woojin supposedly in the picture, but it turned out the image was originally posted on Instagram by another user who denied any connection to the idol.

 Woojin's new label, 10x Entertainment, released a statement announcing its intention to take legal action related to the accusations, along with screenshots and even CCTV footage to support its claims. Investigations are continuing.

 After several netizens questioned the legitimacy of the agency, 10x Entertainment replied that it was a new company established on July 27 and has since been registered with South Korea's National Tax Service. Woojin came on board soon after, making him the first artist on the label's roster.

 "I met the founders after being introduced by an acquaintance," Woojin explained. "We talked a lot. After having meetings for months, I realised that they understood my vision for my future career and that they had a deep understanding of the K-pop industry. Since we are pursuing the same goals in music, I decided to sign the contract in August 2020.

 "The company was founded by people who have worked in the industry for more than 10 years. The rumours [that 10x Entertainment is not a legitimate company] are not true."

 In October last year, Woojin left Stray Kids after his contract with JYP Entertainment was terminated due to unspecified personal circumstances.

 Although he declined to elaborate on the reasons behind his exit during his interview with the Post, he urged people not to listen to various rumours that have been spreading about his departure.

 Since leaving Stray Kids, Woojin has been focusing on his solo activities and even held his own fan meeting in May.

 When asked how he hopes to see his career develop, Woojin said he would soon be embarking on a solo career under his new company. "I'm having vocal and dance training, and I've been working hard on self-improvement."

 While fans wait for new music, a dance cover of Justin Bieber's Take It Out On Me by Woojin has been uploaded on 10x Entertainment's official YouTube channel.

 Apart from practising, Woojin said he had also been trying to update fans about his daily life via social media. Unfortunately, his Instagram account has been temporarily suspended due to a barrage of cyberattacks and hacking attempts.

 "Many people think that I deactivated the account, but it's been blocked due to false reports from haters. I've even been receiving death threats and blackmail attempts," he said.

 The singer apologised to fans who have supported him this year. "I'm sorry for my fans who must have been confused by this issue, and I will try to be more cautious when I confront this kind of situation again.

 "It's very disappointing that this situation came up when I was working hard to meet my fans again. I've been having a really hard time during the past few weeks, but I will stand up again and meet you guys with a better version of myself."With this month’s release of “Blackpink: Light Up the Sky” on Netflix, K-pop documentaries seem to be on the precipice of mainstream popularity in the United States. But reality shows about the genre, which allow audiences to see the hard work behind the bright lights, have a long and storied history in South Korea, dating back 20 years. In 2000, the seminal show “g.o.d.’s baby diary” followed early K-pop group g.o.d. as it cared for a baby named Jaemin, and in 2009, Blackpink predecessor Girls Generation did the same for a 9-month-old named Kyungsan in the first season of “Hello Baby.”

Though assigning such ordinary tasks to flashy stars may seem odd, ingenious Korean television producers realized that fans needed to humanize their idols and see them in scenarios more relatable than the usual onstage or backstage vignettes. Continuing the grand tradition of forcing often shy K-pop stars to come out from behind the microphone and into the public realm (or TV’s semblance of one), on the antics-filled variety show “Running Man,” where the singers performed a tongue-in-cheek dance routine and played a game of tag dressed as bunnies.

Idol diaries, or views into the daily lives of K-pop stars, are also nothing new. Catching a glimpse of daily dance rehearsals and time in the studio is customary for K-pop fandom — because of these intimate documentaries, a new group’s fan base is formed in real-time even before its debut performance.

Interpreting the conventions of idol reality TV can be an adjustment for a non-Korean audience, which likely isn’t used to seeing its pop stars feed milk to random babies, hop across a field wearing pants full of sweet potatoes or fail repeatedly at dance routines. But learn the ropes and you can expect conventions as absurdist and reliably predictable as you’ll find in K-drama, and fuel your K-pop obsession in the process. Here are six series to get you started.

BTS needs no introduction after its , but “In the Soop” reveals another side of the fierce septet. Even if you’ve followed its tour life (via “Bon Voyage”) or its tutelage under Warren G and Coolio in “Hustle Life,” its latest, which debuted this summer, is a surprise. Like other Korean series set in the countryside, “In the Soop” is a view into rustic life, from the time-honored Korean tradition of cooking outdoors to learning how to fish. Of course, there’s time for leisure, from video games to custom-painting a pair of sneakers. The boys are basically just chilling in the woods (“soop” means forest), and the BTS Army, as the group’s fandom is called, couldn’t be happier to escape with its idols for a pastoral vacation.

But serious heart-to-hearts also ensue, with member V confessing to Jungkook that the COVID-19 pandemic has taken a toll on him, and that he felt empty in the absence of live performances and the support of the BTS Army. Like others, the pandemic has shown the boys that, far from being bulletproof, they too are vulnerable to the stress caused by a sustained period of social isolation.

All-Korean American boy Eric Nam, the endearing presenter who also hosts the weekly “ , presents this English-language series of absurd games pitting competitors Ashley of LADIES CODE, Jae of Day6, BM of K.A.R.D., Peniel of BTOB, Jamie Park and Amber Liu against one another. The confused cast gamely stumbles its way through charades, Jenga, flip cup and even preparing Nam a sandwich while blindfolded. Nam, meanwhile, gently pokes fun at K-pop conventions and calms a mutinous cast that threatens to rebel against his nonsensical rules.

In this diabolical simulation of Korean society’s haves and have-nots, some K-pop star wannabes get to stay in a luxe, three-story, Gehry-esque complex with a gym, dance studio and rehearsal rooms. The rest have to stay in a poor man’s house but are told their low-ranking status need not be permanent. If they hustle hard, they can make it into the I-Land building and stand a chance of winning the whole shebang — a contract with Bang Si-Hyuk, the founder of Big Hit, BTS’ label. Meanwhile, three judges, including two retired K-pop stars who succeeded before the intense competition of the internet and social media kicked in, watch them squirming like bugs from 37 screens in a high-tech control room.

K-pop reality shows are all about forging a deeper connection to a band, and this view into the goofy, human side of MONSTA X humanizes the tough group. The series plonks the seven-member boy band into absurd situations, from staffing a daycare center to caring for a menagerie of monkeys, raccoons and walruses at a local zoo. The members also engage in a series of silly variety games, including “The Amazing Race”-style scavenger hunts and absurd footraces with sweet potatoes spilling out of their pants. In the second season, the crew suits up to perform all the essential roles in a K-drama, with Kihyun cast as a schoolgirl heroine, I.M. as the wicked mother-in-law, and four of the guys strutting into the room like a “Boys Over Flowers” crew of cool boys.

This audition survival show winnows 101 competitors to 11 stageworthy ones. The great, and the mostly not-so-great, sashay, shimmy, rap and croon, proving that the road to K-pop perfection is often cringeworthy, sometimes hilarious, and paved with the shattered dreams of those who failed. The successful show, launched in 2016, soon spawned versions in China and Japan but was rocked by a voter manipulation scandal, with 272 viewers for electoral fraud. Despite it all, “Produce 101” can be as entertaining as “Star Search” and diminishes none of the fresh-faced sheen of earnest idol wannabes.

Known for its song “Hellevator,” an anxious howl against the isolation and pain of modern society, this band of eight skews more emo than the usual winsome boy band. Its catalog mirrors the nightmarish “Hell Joseon,” a term coined to represent Korea’s socioeconomically divided society (aptly portrayed in the film “Parasite”). In the video “Mirch,” robber barons, clad in furs and top hats, shake their canes as a crew of masked protesters back up the boys. So it’s no surprise that their reality show is more challenging than the average idol show, with the millennial and Gen Z members (youngest member I.N. is only 19) writing their own music (an uncommon allowance in the K-pop industry) and ad-libbing their raps as JYP founder J.Y. Park criticizes their work, displaying their generational divide.According to the Korea Foundation, the wave of Korean culture, also known as hallyu, increased its global fanbase by 11% in 2019—and leading the charge has been K-pop.

Groups such as BTS and Blackpink have not only dominated charts worldwide—they’ve also sparked a surge in demand to learn the Korean language, according to Korea Foundation president Lee Geun.

Picking up on the intersection of this particular trend is the language learning app Drops and its new program featuring K-pop idol Amber Liu.

Available starting Tuesday, October 6, the “Study with Amber” category will feature a curriculum personally curated by Liu across 40 topics ranging from Korean food to music and more. Drops already offers Korean, and cofounder and CEO Daniel Farkas says that because of hallyu, it’s actually become the app’s most popular language.

“One of the biggest motivations for our Korean learners was actually K-pop, and we wanted to capitalize on that,” Farkas says of the app’s first celebrity partnership, with Liu.

Farkas says they had a few K-pop idols in mind, but Liu stood out not only because of her multicultural background—she was born in Los Angeles to Taiwanese parents—but because of her own journey learning Korean from scratch in just three months after being selected to join the K-pop group f(x) in 2009.

“I was always stressed out learning Korean,” Liu says. “I did do a couple of months in a Korean school, but most of my Korean was learned on the job.”In June 2019, Sulli, a former member of the Korean girl group f(x), began hosting a talk show known as The Night of Malicious Comments, a show that featured Korean celebrities reading hate comments about themselves. Reading her own hate comments, Sulli seemed confident as she laughed them off with ease.

In Oct. 2019, Sulli took her own life.

In K-pop groups, each member is given a role in the band, such as the vocalist or the rapper. During her career as an idol with f(x), Sulli was the visual of the group. The visual is a role in a K-pop group given to the member that best fits Korean beauty standards, typically displaying pale skin, large eyes with double eyelids and a slim chin, among other traits. The role of the visual has been a staple in K-pop bands since the earliest generations of K-pop. But as old values give way to modern ideals, these traditions should be questioned to reveal their deeper implications, especially their impact on the wellbeing of the idols themselves. Upon deeper scrutiny, it’s clear that the role of visual is problematic as it’s caused serious consequences for the mental health of the band member placed into this role.

From a cultural perspective, it makes sense that K-pop companies have held on to the visual category. Physical appearance has always held an utmost importance in Korean culture. Nowhere is this better represented than in the massive plastic surgery industry in South Korea. The International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery reports that there were over 650,000 operations of plastic surgery conducted in the year 2011 alone. Undeniably, the social pressure to fit beauty standards and be conventionally attractive is high. Thus, for the entertainment business, having a visual role is a great marketing tactic for the band and for the record company. Seeing a pretty face on an advertisement is a much quicker and more effective way of generating publicity than promoting an entire track or album.

But more publicity for a group may not always be good, as the more popular a group becomes, the more hate and pressure they will typically face. Unfortunately, the visual role further exacerbates this and creates a concrete target for toxicity. Since beauty is fundamentally subjective, many people will often have differing opinions on which member they find the most attractive, or which member they think is the most deserving of the visual title.

It’s no surprise that with an appearance focused culture, the member who fills the visual role is held to high standards. Often, when netizens (the K-pop community’s name for internet users) find subjectively that the visual idol doesn’t meet those arbitrary standards, they become a target for cyberbullying, even more so than other members of the group. Notable examples include Twice’s Tzuyu, EXO’s Sehun, and BTS’s Jin, who’ve all been criticized for being unable to adequately sing or rap, and have been accused of being scouted into the band as a visual solely for their looks. These comments would take a massive toll on anyone’s mental health, especially that of idols, who are already experiencing pressure from multiple other aspects of their lives. Visuals often face a paradox; if all a certain idol has is their beauty, then they’re talentless and dragging down the rest of the group. However, if they’re talented in other ways but don’t fit the beauty standards well, then they don’t deserve to be the visual of the group and they’re dragging down the entire group’s appearance.

While comments from netizens may seem harmless on the surface, in reality, they come with heavy consequences. Taking the example of Sulli, her role as the visual of her band only worsened her torment. After she passed, many fans identified cyberbullying as a major cause of her mental health decline and her ultimate death. As her band, f(x), rose to fame, she soon became the target of online toxicity. The torment about her appearance became worse and grew into sexual harassment after she posted a picture of herself in an outfit without a bra on Instagram. Unfortunately, the title of visual not only exacerbates the mental health issues that many Korean idols already face in their high-pressure career, it worsens the attitudes of misogyny as well, with female idols taking the brunt of visual criticism. It’s almost ironic — Korean entertainment companies use their idols to define societal beauty standards, yet those same idols are criticized for not meeting those standards.

Ultimately, the visual title does nothing for idol groups but to discredit the hard work of the member given that title and threaten the idol’s wellbeing. Idols should be recognized for their talent, not their appearance that may or may not fit a set of arbitrary and often misogynistic standards. Korean entertainment companies need to be held accountable for not only the deaths of idols caused by standards that they’ve pushed, but also the cultural implications that come with each and every aspect of K-pop, including the title of the visual.

Joyce Wu is a freshman in the College of Arts and Sciences. She can be reached at jyw@cornell.edu.Taehyun of TXT and his fellow band members sing about the effects of coronavirus in 2020 on the track We Lost the Summer. Photo: Big Hit EntertainmentAs a global sensation, K-pop girl band Blackpink has captured the attention of both the fashion and beauty worlds.

MAC Cosmetics announced Blackpink member Lalisa Manobal, known widely under her mononym Lisa, as its global brand ambassador last week. The announcement was one of the brand’s highest-performing posts of the year across social channels, generating over 10 million impressions across its global Instagram, Facebook and Twitter accounts. In addition to serving as a face of the brand, Manobal will be working with MAC on upcoming “innovation products,” according to MAC.

“It’s been absolutely explosive,” said MAC Cosmetics global creative director Drew Elliott, on the social media buzz generated by the announcement. “K-pop has a fandom that has never been seen before,” he said. “Fans are really engaged with specific members of all of these different groups. Everyone has their own style, and they have their own piece that they bring to all of the groups that they’re in.”

The highest-charting female Korean act on the Billboard Hot 100, Blackpink has skyrocketed to fame globally after its initial ascent in South Korea. The four-member group performed at Coachella in 2019, and is featured in a newly released Netflix documentary called “Blackpink: Light up the Sky.” The girl group currently holds multiple records for views on YouTube, including the one for the most-viewed video on YouTube in a 24-hour period.

Blackpink has been on my radar for a long time,” said Elliott. “When they announced that they were going to be at Coachella, that’s when the world kind of realized, ‘Wow, this is big.’”

The intense devotion of K-pop fans and their ability to organize online has long been apparent in Asia, but has gained more attention in the U.S., thanks to their involvement in online political activism this year. Fans of Blackpink (who call themselves Blinks) and BTS (the BTS ARMY, aka the BTS “Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth”) are especially prominent in the U.S. and have helped their favorite groups top the U.S. charts with organized social campaigns.

“The fans — like the BTS ARMY or the Blinks — come together as this incredible unit or army that just pushes these idols forward to another level,” said Kyu C. Lee, the CEO of Kino33 Entertainment. He pioneered the globalization of K-pop as the producer who introduced “Gangnam Style” to the U.S. “They’re so dedicated, and they support the artists that they love. [So] they’ll make a flight out to Korea to attend a concert, or they’ll just fly to Korea just to transfer a gift,” meaning they buy gifts for their favorite K-pop stars and track down representatives for the groups so they can deliver them.

Fans’ dedication can boost sales for brands, as the groups will organize online to purchase products endorsed by their favorite artists.

K-pop has especially been expanding to a wider international market as it remains effectively banned in China over a geopolitical dispute between China and South Korea.

“China is a huge market and very important to us in the future. But at the end of the day, the U.S. market is still the main stage,” said Lee.

Blackpink members have already been heavily in demand for international luxury brands — Lisa was named the global brand ambassador for the fashion house Celine in September and for Bulgari in July. Her bandmate Rosé (full name Roseanne Park) is the global face of Saint Laurent, while Jennie Kim (who also goes by her first name) is the global ambassador for Chanel. Jisoo (Kim Ji-soo), meanwhile, is the face of Dior in South Korea. Other luxury brands have also enlisted K-pop stars as global brand ambassadors, including EXO’s Kai for Gucci and G-Dragon for Chanel.

While working with local celebrities has long been a strategy for brands in Asia, more global beauty brands such as Revlon are following in the footsteps of fashion by adding K-pop stars as their global brand ambassadors rather than regional- or country-specific ones. MAC Cosmetics also works with Lay Zhang, a member of K-pop boy band EXO. After serving as the brand’s China and then Asia-Pacific spokesperson over the last three years, he was named the brand’s global ambassador in July.

“What MAC is always looking to do is be right there where a global pop culture moment is is happening,” said Elliott. “This resonates with fans in Korea, but also across across the world.”To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.South Korean powerhouse SM Entertainment is debuting a new Kpop group venture that mixes humans with virtual members.

SM Entertainment debuted the group as part of a new venture at this year’s World Cultural Industry Forum. Founder Lee Soo-man appears to take inspiration from Marvel with his SMCU (SM Culture Universe).

Aespa combines ‘Avatar x Experience’ and ‘aspect’ to express the experience’s dual nature. Aespa will feature both human and virtual members to turn a new page in the chapter of Kpop. SM Entertainment says Aespa will bring a new sense of entertainment through music, lyrics, videos, performances, and more.

Real-life members of Aespa will continue real-world promotions like other Kpop stars. Within the virtual world, their avatars will engage with fans in new and unique ways. The concept draws inspiration from several musical performances within video games like Fortnite and Roblox.

“The members who reside in the real world and the avatar members who reside in the virtual world meet-up in the middle world, the digital world. They communicate, empathize, and grow together,” Lee Soo-man says.

“Aespa is a new group where the members of the real world and the avatar members of the virtual world co-exist. Supporting and assisting one another, and they are able to promote together with a revolutionary identity.

“The real-life members and the avatar members are separate organisms, and the avatar members have AI brains that allow for them to converse and to support the real members, even befriending them, sharing information, as well as going back and forth from one world to another.”

Human members of Aespa include Ninging and Karina, while virtual members include æ-Karina.

In a special promotional video, Karina and her virtual counterpart describe their first meeting. The whole thing appeals to the sense of drama that surrounds individual Kpop personalities – expanding on that with virtual members.

The move to virtual Kpop stars is a smart one from an industry perspective. The recent Red Velvet dust-up is proof that individual members can impact the group as a whole. After Irene was accused of bullying a stylist and fashion editor, she is being pressured to step-down. The incident happened due to comments made in private – something that wouldn’t happen with virtual stars.

Artists like Travis Scott, Marshmello, and others are already exploiting their digital identifies for a massive gain. The Travis Scott Fortnite concert event was one of the most-watched in-game concerts ever. Expect more artists to opt to become an avatar – either in games or another platform entirely.“Everyone is on their phones and social media more than they’ve ever been before. It’s so easy to be malicious and negative online because you’re hidden behind a monitor. But it’s so easy to be positive as well. My intention with ‘Gunshot’ was to show what the bad side could do. On the other side of your comment, you don’t know that someone is hurt. You don’t know that they could be going through something awful. Making someone aware of that was my No. 1 intention. People used to say ‘sticks and stones…’ and all that, but now, I disagree with that. Especially with the younger generation. Words are knives and bullets. That’s why I wanted to name the song ‘Gunshot.’It was difficult to gauge the scale of the backlash to RM's comments among BTS's Chinese fan base. Some were calling on each other to stay low-key and quiet on Weibo posts. And a number of people on Twitter defended the group, noting that RM's speech did not mention China directly.The offending remark was made by BTS member Kim Nam-joon — better known by the stage name RM, or Rap Monster — in a recent acceptance speech for an award from the Korea Society, a U.S.-based nonprofit organization.

“We need to always remember the history of pain shared by the two nations, and sacrifices of many men and women,” he said, referring to the United States and South Korea.

The comment hit a nerve with some in China, coming as the country holds nationwide memorials this month for the 70th anniversary of its entry into the Korean War. From 1950 to 1953, China and North Korea fought South Korea, the United States and their allies to a stalemate.



“Chinese fans give you so much money each year, and you turn around and give it to the United States,” one Weibo user wrote. “What are Chinese fans then?”

Samsung Electronics pulled a BTS-branded purple smartphone and ear buds from its official stores and other e-commerce platforms in China. South Korean auto giant Hyundai Motor removed advertisements featuring BTS from its Chinese social media outlets. Spokespeople for Samsung and Hyundai declined to comment on Tuesday, as did Big Hit Entertainment, BTS’s management label.

Suddenly, BTS had joined a long list of brands including Versace, Gap and Marriott that have triggered consumer blowback in China after — in the words of state mouthpieces — hurting the feelings of the Chinese people.

The kerfuffle sparked a media frenzy in South Korea, where BTS’s members are beloved K-pop heroes. A front-page headline in the mass-circulation Chosun Ilbo newspaper on Tuesday read: “China is censoring even BTS’ award acceptance speech.” The paper voiced concerns about Chinese fans’ BTS boycott as a deja vu of economic fallout from a missile-defense dispute in 2017.

Back then, South Korean companies suffered boycotts in China when Seoul embraced a plan to deploy the U.S. antimissile system known as Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD. Beijing banned tour agencies from selling package trips to South Korea and K-pop singers disappeared from Chinese television.

“Although the BTS comment was as apolitical as it gets, these South Korean companies could not but fear repercussions given the fierce Korea boycotts in China following the 2017 THAAD row,” said Sung Tae-yoon, an economics professor at Yonsei University in Seoul.

Dorothy Solinger, a professor emeritus of political science at the University of California at Irvine, said part of the backlash was probably due to the view in China that the country had sacrificed for North Korea in the war.



“The Chinese leadership called upon Chinese soldiers to suffer and die for the sake of the Korean people,” she said. “What the band said sounds as if both nations were equally under attack.”

North Korean troops crossed into South Korea in June 1950, prompting the United States to come to the South’s aid. China entered the war in October of that year, after U.N. forces pushed back into North Korea and toward the Chinese border. The fighting ended with an armistice that was never replaced by a peace treaty, leaving the Korean Peninsula technically in a state of war.

That was a reference to Mao Anying, the son of Communist China founder Mao Zedong, who was killed at age 28 by an American airstrike during the Korean War. Despite the rhetorical flourish, BTS singer RM is not 28, but 26.

John Delury, a professor of Chinese studies at Yonsei University, said it was unclear how much genuine grass-roots outrage there was in China over the BTS comment. Chinese state-run tabloid Global Times appeared to have played a role in whipping up anger, he said.

There were signs that Beijing was seeking to limit the scope of the controversy, especially as it courts South Korea’s support for its international policies. Asked about BTS at Monday’s Foreign Ministry briefing, spokesman Zhao Lijian gave a measured reply.

“I have noted relevant reports as well as the reactions from the Chinese people online,” he said. “I want to say that we all should learn lessons from history and look forward to the future, hold dear peace and strengthen friendship.”Widely seen as a critical event that set the tone for Soviet-American rivalry during the Cold War, the Korean War started in the summer of 1950 when the north led a surprise attack on the south. As the battle progressed, it evolved from a civil war into an international conflict, which pitted the North Korean government, supported by the Soviet Union and China, against the American-backed, anti-communist southern administration.

The war ended in 1953 when a truce was established. By that time, over 200,000 South Korean soldiers and almost 40,000 Americans had died in action. Although the North Korean government never released official figures about casualties on its side, the common belief in China is that the battle caused about 180,000 deaths of Chinese soldiers.

As anger mounted over the weekend on Chinese social media, the matter caught the attention of a string of Chinese news outlets. Fanning the flames of nationalistic sentiment, state-owned tabloid the Global Times reported on the controversy in several articles. In a piece published on October 12, the jingoistic rag explained that the backlash was mostly aimed at the group’s insensitivity toward China’s sacrifices and its “one-sided attitude” that negated history.

The controversy has also split the group’s Chinese fanbase. According to those who leapt to the band’s defense, BTS members are entitled to their opinions as long as they are respectful of those who come from a different side of the argument. “I’m drawn to their music talent, not their political views. They love their country. I love my country. I don’t see a problem here,” a Weibo user commented. But this point of view didn’t find favor with a lot of BTS fans in China, who publicly announced the end of their BTS love in the wake of the backlash.

While BTS and its management agency, Big Hit Entertainment, have yet to address the controversy, a growing number of brands have already taken action to distance themselves from the group. Soon after the controversy erupted, the South Korean conglomerate Samsung pulled a BTS-branded smartphone from its Chinese website and other ecommerce platforms in the country. Sports brand Fila and car manufacturer Hyundai removed ads featuring BTS from their social media accounts. Meanwhile, Owhat, a Chinese site mainly used by Kpop fans to purchase albums and merchandise, has taken off all BTS-related products on its platform.

On Monday, the dispute officially progressed to the diplomatic stage as Zhào Lìjiān 赵立坚, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson, commented on the issue at a news briefing. “We should learn from history and look toward the future by cherishing peace and promoting our friendship. This should be the common goal that we strive for,” Zhao said.

Despite its immense popularity in China, K-pop has a well-documented tense relationship with Chinese authorities. In 2016, in retaliation to the U.S.’s deployment of two Terminal High Altitude Area Defense launchers (THAAD) in South Korea, China introduced an “unofficial” ban on South Korean entertainers performing in the country. A year later, as the THAAD conflict intensified, China blocked music and video streaming sites featuring K-pop stars.

This year, as a host of K-pop stars landed major endorsement and advertising deals with Chinese brands, rumors emerged that China had softened restrictions on Korean artists’ access to the Chinese market. But as the Korea Herald noted, there’s still plenty of uncertainty surrounding where K-pop artists will be allowed to promote and perform in China freely.

In fact, in fear of potential regulatory obstacles caused by political tensions, more and more K-pop artists have opted to look beyond China and focus on their reach to Western countries. And BTS is arguably the most successful example among them. BTS have not set their feet in mainland China since 2016, although they have performed in Taiwan and Hong Kong.CHENNAI: The Consulate General of Republic of Korea in Chennai has announced that Dream K-Pop Girls, a group of five Indian girls , will be uploading self-made virtual tutorial classes on social platform for K-Pop dancing and singing, for a period of five weeks from Friday, October 23, introducing a new tutorial video every weekday. 

During this period, sponsored by the Korean Consulate, the five young college girls from medicine, IT, economics and fashion designing background, will share their life journey with K-Pop, love and passion towards Korea, and introduce own techniques on K-Pop singing and dancing in their videos. 

A series of K-pop contests conducted nationwide led to the union of this group who hail from different life experiences including an Arunachal Pradesh native. Rhea Rajkumar, third year MBBS at Madras Medical College who was first introduced to K-Pop when preparing for her NEET in 2017. She won Chennai Regional Round of Changwon World K-Pop Festival 2018 and first award of Online K-Pop Dance Competition by the Consulate General of the Republic of Korea in Chennai. 

Sruthi R, Post Graduate in Business Economics who connected K-Pop to Indian classical music, is the singing competition winner of Chennai Regional Round as well as first India runner-up of Changwon K-Pop World Festival 2018. Subiksha Priyal is the online solo dance winner from Chennai Regional Round of Changwon K-pop World Festival 2020. 

Sindhoo Dhana, the finalist of 2016 Changwon K-Pop Chennai, working in Accenture as software engineer was accidentally introduced into K-Pop and got attracted to vocal techniques used by K-Pop Singers since then. Jeson Dagam from Arunachal Pradesh, introduced to Korean culture watching K-Dramas, won the first prize in Korean food fest dance competition 2017 and 2018. 

This initiative is considered to be the first own attempt to ‘Indianize’ K-Pop Song and Dance by the young generation of India, instead of following Korean K-pop celebrities passively at present. 

The consulate would support weekly 36 energetic audience who share its tutorial videos on their own Facebook or Instagram or add comments on these tutorial videos, with premium pens worth Rs 1,500 or K-Pop Star posters such as Blank Pink by drawing lots. Screenshots need to be sent to Consulate Cultural email on K_culture.chennai@yahoo.com to win the gifts. Videos available on Instagram @dream___kpop or YouTube @Dream Kpop 2020F past couple of years, the biggest news in the world of -pop has been decidedly unpleasant. A scandal centred on “Burning Sun”, a glitzy nightclub in Seoul, South Korea’s capital, saw several male -pop stars and industry executives accused last year of sexual abuse, procuring sex for business partners, drug-peddling and bribery. Later in the year two female idols committed suicide in the space of a few weeks. Both had been subject to misogynistic abuse for years.

But the industry’s biggest stars seem untouched by its seedy side. , the world’s most successful -pop group and the biggest boy band on the planet, has found global success by selling something close to the opposite of the machismo and aloofness that are usually required from -pop idols. The seven 20-something men present themselves as down-to-earth, frank about the pressures and downsides of fame, socially engaged and aware of their own shortcomings. When fans got upset about a set of sexist lyrics a few years ago, the member who wrote them apologised for his ignorance and vowed to “study more” to avoid such lapses in future (he has since been spotted reading a feminist novel). And when American fans asked the group to support the Black Lives Matter protests this year, they promptly did.

Such behaviour resonates with fans in South Korea and beyond. “The message they send is so different from other boy bands,” says Lim Hyun-jee, a 26-year-old from Seoul. “They talk about growth, mental health, bullying and anything that we can all relate to,” she gushes. “And they get along so well, it’s very appealing.”

Hong Seok-kyeong of Seoul National University believes that ’s success stems partly from the hope they offer a generation of fans worn down by the pressure to compete and conform in their education and careers. “Both in their songs and in their interactions with fans they show that they can relate to these pressures,” she says. “Their whole story suggests that it’s to be different and that you can still be successful even if you don’t really fit in.” She thinks that young women, in particular, like their softer, emotionally vulnerable brand of masculinity as an alternative to South Korean machismo. Being pretty helps, of course. “The way they make themselves beautiful is very much about providing visual pleasure to a female audience.”

Some Korean feminists speculate that the band’s woman-friendly image is too good to be true, given the sexist norms of the industry in which they work. Others take it at face value. At the very least, ’s success has shown that niceness is a marketable quality, which may encourage others to give it a try. The numbers speak for themselves. After teetering on the brink of bankruptcy a decade ago, Bang Si-hyuk, who founded ’s production company, Big Hit Entertainment, is now a squillionaire. The company’s planned listing on the Korean stock exchange on October 15th looks set to make him and even richer. Massively oversubscribed by both institutional investors and hardened fans, it is expected to value Big Hit at $4bn or so. ■During this year’s World Cultural Industry Forum, Lee Soo-man, founder of K-pop powerhouse SM Entertainment revealed his vision for the future of entertainment. Touching on what he calls the SMCU (SM Culture Universe), Lee introduced his company’s upcoming rookie girl group, “aespa.” aespa is the combination of “æ”, Avatar X Experience, and “aspect”, to express SM’s upcoming double-sided experience.

Kicking off the SMCU, aespa will feature both human and virtual members that serve to usher in a new outlook for K-pop. The group will be rooted in an innovative story universe that surpasses the boundaries of the real world and the virtual world. aespa will debut a new sense of entertainment through music, lyrics, videos, visuals, performances and more. Apparently, the real-life members of aespa will carry out offline promotions just like any other SM artist, but within the virtual world, their avatars will also engage in unique promotions.

According to Lee Soo-man, “The members who reside in the real world and the avatar members who reside in the virtual world meet up in a middle world, the digital world, where they communicate, empathize, and grow together. aespa is a new group where the members of the real world and the avatar members of the virtual world coexist, supporting and assisting one another, and they are able to promote together with a revolutionary identity. The real-life members and the avatar members are separate organisms, and the avatar members have AI brains that allow for them to converse and to support the real members, even befriending them, sharing information, as well as going back and forth from one world to another.”

To offer a better idea of the “Virtual Member System,” SM Entertainment revealed human members Ningning and Karina, followed by virtual member æ-Karina. In a special interview film, Karina and her virtual counterpart, æ-Karina touched on their first encounter and how they were connected by someone named “Navis.”

Watch the “MY, KARINA” meeting between Karina and æ-Karina below.

In case you missed it, learn why luxury fashion is investing in Blackpink.The entertainment label Big Hit, which represents mega boy-band group BTS, is betting on the massive support of its followers to make some serious money, says an observer.

SEOUL: The leadership of Big Hit Entertainment gathered on Thursday (Oct 15) for a ceremony to mark the company’s debut on the stock market.

Even watching via livestream, the anticipation in the air was obvious as Big Hit founder and CEO Bang Si-hyuk stepped up to the podium to express his hopes for the company’s future.

Big Hit was the most anticipated stock market debut in years in South Korea. They are the agency behind K-pop sensation BTS and are about to become far richer, with the company garnering a massive vote of public confidence in the form of share purchases.

Big Hit has been gaining momentum for some time, building up to BTS’s latest triumph, “Dynamite,” an English-language single that broke the record for most-viewed new video on YouTube.

BTS is not just a cultural phenomenon but a growing commercial force as well.

The international business media parses the group’s each move and the “BTS effect” on the economy with a rigour customarily reserved for corporate conglomerates, like Samsung.

According to Forbes, the group accounted for a staggering US$4.65 billion of South Korea's GDP last year.

While BTS is the company’s core business, they are working to develop new artists, and have business and education projects in line with their brand of “music for healing.”

A FORCE TO BE RECKONED WITH

Shares in Big Hit made an explosive debut on South Korea’s main stock exchange last week, rising to the daily limit of 30 per cent. By the end of the day, Big Hit’s market value was more than 8.7 trillion won (US$7.63 billion), with all BTS members having earned about US$15 million in shares.

While attempting to grasp just how impressive these numbers are, it is useful to go back a short way in Big Hit’s history. Bang, a music producer who earned the name “Hitman,” founded the company in 2005, a time when the music industry was still scrambling for a way to make up for the loss of revenue from declining physical album sales.

Success didn’t come immediately. Like other industries in South Korea, entertainment is dominated by a few big players that use their clout to attract top talent, and it took years before Big Hit made its mark.

BTS debuted in 2013 after around three years of training, and didn't blow up into superstardom until around 2016, with their second Korean studio album "Wings."

Bang has said that fortuitous timing is a big part of how BTS built their massive global audience, that with its message of kindness and self-love, "BTS touched something that wasn’t being addressed in the US at the time".

Although BTS has the deft choreography and chiselled good looks of typical K-pop acts, what sets them apart are their stories and message.

The group has openly appealed to young people, including in a speech at the United Nations, to “speak yourself” and “love yourself” while openly sharing their own tribulations and self-doubt.

And perhaps like no other musical act, BTS has harnessed the power of social media to spread their messages through direct interaction with fans.

Now that Big Hit has ridden BTS to the top of the music industry, the question is how long they can stay there, and in relation to that, whether Big Hit is a sustainably wise investment.

Boy bands are not known for longevity; even the most successful pop groups tend to rule the airwaves for a few years before fading when their young fans move on to the next cute thing.

The K-pop industry is exceptionally fickle, with a group's every move tirelessly tracked by media and fans, as members are expected to maintain a pristine image.

Even small missteps could lead to serious reputational damage, and reduced fan support. And for all its recent strength, BTS showed vulnerability this week when Chinese netizens took exception to comments made by group leader RM about the Korean War.

RM made an apparently benign expression of gratitude to South Korean and US veterans of the war, saying, "We will always remember the history of pain that our two nations shared together and the sacrifices of countless men and women.”

Some Chinese observers, however, interpreted RM's words as disrespectful to Chinese soldiers who perished in the 1950 to 1953 conflict, and called for a boycott of BTS in response.

There is also the looming question of what happens when BTS members have to complete their mandatory military service, which lasts around two years, though some in the South Korean government have floated the possibility of allowing the members to fulfill their duties while continuing with the group in some manner.

But there is something more durable in BTS than in previous boy groups and this is the inspired dedication from its fans.

BTS fandom, called ARMY, is a broad and thriving ecosystem of people of various ages, genders and nationalities who share merchandise and translations of the group's works while tracking the group's online statistics at a level so granular that data scientists are taking notice.

Perhaps the most valuable aspect of ARMY is the community it provides. Even before the coronavirus pandemic, BTS fans found a common passion and gathered on online forums to connect with each other.

For most of this year, at a time when people in so many countries are sheltering in place, unable to normally interact with friends or classmates, those bonds have become even more valuable, shown through the high numbers of participants in BTS streaming events.

Plenty of analysts have pointed to the extent to which Big Hit relies on BTS – the group generates nearly 90 per cent of the company's revenue – as a red flag, meaning that if the company can’t find another hit once BTS fades or disbands, things may fall apart.

Despite this, what investors are clearly lining up for is access to this community, based on the expectation and belief that the millions who love BTS do so not just as a passing fad or matter of taste, but as part of what gives their lives meaning.

READ: Online concerts and government spending: How K-pop is riding out the COVID-19 pandemic

For investors, this built-in community means a reliable market for whatever Big Hit does next.

While at the podium for the stock debut, Bang pledged that his company would work toward becoming “the world’s top entertainment and lifestyle platform”.

The company’s future, and whether this current bonanza is sustainable, will depend on Big Hit’s ability to accomplish its founder’s bold promise.

With BTS’s established fan base, the company is in a strong position to branch out in various directions, such as having the band’s more stylish members helm their own fashion brands.

Like hip-hop producer Doctor Dre did with headphones, Big Hit could market branded electronic products – the options to diversify are certainly there.

Maybe Bang won’t be able to double the company revenue every year forever, as he has for the past several years, but my bet is that Big Hit’s stock smash hit is more a sign of things to come than a one hit wonder.Irene of K-pop group Red Velvet is under pressure to leave the band despite apologising for bullying a stylist. Photo: SM EntertainmentAmid waves of backlash against the newly passed Job Creation Law, Indonesian K-Pop fans emerge as a formidable force in the social movement to protest against the controversial law through the digital world, a report has found.

These social-media-savvy people helped to echo criticisms against the law and the House of Representatives through Twitter, making hashtags such as #MosiTidakPercaya (vote of no confidence), #DPRRIKhianatiRakyat (house betrays the people) and #TolakOmnibusLaw (reject the omnibus law) trending topics worldwide, according to big data consulting company Drone Emprit.

Drone Emprit founder Ismail Fahmi said a single big cluster of conversation related to the law dominated Twitter from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on Monday, during the first wave of news about the bill being passed by the House posted by national media.

“There was only one big cluster; the cluster of those who oppose the omnibus law. [Twitter] accounts of academics, university student bodies, NGOs, activists and K-Popers [K-Pop fans] all unite to support each other inside this cluster," Ismail said via his Twitter account @ismailfahmi on Monday.

“From the Twitter avatars of top influencers [who are] against the omnibus law, it was apparent that accounts with K-pop avatars dominated the conversations,” he added.

One of the top influencers among the Indonesian K-Pop community on Twitter, @ustadchen, who has more than 140,000 followers, also tweeted about the law on Monday and gained more than 37,000 likes.

“Since all of you are brave, I will be brave too. To be honest, I am illiterate about politics. The [laws] in [South] Korea are completely different from what we have here [in Indonesia], so I am still confused about the political news here," @ustadchen wrote, "Anyway, I have read a lot about the #omnibuslaw and I understand where the problem is."

The post has also been retweeted more than 9,000 times with hundreds of engagements.

Twitter users who protested against the law expressed their appreciation to the K-Pop fan community in helping to amplify their concerns about the law, which many critics said would undermine labor rights and prolong environmental destruction.

Read also: Labor unions strike, stage rallies to oppose controversial new jobs law

“Demographically, [K-Pop fans] are the largest generation of social media users. If they didn’t really know about the omnibus law, they joined the hashtag campaign and learned about it,” Ismail said.

Later on Tuesday, Ismail clarified his own statement, saying that “Most K-Pop fans did know about [the omnibus law]."

He also noted that most of those who were engaged in echoing protests against the law were mainly non-partisan public.

It is not the first time that members of the K-Pop fandom have proven that they are politically aware and capable in driving online campaigns.

In June, global K-Pop fans proved themselves to be a powerful political force by wading into social media protests against racism and police brutality in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement in the United States.

Following the US$1 million donation to the BLM movement made by global K-Pop megastar BTS, fans also raised $1 million in just over a day for organizations that help black people.The group's first full-length album, which includes the main track "Lovesick Girls," as well as prereleased hits "How You Like That" and "Ice Cream," was released online Friday before the hard copy was released this week.The agency behind Korean boy band BTS went public in South Korea’s biggest IPO in three years

58.4 trillion South Korean won or $50.3 billion: That’s how much retail investors deposited, at more than $100,000 each, for a chance to win just two shares in a lottery tied to the IPO of Big Hit, the parent company of K-pop group BTS, according to reporting in the Financial Times and Yahoo! News.

In the last few years, K-pop has grown into a bonafide international phenomenon, and the boy band BTS is arguably the genre’s biggest act. Big Hit Entertainment, the agency behind BTS, went public on October 15 in what would be South Korea’s largest initial public offering in three years. The IPO was heavily oversubscribed by retail and institutional investors, thanks largely to excitement from BTS stans, causing its share price to jump by more than 130% soon after it debuted on the market.

However, all that excitement was short-lived, as institutional investors quickly began selling off their shares, causing the stock to plummet over the next few days. Savvier investors might have spotted weaknesses that K-pop fans didn’t: While Big Hit Entertainment is behind the world’s most popular K-pop group, it is also entirely dependent on them, with almost 90% of its sales coming from BTS. What’s more, the members of BTS may soon have put their music careers on hold to join South Korea’s two years of mandatory military service. Big Hit has been searching but has so far been unable to add another group to its roster with similar star power.

Institutional investors who cashed out at the top of the market are laughing all the way to the bank, leaving fans who excitedly bought into Big Hit’s IPO disappointed with the stock’s performance.

Still, the K-pop standom seems to be preoccupied with other things at the moment — like fighting QAnon.

For more Number of the Day, follow Marker EditorsThe global music industry may be facing a slow down in the face of the global coronavirus pandemic, but K-pop physical album sales are hotter than ever in 2020. At a time when only the most dedicated fans are spending money on hard copies of music, fans of South Korea-based acts are earning big, with 2020 witnessing over five albums selling over 1 million copies each, and one by BTS with over 4 million recorded sales.

Earlier this year, South Korea’s Gaon Chart – which reports accumulated sales and streams – revealed immense growth in album sales despite the COVID-19 pandemic, with albums from BTS, NCT 127, Baekhyun, and Seventeen each selling millions of copies. October, historically one of the busiest months for K-pop releases as artists aim for end-of-year hits, is expected to add several to this increasingly less elusive club: The month has already witnessed the arrival of high-profile albums by BLACKPINK (The Album, which debuted at No. 2 on the US Billboard 200 and repotedly sold over 1 million in pre-orders ) and NCT 2020 (NCT 2020 : RESONANCE Pt. 1, which also reportedly sold over 1.12 million copies in pre-orders), and highly-anticipated albums from the likes of Seventeen, TWICE, LOONA, and Tomorrow X Together forthcoming.

Over the past decade since Gaon started tracking sales, K-pop artists have increasingly seen occasionally top acts, like BTS and EXO, sell multiple million-selling albums, and prior to it occasionally South Korean albums, especially in the ‘90s, sold over 1 million copies. But 2020 is the first year in the era of digital streaming platforms (DSPs) to witness the trickle of physical sales turn into a true deluge, as fan buying power has increasingly grown over the first three quarters of 2020 across individual fandoms within K-pop spaces, with fandom engagement at an all time high in regards to sales and numerous artists gaining the nickname of “million sellers.”

Companies, seemingly at least partially in an attempt to recoup lost income from the lack of live events, have pushed not only online concert events but also album sales; with artists’ social media accounts pushing for fans to spend, with some artists, such as SuperM, even using text messages to engage with fans, ostensibly to push for better sales. Along with a generally heightened state of competition, in part likely because fans hope to help their favorite stars top music charts across the globe, the lack of live concert events that fans may otherwise spend funds on COVID-anxiety-reducing retail therapy may also explain the burst of K-pop album sales in 2020.

Accessibility has also increased in recent years, with K-pop album distribution becoming far more available, making the merch-like music items much easier for fans to purchase. In the U.S. particularly, local distributers and exclusives at major retailers such as Target have helped boost sales, while South Korean entertainment companies such as SM Entertainment (SuperM, NCT, etc.) and Big Hit Entertainment (BTS, TXT, etc.) have opened online stores that non-Korea based fans, particularly Stateside ones, can purchase merchandise through.

The current state of things makes it unclear what the future will be, and whether the current environment where multiple fandoms are able to support, sustainably, millions of albums’ sales. K-pop is considered to be one element of hallyu, or the South Korean wave of popular entertainment that has swept across the globe, and it’s likely that we’re seeing the upswing, or a peaking, of the current wave with these immense sales. Whether this wave of sales is sustained has yet to be seen, but for the moment, at a time when music industries across the globe are flailing, the K-pop industry and its fan-consumers continue to show their buying power.

This article has been updated to rectify a typo. NCT 2020’s album reportedly pre-sold 1.12 million copies, not 1.2.“Ten years ago, BTS wouldn’t have made it in the U.S.,” says Shin Cho. “Western audiences just weren’t ready. Now, people get it.”

Cho is the new head of K-pop for Warner Music Asia, where he leads strategy for the genre’s global growth. For Cho, who joined Warner Asia nine years ago and moved up the ranks from its marketing team into his new role last year, the popularity of K-pop is well-established — but its staying power will depend on how labels position artists beyond Asia.

Read all the stories in Rolling Stone‘s Future 25

Cho has championed collaboration, believing that the best way to bridge the gap between East and West is by tapping into an easy commonality: good music. He’s scoured Warner’s extensive roster of artists to find meaningful — and often surprising — pairings that prove doubly fruitful. He put together Lizzo and K-pop rookies AB6IX on a Korean-language remix of “Truth Hurts,” for example, got K-Pop diva Hwa Sa to feature on a remix of Dua Lipa’s “Physical,” and placed one of Korea’s biggest rappers, CHANGMO, on a remix of U.K. rapper Stormzy’s Ed Sheeran co-write “Own It.”

To help Western artists break in Asia, Cho has marketed them through K-pop culture — and he’s used those same artists to promote local K-pop artists to new territories. Meanwhile, he’s doubled down on a blueprint that’s become a staple of K-pop 101: creating a fervent fan base to help promote an act and ultimately propel them to success.

When Korean DJ-producer SHAUN released his EDM track “Way Back Home” in 2018, it performed so well on the charts that management was accused of running a streaming scheme. But as Cho had correctly predicted, it was simply the effect of hundreds of thousands of fans sharing the song organically through social media, or the Korean texting app Kakao. “The music spoke for itself,” Cho says. “The songwriting and melody was so good.”

Some suggested pulling the track to push back against chart manipulation rumors. But Cho pushed for an international version instead with U.K. singer Conor Maynard and Dutch DJ Sam Feldt. “A lot of people didn’t think it was a good idea, but I was like, ‘I need to try this,’” Cho says. “’This needs to go global.’”

“Way Back Home” has now topped 3.4 billion streams globally, and was one of the most streamed K-pop tracks on Spotify in 2019. For Cho, it was yet another example of the power of collaboration.

“People are often like, ‘It’s not going to work,’ or, ‘This is not how you market K-pop artists,’ but we have to be flexible and try new approaches,” Cho says, attributing Warner’s success to its ability to understand the cultural differences between audiences. “We’re trying different things other labels in Asia haven’t done before, and I think you’ll be seeing more of these hybrid, genre-bending, collaborative tracks and projects that break the wall between K-pop and American music.”

It’s not just fans who have been receptive to the pairing of K-pop groups with international acts. Cho says Western artists have welcomed the opportunity to reach a new audience with their songs too. “Lizzo was blowing up in the States, but not so much in Asia, and at the same time, AB6IX was one of the hottest rookies in the K-pop scene,” he says. “With the “Truth Hurts” [remix], we were able to utilize their fan base to widen Lizzo’s fan base, and get her coverage she had never had before.”

Cho, who was born in Seoul and raised in Virginia, says the acceptance of K-pop in the music industry is reminiscent of another Korean staple that’s now commonplace. “Twenty years ago, there would be so many people who would try kimchi for the first time and be like, ‘Oh, gross, I don’t know about that,’” he says. “But nowadays they have kimchi at Whole Foods.”K-pop band TWICE reveals its daring side on new album

FILE - In this Jan. 15, 2019, file photo, members of South Korean K-pop group TWICE pose for photos on the red carpet at the Seoul Music Awards at Gocheok Sky Dome in Seoul, South Korea. TWICE, a popular K-pop group known for its catchy lyrics and colorful aesthetics, released its second full album, a collection that invites listeners into the band's more daring side. “Eyes Wide Open,” released Monday, Oct. 26, 2020, has 13 songs, including the lead single “I Can't Stop Me." (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man, File)

FILE - In this Jan. 15, 2019, file photo, members of South Korean K-pop group TWICE pose for photos on the red carpet at the Seoul Music Awards at Gocheok Sky Dome in Seoul, South Korea. TWICE, a popular K-pop group known for its catchy lyrics and colorful aesthetics, released its second full album, a collection that invites listeners into the band's more daring side. “Eyes Wide Open,” released Monday, Oct. 26, 2020, has 13 songs, including the lead single “I Can't Stop Me." (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man, File)

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — TWICE, a popular K-pop group known for its catchy lyrics and colorful aesthetics, has released its second full album, a collection that invites listeners into the band’s more daring side.

The all-female group, which debuted in 2015 and has achieved success in both Japan and South Korea, sat down with The Associated Press ahead of the release to talk about the project.

Nayeon, one of the band’s nine members, said that “I Can’t Stop Me” has a “retro” sound, with lyrics about “not being able to control ourselves crossing the line.”

The track sees TWICE explore the boundaries between good and bad, revealing a more daring side of the band — a departure from its happy-go-lucky style.

When asked to discuss boundaries they wouldn’t cross in their personal lives, the group — which has Japanese, South Korean and Taiwanese members, all in their early 20s — didn’t elaborate.

“This is a difficult question!” Jihyo said with a cheeky smile.

K-pop bands like TWICE are celebrated for their tightly synchronized dance moves and spotless aesthetics, often enduring years of training on the way to stardom. The demand for perfection never ends — leaving no room for mistakes, either onstage or off.

Group member Sana said balancing a hectic schedule with onstage perfection wasn’t easy when TWICE first started.

“We had so many venues we needed to perform at, but we had very limited time to prepare,” she said. “There were lots of moments when we’d practice for three hours twice a day and get on stage right away. So preparing and having to give perfect performances to so many people in such a rushed time weighed on us.”

“We could’ve done better and wanted to do better,” she added. “It was difficult to go through moments of not having control.”

But with half a decade of experience under their belt, the band is now allowed more breathing room.

“We don’t try too hard to be perfect,” said Tzuyu, the band’s Taiwanese singer. “I think I try to enjoy the moment instead of being so harsh on myself.”

As K-pop goes global thanks to bands like BTS and Blackpink, TWICE has its eyes on the U.S. market, planning to release English-language songs in the near future.Forbes last month referred to the cyber force of some 100 million fans as the “new Anonymous.” Some experts consider the loosely linked stans even more powerful on the internet than some nations.

In June, TikTok users and the K-Pop fans flooded the Trump campaign with requests for free tickets to the president’s rally in Tulsa, which they had no intention of using. The campaign boasted it had received more than a million ticket requests, but only some 6,000 were used. That left vast swathes of empty seats in a city stadium, which infuriated Trump.

Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.) gave a shout out then to “Zoomers — y’all make me so proud,” and to “KPop allies.”

“We see and appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice too,” the progressive lawmaker said.

The cyber movement is dominated by some 50 million fans of K-Pop kings BTS. Stans of the seven-member boy band call themselves ARMY (Adorable Representative M.C for Youth).

In June, BTS tweeted support of the Black Lives Matter movement and announced that it had donated $1 million to the cause.

우리는 인종차별에 반대합니다.

우리는 폭력에 반대합니다.

나, 당신, 우리 모두는 존중받을 권리가 있습니다. 함께 하겠습니다.



We stand against racial discrimination.

We condemn violence.

You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together.#BlackLivesMatter — 방탄소년단 (@BTS_twt) June 4, 2020

A key tactic in the cyberattacks is “keyword squatting” — hijacking phrases used by an enemy group to render them useless, Bloomberg reports.

An example was the phrase “white lives matter” after the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis in May. Searches for the phrase suddenly turned up a flood of photos and video clips of Korean boy bands. Text with the images or videos frequently referred to the cyberassault, such as “Stan Twitter RISE.”

The LGBTQ community used the same tactic earlier this month when the hashtag “Proud Boys” was inundated with photos of gay lovers.

QAnon, the far-right conspiracy theory that has gained support from Trump and other Republicans, was one of the first groups to utilize the tactic. But the vast numbers of K-Pop fans are capable of swamping most other efforts.

QAnon “got beaten at their own game by Korean pop fans,” conspiracy theory researcher Mike Rothschild told Bloomberg. “I’ve never seen anything like it.”Returning, from quarantine, Wang was quickly back to the bustle, managing his company, Team Wang, in Shanghai while his songs became global hits. After snagging his first number one on Billboard’s Emerging Artists chart last November with his debut English-language solo album, Mirrors, this May his single “100 Ways” became the first by a Chinese solo artist to reach the Mediabase Top 40 radio chart. The track has since continued to set records on global charts. “I’m not trying to break in or invade or whatever that’s called,” says Wang, when asked about his place in the global music industry compared to that of Asia’s. “I’m a Chinese kid who loves music and is trying to do something different. I just want to share that with everybody. We’re living on earth. If there are aliens, I would love to share my stuff with them too, definitely.”

With meticulously produced videos often referencing Chinese history and his traditional culture, Wang is out to create cultural bridges at a time when so many of them are crumbling, especially between China and the United States. “At the end of the day, the East and West [are] very far apart from each other,” he says. “I feel that when Asian or Eastern people look at Western [society], they don’t know exactly what is going on. And it’s the opposite way in the West. So I’m just trying to share more right now about my culture through music and in my videos visually. But I also love learning about other cultures as much as I love sharing mine; I’m just trying to connect everything together.” Wang pauses, then adds, “I’m also trying to suggest that although we might seem far away from each other, we might be closer than we thought.”Many K-pop stars, including 4Minute’s Hyuna, pursue solo careers or turn to acting once their time in a group is over.Seungkwan of Seventeen reveled in music as he held his second “lecture” as a professor of K-pop, staying online for almost 2 1/2 hours.He started off with IU’s “Boo” and walked over to the whiteboard behind him, where he wrote “We Remember K-pop” with a proud smile. It was his first livestream since early September, when he earned the nickname “Professor Boo,” he said, repressing chuckles.He was busy promoting “Home;Run” but could not find any more excuses, especially after the band received an award for pop culture earlier that day.The idol told viewers that he would write down the song titles for those who might join later. IU’s “Boo” always reminded him of the time when it came out in 2009, he said.“I used to insist that the song was dedicated to me,” he said, chortling at his own silliness, “Boo” being his last name. But nobody believed him, of course, since there were so many people with the same family name on Jeju Island, where he is from.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220255.Jisung of NCT went live from the company after a fan meet session.“It’s been a long while since I’ve done a solo livestream,” he said, admitting with a sheepish grin that he felt awkward. He’d just changed his hair color that day, but said it was hard to tell because of the dim lighting. It was somewhere between khaki and teal, he told his fans, thanking them for the compliments. He also thanked them for reminding him to post a selfie, saying it had slipped his mind.Going through the live comments posted by viewers, he assured them that his knee was OK and there was no problem unless he overused it. He’d been dancing mostly using his upper body these days and somehow was getting better at it, said the idol with a smile.“I’ll end the livestream before Chenle starts his radio show,” he said, replying to a fan’s question. He would have dinner after the broadcast, said the idol, admitting that he was getting hungry.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220205.The bandmates of Enhypen appeared in costume in time for Halloween and played games for candy.Jake was Super Mario, Sunghoon was Pacman and Jay was a racecar driver.They were split into two teams and would earn candies in each round. The winning team would get a bigger prize, Heeseung said, raising everyone’s expectations.For the first round, each team was given five syllables in Korean that had to be repeated aloud five times, with the stress placed on a different syllable each time. Jay failed multiple times, and his team ran out of time and lost. The other team was too strict about the game, protested the leader.“So this is how you’re going to play, huh?” Jay said, prompting laughter from the rest.The idols showed more confidence in the next round, when they were tested on who could guess a K-pop song the fastest. Niki and Sunwoo were the best, everyone agreed.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220186.Kpop Herald reporters Hong Dam-young and Choi Ji-won looked closely at Tomorrow X Together’s third EP, ‘minisode1: Blue Hour,’ two days after its release.The “Blue Hour” in the title refers to the short period of twilight when one can see many different shades of blue, Choi explained. The album as a whole is very poetic and stirs up listeners’ emotions, as did the band’s previous music, she added.But the group seemed to have switched gears from the previous EP, which showed a darker side of the bandmates and depicted their youthful struggles, said Hong. The new music shows they have overcome those struggles, she added.This EP comes after three installments of the band’s “Dream” series and is a mini-episode before the band starts another narrative, as Soobin said at the online media conference, said Choi, who attended the event.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220150.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=K-pop star AleXa says the year since her debut in October 2019 has been “a dream come true”. Photo: ZB LabelWhen the K-pop band Blackpink released the music video for their song “How You Like That” in June, fans began asking about the group’s outfits, which appeared at once traditional and contemporary. Who was the designer behind Jennie’s cropped pink jacket, they wanted to know, and what inspired the look?

In the past few years, similar design concepts have been spotted on members of K-pop groups like BTS, SHINee and Exo. They are fresh takes on a centuries-old form of Korean dress called a hanbok. Scroll through the #hanbokstagram hashtag on Instagram and you’ll find thousands of posts with updated looks.

While a hanbok — which usually consists of a jeogori (jacket), paired with baji (pants) for men and a chima (skirt) for women — is generally reserved for holidays and special occasions, contemporary designers have been reimagining it.

Some modern hanbok brands have been boosted by K-pop stars who command devoted stan armies. Kim Danha, of the label Danha, said her brand’s site saw nearly 4,000 visitors a day after her jacket appeared on Jennie in the Blackpink video.Listen to Phillipa Soo Sing the KPOP-Inspired ‘Ultraluminary’ From Netflix's Over the Moon

The Hamilton Tony nominee performs the new track in the upcoming release.

Check out the music video for the KPOP-inspired “Ultraluminary” above, sung by Hamilton Tony nominee Phillipa Soo. The dance track comes from the upcoming animated feature film Over the Moon, streaming on Netflix beginning October 23.

The song is written by Christopher Curtis, Marjorie Duffield, and Helen Park (Off-Broadway's KPOP).

Joining Soo in the cast are Tony winner Ruthie Ann Miles (The King and I), Cathy Ang, Robert G. Chiu, Ken Jeong, John Cho, Margaret Cho, Kimiko Glenn (Waitress), Artt Butler, and Sandra Oh. Audrey Wells penned the screenplay; Oscar winner Glen Keane and John Kahrs are co-directors.

In Over the Moon, a bright young girl builds a rocket ship to the moon to prove the existence of a legendary Moon Goddess. There she ends up on an unexpected quest, and discovers a whimsical land of fantastical creatures.

Gennie Rim and Peilin Chou produce with executive producers Janet Yang, Glen Keane, Ruigang Li, Frank Zhu, and Thomas Hui.League of Legends has revealed its newest Champion/part-time K-pop star, Seraphine. The addition comes after months of teasing and fan speculation after the character popped up on several different social media posts. Going back to June, several accounts popped up on Twitter, Instagram, and Soundcloud with the same style that fans of League of Legends quickly assumed was associated with Riot Games' depiction of its Champions.

The accounts make no direct mention of Riot nor League of Legends (the Twitter account does not follow either the Riot or League of Legends accounts), however K/DA (League of Legends' own fictional, in-universe K-pop group) announced that it was collaborating with Seraphine on a new song in September. Seraphine's official twitter account, which at the time of writing has 314k followers, is the latest unexpected marketing ploy after announcing a streetwear collaboration with AAPE.

Related: League Of Legends Leak May Have Revealed Halloween Costumes Early

Earlier this week, Polygon reported that the accounts were indeed for League of Legends' latest Champion, Seraphine. The rundown of her abilities make Seraphine appear to be a support mage. She comes with a stacking passive that give her basic attacks more range, a magic attack that does more damage based on her target's missing health (Q - High Note), a buff that boosts both herself and her allies' movement speed and a shield (W - Surround Sound), a straight line attack that damages and slows her target (E - Beat Drop), and lastly a spell that damages and stuns champions and also adds to her above mentioned passive buff (R - Encore).

Seraphine will also launch with an Ultimate tier skin, which are the most prestigious and elaborate of their kind (though they're typically reserved for long-time Champions). Players will be able to upgrade Seraphine's Ultimate skin via several missions that chronicle the Champion's rise from Soundcloud musician to global pop icon. However, the reveal has been met with a fair amount of criticism (adding to an already tough week for League of Legends), as fans on Twitter have accused Riot of putting more time and effort into Seraphine's marketing as opposed to her actual kit, which is already strikingly similar to Sona's.

Putting so many resources towards the promotion of a new hero is definitely an interesting decision on Riot's part, although the company has already made several attempts at growing League of Legends' brand, like announcing a new line of toys. Still, Seraphine's rollout starkly contrasts the subtle and impromptu addition of Samira a few months back, so it can be jarring for players.

And again, there is the issue of Seraphine's role and abilities almost entirely overlapping Sona's, a Champion that players already repeatedly demanded a rework for. With the release of Seraphine in the upcoming 10.22 patch, Sona will likely largely be abandoned by the player base in favor of the more useful Seraphine. While different, Riot's approach to Seraphine is yet another example of the company's commitment to trying to grow League of Legends' name, instead of improving it.

Next: League of Legends: All Yone's Abilities (& How They Work)As detailed in a report by Bloomberg, when Big Hit Entertainment Co., the agency behind BTS, became tradable in South Korea last week, the concept of "owning" a part of the supergroup became the newest status symbol. What's more, BTS's animated fans, known as the Army, began cheering one another on via social media, suggesting that a shareholder's portfolio, not a poster in one's bedroom, was the newest sign of support.

The report quotes BTS fans on social media boasting "I’ll buy a share whenever news media shakes things up and hold them until I die. Media keeps talking about losses, but they know nothing." The Big Hit stock dipped 21 percent on Friday after it skyrocketed on Thursday to $235, double its offering price. The company's valuation stood at $7.6 billion. BTS represents an estimated 90 percent of Big Hit's revenue.

K-Pop is just about the only aspect of the recording industry showing growth, with a 46 percent increase this year, according to an analyst cited by Bloomberg. Overall, combined album sales of Universal Music Group Inc., Sony Corp. and Warner Music Group Corp. dropped 23 percent.

The BTS Army is known for its mobilization efforts. Recently, they organized to ensure that a newly released track, "Dynamite," would break the YouTube record for most streams in a day. (They succeeded, with over 101.1 million views; it is now at nearly 500 million.)

When the band donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter organizations in June, fans quickly matched that amount (raising $817,000 in only 24 hours.) Famously, K-Pop fans on TikTok are alleged to have been the source of an intentionally embarrassing inflation of interest in President Donald Trump's June Tulsa rally. The lack of an actual audience is believed to have led to Brad Parscale's demotion within the reelection campaign.

— Monica Lewinsky on the Pandemic’s Forgotten F-Word

— Why Harry and Meghan Won’t Spend Christmas With the Queen

— What One Book Critic Learned by Reading 150 Trump Books

— How Ghislaine Maxwell Recruited Young Girls for Jeffrey Epstein

— More Details Emerge on Prince Harry and Prince William’s “Bitter Explosion”

— Tracing Photographer Richard Avedon’s Bohemian Coming of Age

— From the Archive: The Mysteries of Princess Diana’s Fatal Car Crash

— Not a subscriber? Join Vanity Fair to receive full access to VF.com and the complete online archive now.BANGKOK — Fans of South Korean pop groups are fundraising millions of baht to support the ongoing pro-democracy protests in Thailand.

Taking advantage of their prominence on social media platforms, the K-pop fanbases raised and donated about 3 million baht to the protesters for buying necessary equipment, said Intira “Sai” Charoenpura, an actress turned activist who collected donations on behalf of the movement.

“This is an incomplete list. One boom, and I was able to buy 4,000 helmets, raincoats, gloves, safety hats, and so on,” Sai wrote in a tweet.

She continued, “For the millionth time, this fanclub power is what pooyai like to underestimate. They don’t understand that doing something or loving someone isn’t done by force. But if you love something, you can’t be stopped.”

The largest donations so far have come from the fan group for Girls’ Generation, which donated 779,562 baht.

Elfs, or fans of Super Junior, raised more than 700,000 baht in less than 24 hours. Fans of Chinese actors Wang Yibo and Sean Xiao donated about 349,000 baht, while Thai Exo-Ls, or fans of the Exo K-pop group contributed 300,704 baht.

BTS Thailand page – the band, not the skytrains – also urged K-pop fans to put an end to the tradition of buying up billboard ads on the BTS and MRT stations to support their idols. Both rail systems shut their doors during the protests over the past week, much to the frustration of the demonstrators and commuters.

“We’re calling Armys and other fancluts to stop buying ad projects with the BTS and MRT, because both inconvenienced protesters and normal citizens from getting home and putting them in danger,” the page wrote.

Fans of K-pop groups and other idol groups often pooled money to buy ads wishing their stars happy birthday on the BTS and MRT, as a show of good faith to their stars.

Large scale protests against the government continued for the fourth consecutive day on Sunday, the number swelling after an attempt by the police to crack down on a large rally attended by many students on Friday.

The demonstrators are calling for PM Prayut Chan-o-cha’s resignation, amendments to make the 2017 Constitution more democratic, and reforms of the monarchy.Today marks the first death anniversary of K-pop actress-singer Sulli.

Last year on 14 October, Sulli, 25, was found dead in her home in Seoul. Her manager found her body on the second floor of her house in Seongnam, south of the capital, when he could not reach her on Sunday, news website Korea Herald reported.

The police confirmed Sulli’s death and said that she was grappling with severe depression, without elaborating.

Fans have been commemorating her through social media, by posting messages such as “It’s already one year. Time passes so fast” and “Let’s remember your smile and your strength.”

The hashtags #Sulli and #Remember_Sulli are currently trending on Twitter.

One of Sulli’s best friends, actress Kim Sun Ah visited the tombstone at a local burial ground where the late star rests in.

According to Koreaboo, Kim posted this message on her Instagram, “I couldn’t sleep at the thought of coming to see you. I have not lived a day without remembering. I missed you so much, and there was so much I wanted to talk about when I meet you. I wanted to tell you more fun stories, but I’m sorry all I did was cry too much.”

“But then again, you must know just how much I love you! I want to see you so much and miss you lots. And your daughter, Goblin, is doing really well. Even if I get married, I will come here with my husband holding hands, and when I give birth to kids, I’ll hold their hands and bring them here too. As long as I’m alive, I will keep coming to see you, so don’t be lonely.”

Kim had adopted Sulli’s cat, Goblin after the actress’ passing.

If you are struggling with thoughts or feelings about suicide, contact SOS on 1800 221 4444 (24hrs). If you have concerns about mental health issues, contact Emergency Helpline (IMH) on 6389 2222 (24hrs). For more information and help dealing with mental health issues, go to https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/559/findhelp_servicesformentalhealthsupport.

If you are struggling with thoughts or feelings about suicide, contact Lifeline on (+603) 4265 7995 (24hrs). If you have concerns about mental health issues, contact the Malaysian Mental Health Association on (+603) 7782 5499. For more information and help dealing with mental health issues, contact the Befrienders on (+603) 79568144 or (+603) 7956 8145; or go to https://www.befrienders.org.my/

If you are struggling with thoughts or feelings about suicide, contact Lifeline on (02) 8969191 or 0917 854 9191. If you have concerns about mental health issues, contact the National Center for Mental Health (NCMH) Crisis Hotline on 0917 899 8727 (USAP) and 989 8727 (USAP). For more information and help dealing with mental health issues, go to the National Center for Mental Health at http://ncmh.gov.ph/.

Actress Oh In Hye dies in hospital after cardiac arrest

Yeo Jin Goo believes in finishing every scrap of food on his plate for an easier after-lifeK-pop girl group sensation Twice will be featured on League of Legends’ fictional pop group K/DA’s upcoming album.

Following K/DA’s success in 2018, Riot Games put out a pre-release single, “The Baddest” in September. Soyeon and Miyeon of K-pop girl group (G)I-dle returned to their roles as Akali and Ahri, but the song featured two new singers as well: Bea Miller and Wolftyla. Madison Beer and Jaira Burns were both featured in K/DA’s first single, “Pop/Stars,” and are making a return to the group.

The rest of the EP will feature more singers. The full track list is as follows:

Twice is a hugely popular K-pop girl group and has created numerous catchy chart-topping singles like “Cheer Up,” “Likey,” and “Feel Special.” Lexie Liu is a prominent Chinese singer and rapper, and Bekuh Boom is known for her work with K-pop group Blackpink, so it’s safe to say that there’s tons of talent on this upcoming album.

We’re not entirely sure which characters are in which songs, or which singers are representing which characters, outside of Soyeon and Miyeon very likely keeping their roles as Akali and Ahri. A Riot Games representative has confirmed that four members of Twice, Jihyo, Nayeon, Sana, and Chaeyoung, will perform on “I’ll Show You.”

Update (Nov. 3): A Riot Games representative originally told Polygon that all nine members of Twice would perform on “I’ll Show You.” However, Riot has since reached out to clarify that only Jihyo, Nayeon, Sana, and Chaeyoung will be performing in the song. We’ve updated the story to reflect this.Boy band devotees used to be docile, but now they bite, says the Financial Times’ John Gapper.

LONDON: When Kim Nam-joon of the South Korean band BTS last week expressed regret for “the sacrifices of countless men and women” in the 1950s Korean war, it sounded innocuous.

But RM, as Kim is known, irritated some of the world’s most powerful and sensitive consumers: Chinese fans.

“I am Chinese so I decided to be angry and quit the boy band’s fan club to express my clear attitude,” one fan told the nationalist tabloid Global Times, which denounced RM’s reference to the “history of pain” shared by the US and Korea (with China on the other side) as “one-sided”.

A user on the social network Weibo declared: “Get out, don’t come to China to make money.”

READ: Commentary: K-pop’s hardcore fans are propelling social movements, but have blind spots



The contretemps was not enough to spoil the first day of trading for shares in Big Hit Entertainment, BTS’s music agency, in Seoul on Thursday.

Korean fans pushed its value to US$7.6 billion – nearly double its initial public offering price – despite a rapid effort by companies including Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motors to distance themselves from BTS in China.

But if BTS, whose slick dancing, polite manners and collective cuteness make it the world’s biggest K-pop band, cannot keep fans happy in one country without angering them elsewhere, what hope have others?

Boy band devotees used to be docile – the stars sang, they swooned. Now they bite.

RM at least tried to be sensitive; John Lennon did not bother. In an interview in 1966, Lennon mused, “We’re more popular than Jesus now . . . [He] was all right but his disciples were thick and ordinary.”

The British Invasion – the Korean Wave of its time – was then two years old and The Beatles were morphing from mop tops into maestros.

Lennon blundered across a cultural divide between Europe and the US – religion was in decline in the UK, but not in the Bible Belt. Christian radio stations organised Beatles record burnings on the band’s tour of the US that year, which marked the end of its paid concerts.

“Letters arrived at the house, full of threats, hate and venom,” his first wife Cynthia later wrote.

The diplomatic task facing bands was simpler then. Europe and the US were easily the leading markets, although The Beatles toured Japan and the Philippines in 1966.

The cultural revolution started in China that year, so its teenagers were otherwise occupied.

READ: Commentary: Why China is throwing wide open doors to Wall Street

The world is now wider. Measured by YouTube video views – a crucial metric for today’s musicians – K-Pop’s top five markets outside Korea are Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Malaysia and Hong Kong.

The video for BTS’s first English-language single “Dynamite” is full of American symbols – a disco, a doughnut joint – but the band also needs to attain global reach.

K-pop’s answer has been to engineer a consistent, feel-good, homogenous output, akin to McDonald’s in the first wave of consumer globalisation.

K-pop idols are recruited young by Korea’s big three music groups (not including Big Hit), trained to dance, sing and behave well – and only put on stage in bands when they are honed.

Being “designed by an oligopoly with very little diversity in the product”, as Mary Jane Ainslie, an associate professor at Nottingham Ningbo China University, puts it, only goes so far.

One study led by Prof Ainslie in Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines found that consumers were tiring of K-pop’s sameness. Some perceived it as a form of cultural imperialism.

READ: Commentary: Goo Hara’s death should lead K-pop fans to do some soul-searching

Fans are more exacting than they used to be. It is partly because they have greater choice – the days of western brands being greeted with unalloyed delight on their arrival in emerging markets have passed – but also thanks to technology.

Lennon had the buffer of popular protest needing to travel by post. The backlash to RM’s remarks was immediate.

Technology and social media were vital to the growth of BTS and the value of Big Hit. K-pop is visual and the band cultivates fans on Twitter, Instagram and YouTube. Big Hit streamed a two-day BTS concert last weekend on its own platform, WeVerse.

BTS fans, known as The Army (Adorable Representative MC for Youth), marshal online.

But technology-enabled fans are hard to corral. Some of K-pop’s most fervent followers, known as stans, spontaneously arranged to disrupt a Donald Trump campaign rally in June, while so-called Fanquan Girls – politically active Chinese fans – flooded social media with slogans criticising Hong Kong protests last year.

Participating in a celebrity fanquan (literally, “meal circle”) is hard work. Fans are prodded by others to post praise and pay for stunts, such as writing one star’s name in the sky above Hollywood.

They also expend a lot of energy eulogising idols and flaming their rivals. “You B-lister, stay away from my boy. Don’t try to share his spotlight!” one warned.

READ: Commentary: How world sensation BTS took K-pop fandom to a whole new level

Fierce devotion can turn to angry disappointment when fans feel let down, as RM has discovered. K-pop has been remarkably adept at spanning borders and cultures in an age when that is difficult.

But even a cute boy band cannot please all of its followers all of the time.The 2020 Asia Artist Awards (AAA) will be back for its fourth edition next month.

BTS, GOT7, MONSTA X, NCT, TWICE, TREASURE, and more win at 2020 Asia Artist Awards – see complete list of winners

The annual awards ceremony is set to take place on 25 November, with the red carpet starting at 4pm KST (3pm SG/PH/MY Standard Time) and the main show to start at 6pm KST (5pm SG/PH/MY Standard Time).

Celebrating all Asian artists not only in the music industry, AAA also recognises notable stars in film, variety shows, drama series, and more.

UPDATE (19/11): Due to a change in COVID-19-related government regulations, the 2020 Asia Artist Awards will be postponed from 25 November to 28 November. The red carpet will also start at 6pm KST (5pm, SG/PH/MY Standard Time) followed by the official ceremony at 7pm KST (6pm SG/PH/MY Standard Time).

On 15 October, the first musician lineup was unveiled to include crowd-favourites: MAMAMOO, NCT 127, TREASURE, ITZY, Stray Kids, ONEUS, CRAVITY, Secret Number, Song Ga In, Kang Daniel, beatboxer Bigman, and AleXa. 



The second wave of musician lineup was revealed on 27 October: Super Junior, GOT7, TWICE, MONSTA X, AB6IX, PENTAGON, The Boyz, (G)I-DLE, IZ*ONE, and American artist MAX are scheduled to make an appearance at the event.

Super Junior's Leeteuk will be continuing his run as the emcee of the evening since the award show began in 2016.

Last year's awards ceremony was held in Vietnam, and some of the biggest prizes of the night went to Red Velvet, GOT7, TWICE, and SEVENTEEN.

Details on whether the event will be held fully online or in-person have yet to be confirmed.

To find out more about the 2020 Asia Artist Awards, visit the official website. Stay tuned for more details.The bright lights illuminate the scene as Blackpink walks on stage. Each member assumes her position and in moments the audience is overwhelmed with the group’s harmonious vocals, bright lights and pop music. Sometimes, that is all that the audience sees – a group of four strong, beautiful women performing in unison, but what happens behind the scenes?

Just in time for the release of BlackPink’s latest record,“The Album,” Netflix’s new documentary, “Blackpink: Light Up the Sky” premiered. The film follows Blackpink, a prominent all-girl Kpop group, and their journey 

 to fame. 



The documentary goes through each member’s backstory and how they ended up on YG Entertainment, a South Korean entertainment company that trains and produces music for up and coming artists. All four of Blackpink’s members — Jennie, Lisa, Rosé and Ji-Soo — joined YG in their early-mid teens, and most of them dropped out of high school to train with YG. 



The exposition of their challenging training days sets the tone for the rest of the documentary and their journey. Showcasing each member’s background serves as a contrast to the rest of the documentary, where they are more often seen as a family rather than acquaintances or friends.



Next, the documentary takes on a more intimate tone, walking through a timeline of Blackpink’s releases. From their vulnerabilities performing on stage to the overwhelming amount of pressure the group faced to release hit songs to the physical and emotional exhaustion they felt on tour, the documentary becomes much more personal. 



It describes the challenges each group member faced as they quickly ascended to fame. After all, one of their first singles, “Whistle,” reached the number one on the South Korean charts in two weeks and went on to receive international attention.

But “Blackpink: Light Up the Sky” doesn’t stop there. Interviews with each member highlight individual challenges and how the group came together to overcome them. The most prominent feature of Blackpink in its early days was the diversity within the group. Jennie is originally from China, Lisa is from Thailand, Rosé is from Australia and Ji-Soo is from South Korea. The diversity within this group was unheard of before Blackpink. 



Jennie served as an English teacher for many of the group members and refined her own skills, recently producing an English-Korean rap hit, “Solo.” 



All group members are fluent in at least two languages and developed the versatility to easily switch between languages by working with each other.



Ji-Soo, the oldest of the group, said that she felt an older sister-like instinct to “protect the other members and take care of them.” This instinct especially kicked in when Blackpink went on their first tour. In fact, Jennie referred to Ji-Soo as unnie, the word for “older sister” in Korean.



Lisa and Rosé became close friends, as they were recruited by YG Entertainment in the same time frame and quickly relied on each other to go through training. Through these roles, Blackpink became a family.



The turning point in the group’s journey was performing at Coachella for the first time in 2019. The group was about to complete an exhausting world tour and was especially nervous about an unexpectedly large audience. However, the performance helped them realize that Blackpink was not just a traditional K-pop girl group. 



“They knew we wanted to try something creative and new,” Jennie said. Members also learned how to draw passion from the crowd to better their performance and become comfortable on stage. This was an important stepping stone in their journey and has shaped all of their on-stage performances since.



The documentary also disclosed Blackpink’s vision of the future, specifically the scary thought the group will be replaced by the younger generation in the future — but the group doesn’t seem very concerned about this fear.



Stream “Blackpink: Light Up the Sky” on Netflix now.On Tuesday night, the late-night talk show host interviewed the K-pop girl group over video chat, live from Seoul.

“Do you know I speak Korean?” Kimmel asked in Korean — not one, but three times. (Do you know he doesn’t know any other phrases?)

Jaws dropped and “thumbs up” flashed as Jennie, Rosé, Jisoo and Lisa reacted with genuine surprise — at least the first time.

Kimmel recognized the band’s international popularity, asking if members need to wear disguises to step out the front door. (In June, the music video for “How You Like That” off Blackpink’s debut, “The Album,” set a YouTube record, viewed more than 80 million times in 24 hours.)

The women try to dress “manly and tough,” they said, layering hats and hoodies when they’re out in public. “That’s what I do too,” Kimmel quipped.



That’s partly because of their loyal fan club, known as “Blink,” a portmanteau of “black” and “pink.” The members of the group came up with the “Blink” name around the time they chose “Blackpink,” they said.

“We’re very girly, but at the same time, we’re very savage too,” vocalist Rosé said of the Blackpink name, nodding to their “Pretty Savage” track.

Blackpink as an entity began forming around 2010, when YG Entertainment in South Korea held worldwide tryouts for teenage recruits to create a new girl group. There, the “trainees” at the label learned English, Japanese, Chinese and Korean, they told Kimmel.

Kimmel was careful to tailor questions to each artist: Jisoo doesn’t speak as much English as the other members do, so the host asked for her favorite English phrase.

“That’s a pity,” she said with a dash of sass.

Thai rapper Lisa got her moment in the spotlight too: She was most excited to meet Jaden Smith at Coachella.

“Anybody who loves music in Korea would love to go to Coachella, as like a dream wish,” singer Jennie said. Last year, Blackpink became the first female K-pop group to play Coachella.

Jennie, Rosé, Jisoo and Lisa went on to perform “Lovesick Girls” from their new album. Why call the record simply “The Album,” Kimmel wondered.

“We had a bunch of ideas, but at the end of the day, we knew that our fans were waiting so much for our album that we decided to go with something that just described it the best: ‘Blackpink: The Album’ sounded straightforward,” Rosé said.

Their Tuesday night performance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!,” however, was more “more” than “less”: Fans were met with a retro diner set, elaborate costumes and polished choreography, streamed straight from South Korea.K-pop girl band aespa has announced that it’s adding a new member to its ranks named “ae-KARINA.”

There’s something different about her though. She’s an entirely virtual, computer generated avatar, not a real singer like her fellow band members.

The band, licensed under SM Entertainment, confirmed that its work will feature both real life and “virtual” band members.

The backstory of ae-KARINA says she’s 20 years old, from Korea — and the digital counterpart to the band’s IRL band member Karina, also a 20 year old from Korea.

The pair reportedly have “various skills including vocals, rap, and dance,” according to English-language k-pop site Soompi.

A new video uploaded by the site introduces the virtual avatar and discusses how the various band members connect with her via social media. It’s not clear who will be running the virtual band member’s accounts.

The South Korean entertainment industry is no stranger to putting a digital avatar on stage. For instance, the band K/DA is entirely virtual and was created by Riot Games, the developer behind the popular online battle game “League of Legends.”

Hatsune Miku, an entirely computer-generated “vocaloid” powered by a Japanese media company, also was set to perform at Coachella this year. But as you may have heard, basically every major music event, including Coachella, was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.

READ MORE: aespa introduce their virtual member system in an interview with Karina and her counterpart, æ-Karina [allkpop]



More on virtual stars: Virtual Music Star Hatsune Miku to Perform at CoachellaHe stans BTS and One Direction’s Harry Styles, wants to work with Sia, and made friends with Red Velvet’s Yeri after they co-starred in a Burberry campaign – but Holland said no to entertainment agencies and made his debut independentlyArt meets politics again, this time with hundreds of thousands of K-Pop fans raising funds in support of the growing student protest movement in Thailand. So far they’ve raised more than 3 million baht (as of 10am this morning) but the amount is rising quickly as Thai and overseas K-Pop fans respond. The most popular band in Thailand at the moment is BTS, the South Korean septet which is currently the most popular band in the world (as of today BTS commands the Number 1 and Number 2 positions on the US Billboard singles chart).

BTS fans have so far been the largest contributors donating funds to the protest cause.

The BTS Thailand page, not to be confused with the BTS Skytrain, is urging K-pop fans to stop the practice of paying for billboards in support of their favourite idols and to celebrate the birthdays of the 7 members. RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook issued a statement on their fanpage asking fans to stop funding the BTS and MRT “inconvenienced protesters and normal citizens from getting home and putting them in danger”.

Bangkok’s two main rail systems were closed down over the weekend as police and protesters played a cat and mouse game. The protesters were withholding the announcement of protest locations to the last minute whilst police second-guessed their moves, ending up in mass inconvenience for the wider public in shutting down the entire network, including the Airport link.

“We’re calling Armys and other fans to stop buying ad projects with the BTS and MRT.” (“Army” is the name of BTS fans.

Fans of K-pop groups as well as other “idol” groups often pool their resources to purchase display ads in the MRT and BTS stations wishing their stars happy birthday or on other significant anniversaries.

It’s thought that many more millions of baht will be raised by the K-Pop fans in the next few days.

The young Thai protesters are tapping into a strong social media network, and have “weaponised” the social media and messaging platforms. The main App they are now using, to communicate their intentions, is “Telegram”, developed by a young Russian couple but now operating out of Germany. The App features encypted messages, impossible to track, and has 400 million monthly active users.

Telegram is a cloud-based instant messaging, video telephony and voice over IP service with end-to-end encryption for secret chat only, whereas Cloud chat uses client-server/server-client encryption and its messages are stored encrypted in the Telegram Cloud – Wikipedia

Meanwhile, other K-Pop acts that have mobilised their fans win support include Girls’ Generation, GOT7, NCT, WannaOne, Nu’est, X1, Day 6, Red Velvet, MonstaC, Woodz, Shinee, Super Junior and R1se. We’re sure the fans of Black Pink are also contributing but didn’t have their figures available at the time of publishing. Fans of popular Thai actors and celebrities are also donating to the pool.

Keep in contact with The Thaiger by following our Facebook page Never miss out on future posts by following The ThaigerTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.DUBAI: To celebrate the monumental impact of K-Pop on fans around the world, Spotify delved into its listening data for some of the genre’s best-known acts. From BTS to ATEEZ, here are the five most streamed K-Pop groups across Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Egypt.

Formed in 2013, BTS has spearheaded the K-Pop drive into the Middle East with catchy, upbeat music. The seven-member South Korean boy band recently notched up the first No.1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart by a South Korean group with their first all-English language single “Dynamite.”

It’s not just the boys that are driving the K-Pop obsession. Seoul-based girl group Blackpink, who recently released their first Netflix documentary “BLACKPINK: Light Up The Sky” on Oct. 14, are also experiencing a serious surge in streaming. Their latest release “The Album” became the #1 global album on Spotify during the week of launch.

Beside Blackpink, Twice have also established themselves in the region. This is a big month for the nine-member girl group: Oct. 20 marks five years since they hit the scene in 2015, and on Oct. 26 they are releasing their second full-length Korean album “Eyes Wide Open.”

The fourth most streamed act in the Middle East is Stray Kids. The group consists of eight male members, who are currently preparing for their Nov. 22 virtual concert on Beyond Live, the online performance platform. Their most famous hits are “Grow Up,” “Voices” and “Side Effects.”

ATEEZ is one of the most recent K-Pop acts. Formed in October 2018, the eight-member group has already made it to the region’s top five most streamed K-Pop bands. Not just that, but as of September 2020, the group has released five Korean-language EPs, one full-length album and two Japanese albums.Here’s a guide to everything going on (there’s a lot), including who’s about to break, and who’s already on top.

Keeping up with K-Pop is not easy at the best of times, and if you’ve only just tuned in, it can all get a bit overwhelming. So if you’ve found yourself thinking “ooh I quite liked those BTS boys”, and you’re wondering what else is out there, here’s a guide to everything going on (there’s a lot), including who’s about to break, who’s already on top, and some lingo that might be helpful.



Debut: 2018

Fan name: Stays

Stream: 'God’s Menu', 'Easy', 'Miroh'



Who? JYP’s wonder kids who’ve been hitting it big with their ENORMOUS bangers, tongue-twister raps, and storylined mini-album series. Since their debut, Stray Kids have released seven EPs, featuring major tunes ‘Miroh’, ‘Double Knot’ and ‘My Pace’, as well as showing off their deeper side (‘I am You’, ‘Levanter’), all leading up to their debut album this year. ‘GO LIVE’ is their biggest and best project yet, and it’s almost entirely self-produced. They cooked up a storm with ‘God’s Menu’, and if it wasn’t for the ‘rona, they’d be smashing up Wembley Arena now.

Debut: 2019

Fan name: Midzy

Stream: 'WANNABE', 'Not Shy', 'TING TING TING'



Who? The highest-awarded rookie group of all time who exploded onto the scene early last year with bombastic self-love anthem ‘DALLA DALLA’. Their girl power pop bops have kept ITZY firmly on every stan’s radar since they debuted, already snatching some iconic moments with ‘WANNABE’ (look up ‘Ryujin shoulder move’) and subsequent album of club bangers, ‘It’z Me’. Their most recent comeback ‘Not Shy’ sees them hit the wild wild west – they may be small but they are absolutely mighty.

Debut: 2019

Fan name: MOA

Stream: ‘CROWN’, ‘Fairy of Shampoo’, ‘New Rules’



Who? Definitely not BTS’ little brother group (they’re from the same company) but definitely have the potential to go massive. Parked right behind ITZY as grand slam rookies, TXT debuted with the bright and playful (and dare we say, perfect?) ‘CROWN’ last year. They’ve since delved into darker and more dramatic territory with the Harry Potter inspired ‘9 and Three Quarters (Run Away)’ and more recently, coming-of-age tune ‘Can’t You See Me?’. Keep your eye on these, because with a comeback announced for October, seeing where they go from here will definitely be interesting.

Debut: 2018

Fan name: Orbits

Stream: 'Love4eva', 'Girl Front', 'So What'



Who? Members of LOONA were revealed month by month starting way back in 2016, with them releasing their first track (‘favOriTe’) together in 2018. Each girl displayed her own talents in a solo track, but they’re at their strongest together, with a discography spanning bad girl bangers (‘So What’), soft and dreamy slow jams (‘Butterfly’), and giddy crush anthems (‘Hi High’) TO NAME A FEW, there’s little LOONA can’t do. Dig into one of the many theories surrounding the Loonaverse so far, or join us where the story continues with upcoming mini-album ‘[12:00]’.

Debut: 2017

Fan name: The B

Stream: 'Reveal', 'Salty', 'No Air' Who? Riding high off the release of their debut album in February, The Boyz really proved their chops when they competed on Road To Kingdom (think battle of the boybands), eventually taking the crown. After spending a couple of years doing fun and bouncy tunes, they went super sexy and sultry in 2020 with ‘Reveal’ and haven’t looked back. Find them stealing hearts on latest EP ‘CHASE’, their boldest move yet that shows off just how far they’ve come. Insert boyz to men joke.

Who? Unstoppable boy group from humble beginnings (they were the first group to debut from their company!) taking over the world. Bringing perky, cheeky rap verses and high notes to die for, pirates and soldiers have never looked cooler than in ATEEZ’s ‘TREASURE’ series – a set of four EPs and an album that spawned dark and moody club hits like ‘HALA HALA’, and big summer tunes like ‘Wave’. Dive in now as they kick off their ‘ZERO’ series and take us on another journey.

Who? If you’re a fan of big, no-bullshit, blow-your-ears-off bangers, Everglow have quite the discography. They ‘arrived’ early last year, bags of attitude and a smash hit in tow, a girl power wrecking ball that hasn’t stopped swinging yet. Changing up the pace with some retro-futuristic vibes for latest release ‘LA DI DA’, they’re on top of their game. Obvs they’ve got a softer side too (listen to ‘Hush’), but it’s the NANANA refrains of their singles that make the biggest impact.

Who? These dramatic and sexy boy groups are everywhere, but few do it as flawlessly as CIX. They introduced themselves to the world last summer with a glossy, could-be-high-fashion-ad music video and the words “I wanna play with you, you wanna play with me?” (HOT IN HERE INNIT), and who could say no? Two pretty damn good EPs of slinky retro-tinged tunes later and they’re about to put out their third.

Arguably the biggest girl group in Korea, Twice recently celebrated their 100th(!!!) win with latest comeback ‘More & More’, and there’s no wonder – these nine girls have nothing short of an ICONIC catalogue that’s made them one of the biggest selling groups of all time in just five years. Charming, catchy, cheeky, it’s impossible not to fall for Twice. Look up last year’s ‘FANCY’ or earlier hits ‘What is Love’ and ‘Yes or Yes’ to see for yourself.

Where to begin with NCT… This boy group recently expanded to 23 members(!!) who are split into three different units: NCT 127, the ‘main’ unit who have a couple of albums and a world tour in their arsenal, NCT Dream, the members under 20 (this doesn’t apply anymore though, so it’s currently just another group), and WayV, the Chinese-based unit. There’s also a rotational unit, NCT U, who release songs whenever they like with different members each time. All sounds a bit intense right? It kind of is, but the more really is the merrier with NCT. While the NCT 2020 project release is imminent, get acquainted with their 2018 album ‘Empathy’ for a taste of it all so far.

In your areaaaaaaa – they absolutely are. You can’t get away from Blackpink as these four girls dominate the industry globally. Smashing streaming records at every turn, it’s unbelievable that they don’t have a full album out yet. That’ll all change in October, but for now stream teaser single ‘How You Like That’ or 2019’s ‘Kill This Love’ to have your socks knocked off.

Comeback – when an act returns with a new single/album (not like ‘over here’ where comeback means a pop star is redeeming themselves) Concept – the theme and styling of the comeback Debut – an act’s first release, usually comes accompanied with a stage show and is very hyped before it happens Mini album – just an EP, really Rookie idol/group – Idol or group in their first year Trainee – person hired by an entertainment company where they’ll become a fully fledged star ready to debutKUALA LUMPUR: Twenty years ago, if someone had said South Korean music was going to be the next big thing in youth culture, they would have been laughed at.

Fast forward to today and aspects of Korean culture can be found everywhere in Malaysia, over 4,000km away from South Korea.

No shopping mall is complete without a Korean restaurant, with Korean electronics and products being sold and the latest episodes of K-dramas a frequent topic of discussion.

But one of the most prominent examples of South Korean cultural influence is K-pop, the musical style that has won fans in Malaysia and the rest of the world.

And among K-pop groups, the one that stands above the rest is certainly BTS.

BTS, Bangtan Sonyeondan in Korean or Beyond the Scene in English, is a seven-member boyband that first made its name in 2013.

Since then, the band has grown a massive and very loyal fanbase numbering over 22 million, simply called, “ARMY”.

Band leader Kim Nam-joon, who goes by the name RM, was even invited to address the UN General Assembly last year, talking to young people about overcoming their insecurities.

The band has yet to perform live in Malaysia, but it has visited the country on several occasions, raising the hope it may hold a concert here one day when it is safe to do so.

But what is it that brings BTS’ fans together? Is it the handsome, dashing looks of its members? Or the melodious tunes the band produces? How did they become so influential?

A recent publication titled, I am ARMY: It’s Time to Begin, explores the stories of nine fans from around the world and gives an insight into how the band captivated the public imagination.

Among the authors is Malaysian Lily Low, who told FMT how she fell in love with BTS.

Her first exposure to BTS’ music was when she chanced on a mixtape called mono, the product of RM. Despite not understanding Korean, there was something about the music that appealed to her.

“What surprised me about listening to mono was how comforted I felt,” she wrote. “Somehow, the style of music and RM’s unique way of transitioning from rapping into singing (and vice versa) really calmed me down.”

It helped that the personality of the band was genuine. At one point the band members agreed that they wished to be sincere in their words and actions and said that music breaks down barriers.

It was this sincerity that made Low an avid admirer of BTS, adding to the ever-growing ARMY.

Other factors include their creative music videos, intricate choreography and positive messages.

The members of BTS are regularly directly involved in writing the lyrics of the songs, which often offer comfort and escapism to fans.

K-pop’s success on the international stage did not come overnight, it is the result of a long and gradual journey.

And considering the sheer number of K-pop groups that had gone before BTS and followed in its footsteps, what makes the band stand out so much?

On Oct 13, according to Low, BTS became the first South Korean act to occupy the top two spots on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, an unprecedented achievement.

Low says she is not too familiar with the whole K-pop genre, but that she is intrigued by the relationship between BTS and its ARMY.

“BTS has been able to reach people from all over the world, all backgrounds, ages and careers,” she said.

“For its recent online concert, Map of the Soul ON:E, it was revealed that there were viewers from 191 countries!”

It was this love for BTS that brought a posse of fans together to chronicle their tales of how they fell in love with the band.

“I Am ARMY: It’s Time To Begin is a collection of personal essays by nine writers from the US, South Africa, Malaysia, Brunei and Australia,” said Low.

Through these stories, perhaps readers can relate or feel less alone in their circumstances, she said.

“Yet, some of the themes of our stories do overlap, as we unite through our human struggles and a love for something greater than ourselves.

After all, as RM said, ‘Love is the key for the reconciliation and integration of all of society’.”

I Am ARMY: It’s Time to Begin can be purchased online here.Irene, a member of popular K-pop act Red Velvet, admitted to allegations that she verbally attacked a stylist during a recent shoot and apologized over the incident.



"I sincerely apologize for hurting the stylist with my foolish attitude and careless words and action," Irene said in an Instagram post uploaded Thursday evening, with an image of a plain black square.



"There were a lot of people who helped me to get where I am now, and I regret hurting them with immature behavior," she said, adding that she will "think and act more carefully" going forward.



The incident first surfaced when a stylist posted on Instagram that she was "drastically trampled and abused" by a celebrity, mentioning the so-called nut rage incident in 2014 involving a Korean Air heiress.



The stylist, who claimed she has worked in the industry for 15 years, said it was "a hell-like 20 minutes" that left her in tears.



While she did not indicate whom she was referring to, the hashtags "psycho" and "monster" raised views that the person in question was Irene, who had released songs with the same titles.



SM Entertainment, the band's agency, also issued a statement saying that it will strive to prevent similar incidents.



The agency added that Irene met with the stylist on Thursday afternoon and sincerely apologized. (Yonhap)Korean pop music, or K-pop, has taken the world by storm. It is shaking up the financial markets, too.

The initial public offering of Big Hit Entertainment, which manages the popular K-pop boy band BTS, has been massively oversubscribed by both institutional and retail investors. The company, which will start trading this Thursday, is valued at around $4 billion after raising $840 million from the IPO, the largest in the country since 2017, according to Dealogic. A first-day pop is likely since individual investors, which make up most of the market’s volume, will likely chase this well-known name, and professional investors will also have to buy since the stock will probably enter major indexes.

BTS, whose name stands for “bulletproof boy scouts” in Korean, has been one of South Korea’s most successful musical exports. It was the first K-pop name to top a U.S. album chart, with the latest being “Map of the Soul: 7” released in February. The seven-member band has been all over social media, having spent a record 199 weeks at No. 1 on Billboard’s Social 50 chart, a measure of popularity on social networks like Instagram and Twitter . Its “Dynamite” music video has already racked up nearly half a billion views on YouTube since launching in August.

One risk is that Big Hit itself ends up being a one-hit wonder: BTS contributed nearly all of its revenue last year. The company has been trying to diversify—it acquired a stake in rival Pledis Entertainment in May—but BTS still made up 88% of Big Hit’s revenue in the first half this year. As popular as BTS is, investors have to place their faith in the company finding the next money-spinner. Scandals in the K-pop industry sank stars last year. And the company also risks being swept up in geopolitical conflicts. Chinese state tabloid Global Times ran an article Sunday criticizing a remark by BTS about the Korean War.

At the IPO price, Big Hit is valued at 51 times this year’s expected earnings, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. The high notes could still keep coming for a while. But the company needs to find the next act before the music stops.K-pop fans, get ready for star-studded performances. KCON:TACT Season 2 has announced their full lineup, comprising acts like ATEEZ and CLC.

Every year, enthusiasts of Korean culture and K-pop find themselves flocking to the popular KCON, an annual convention and music festival celebrating everything Hallyu, or the Korean Wave. Earlier this year, however, given the ongoing COVID pandemic, KCON announced the cancellation and postponing of multiple on-ground verticals.

While KCON 2020 Japan, KCON 2020 Russia, and KCON 2020 LA were postponed, KCON 2020 NY was cancelled entirely. In an adaptive surprise, however, the team announced that they would take their summer bonanza of performances and events online. Now, KCON:TACT (as the event is titled) will be back for a Season 2, as a 10-day-long event, running from October 16th-25th.

Additionally, after much speculation about who will round out a dreamboat roster of acts, KCON:TACT has released their final lineup. That includes: AB6IX,‌ ‌A.C.E, ATEEZ, CLC, DAY6 (Even of Day), Dreamcatcher, EVERGLOW, Ghost9, Ha Sung Woon,‌ IZ*ONE, J-pop group JO1, ‌KARD,‌ Kim Jae Hwan, Kim Woo Seok, Lee Eun Sang, ‌LOONA,‌ ‌MAMAMOO,‌ Natty, OneUs, ‌ONF, ‌Park Jihoon,‌ ‌Sunmi‌, The Boyz, TOO, VeriVery, WEi, and WOODZ (Cho Seung Youn).

Standouts in the lineup include ATEEZ, who will be back for the virtual event for a second time after headlining the summer season of the event. Eyes will also be on DAY6, who will be appearing as Even of Day, their first unit since their debut five years ago. Most promising, however, is the abundance of the upcoming generation of K-pop, comprising rookies like TOO and VeriVery.

Among the girl-groups are K-pop vocal giants MAMAMOO, who dropped their latest single ‘Wanna Be Myself’ in September. Fans can also look forward to LOONA, who will drop their third mini-album, [12:00] on Monday, October 19th.

The event will be streamed on Mnet K-pop and KCON’s official Youtube channels. Fans can get access to performances and additional content through two membership tiers. While the basic tier ($19.99 USD) offers access to the performances, a Plus membership ($24.99 USD) will offer features like Fan Cam, which will provide fans with multiple streaming feeds of a performance.

Know more about pricing and performances here.After becoming the first K-pop girl group to rank No. 2 on the Billboard main album chart, BLACKPINK has set another record by becoming the first all-female act to sell more than 1 million albums, its agency said Monday.



"The Album," the group's first studio album released earlier this month, has sold 1.2 million units worldwide, including 871,335 copies here and 319,300 in Europe and the United States, according to YG Entertainment.



The previous record is known to be 760,000 album sales set by first-generation girl group S.E.S., which debuted in the 1990s.



"The Album" is the first full-length album BLACKPINK has dropped since its debut in 2016.



After debuting at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, which measures album sales and streaming in the U.S., it has stayed in the top 10 for three consecutive weeks.



The album includes the main track "Lovesick Girls," as well as collaborations with global artists, such as "Ice Cream" featuring Selena Gomez and "Bet You Wanna" featuring Cardi B. (Yonhap)K-pop star Kim Woo-jin, formerly of Stray Kids, says he didn’t take allegations of sexual harassment against him seriously when they first appeared.SM Entertainment dijo que el nombre de la banda procede de unas palabras en inglés, -"avatar, experience and aspect" (avatar, experiencia y aspecto)-, que significa ser capaz de encontrar un "alter ego" a través de un avatar y experimentar un mundo nuevo.The Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA) are back for its 22nd edition to reunite music fans around the world.

Throughout the years, MAMA has been held in Macau, Vietnam, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Seoul. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 crisis, the awards ceremony will take over the virtual space, ‘NEW-TOPIA,' for the very first time.

Happening on 6 December, the red carpet starts at 4 PM (TH/ID Standard Time) or 5 PM (SG/PH/MY Standard Time), and the ceremony will begin two hours later at 6 PM (TH/ID Standard Time) or 7 PM (SG/PH/MY Standard Time).

Hosted by renowned actor, Song Joong Ki, the annual prestigious awards show celebrates the best Asian artists and music in the region. Songs and albums released between October 24, 2019, to October 28, 2020 are eligible for this year's awards.

Fans can vote for their favourite acts via the official MAMA website until 5 December, 23:59 KST.

Last year, BTS swept the awards show by clinching 'Artist of the Year', 'Album of the Year', 'Song of the Year' and 'Worldwide Icon of the Year'. This time, some of the artists leading the nominations include BTS, TWICE, BLACKPINK, EXO, MAMAMOO, and Red Velvet with five nominations each.

BTS have also been announced as the first performers for this year's edition, where the group is expected to perform 'Life Goes On,' the title track from their November comeback album, BE. More performers will be unveiled soon.

BTS, GOT7, MONSTA X, TWICE, and more to perform at the Mnet Asian Music Awards 2020

From TREASURE to SEVENTEEN, HYUKOH to NCT (and its sub-unit, NCT 127), here is the full list of nominees for the 2020 Mnet Asian Music Awards:





BEST DANCE PERFORMANCE MALE GROUP



ATEEZ - INCEPTION

EXO - Obsession

NCT 127 - Kick It

TOMORROW X TOGETHER - Can't You See Me? 

BTS - Dynamite 

SEVENTEEN - Left & Right 



BEST DANCE PERFORMANCE FEMALE GROUP



BLACKPINK - How You Like That 

ITZY - WANNABE 

TWICE - MORE & MORE

Red Velvet - Psycho 

OH MY GIRL - Nonstop

DAY6 – 'Zombie'

M.C the MAX – 'BLOOM'

N.Flying – 'Oh really.'

LEENALCHI – 'Tiger is Coming'

HYUKOH – 'Help'

Gaho – 'Start' ('Itaewon Class')

Baek Yerin – 'Here I Am Again' ('Crash Landing On You')

Sandeul – 'Slightly Tipsy' ('She is My Type')

Joy – 'Introduce me a good person' ('Hospital Playlist')

Jo Jung Suk – 'Aloha' ('Hospital Playlist')

Park Jin Young – 'When We Disco' (Duet with Sunmi)

BOL4 – 'Leo' (Feat. Baekhyun)

Sung Si Kyung & IU – 'First Winter'

IU – 'eight' (Prod. & Feat. Suga)

Zico – 'Summer Hate' (Feat. Rain)





ATEEZ – “INCEPTION”

Baekhyun – “Candy”

Baek Yerin – “Here I Am Again” (“Crash Landing On You”)

Baek Yerin – “Square (2017)”

BLACKPINK – “How You Like That”

BOL4 – “Leo” (Feat. Baekhyun)

BTS – “Dynamite”

CHANGMO – “METEOR”

Davichi – “Dear.”

DAY6 – “Zombie”

EXO – “Obsession”

Gaho – “Start” (“Itaewon Class”)

Giriboy – “Eul” (Feat. BIG Naughty)

Hwasa – “Maria”

HYUKOH – “Help”

ITZY – “WANNABE”

IU – “Blueming”

IU – “eight” (Prod. & Feat. Suga)

IZ*ONE – “Secret Story of the Swan”

Jessi – “NUNU NANA”

Jo Jung Suk – “Aloha” (“Hospital Playlist”)

Joy – “Introduce me a good person” (“Hospital Playlist”)

Jung Seung Hwan – “My Christmas wish”

Kang Daniel – “Who U Are”

Lee Hi – “Holo”

LEENALCHI – “Tiger is Coming”

M.C the MAX – “BLOOM”

MAMAMOO – “HIP”

N.Flying – “Oh really.”

NCT 127 – “Kick It”

Noel – “Late Night”

NU’EST – “I’m in Trouble”

Oh My Girl – “Nonstop”

Park Jin Young – “When We Disco” (Duet with Sunmi)

Red Velvet – “Psycho”

Sandeul – “Slightly Tipsy” (“She is My Type”)

SEVENTEEN – “Left & Right”

Sung Si Kyung & IU – “First Winter”

Sunmi – “pporappippam”

Taemin – “Criminal”

Taeyeon – “Spark”

TWICE – “MORE & MORE”

TXT – “Can’t You See Me?”

WINNER – “Hold”

YUMDDA – “Amanda” (Feat. Simon Dominic)

Zico – “Any song”

Zico – “Summer Hate” (Feat. Rain)





ATEEZ

Baek Yerin

BLACKPINK

BTS

CHANGMO

Chungha

cignature

CRAVITY

Davichi

DAY6

EXO

Giriboy

GOT7

HYUKOH

ITZY

IU

IZ*ONE

Jessi

Jung Seung Hwan

Kang Daniel

Lee Hi – “Holo”

LEENALCHI

MAMAMOO

MCND

M.C the MAX

MONSTA X

Natty

NCT

N.Flying

Noel

NU’EST

Oh My Girl

Park Jin Young

Red Velvet

SECRET NUMBER

SEVENTEEN

Sunmi

Taemin

Taeyeon

TOO

TREASURE

TWICE

TXT

Weeekly

WEi

WINNER

woo!ah!

YUMDDA

ZicoSEOUL
• The K-pop scene is going to get more crowded with the addition of a new girl group.

South Korea's SM Entertainment, which is behind popular girl groups Girls' Generation and Red Velvet, announced yesterday it is launching a new girl group next month.

The K-pop powerhouse whetted fans' appetite early yesterday when it posted a teaser video and a black photo with the white logo "aespa" on its social media accounts.

A few hours later, SM wrote on social media that it is the name of a new girl group, with their name "aespa" a combination of the words "avatar", "experience" and "aspect".

The entertainment group said the girl group hope to experience a new world by meeting another "avatar" of themselves.

The word "aspect" also hints that there are many sides to the girl group.

SM will release more information on the girl group.

An official Instagram of the new girl group has also been set up, although it has only a picture of the "aespa" logo so far.

Aespa will be SM's first band since it launched the boy group NCT in 2016, and its first girl group since the launch of Red Velvet in 2014.Fans of Red Velvet have demanded that Irene quit the group after she bullied a stylist during a recent filming session. Photo: SM EntertainmentNo, you didn’t just hallucinate. In this exclusive clip from season three of Netflix’s Kipo and the Age of Wonderbeasts, we get a performance from the latest crew of animals to join Las Vistas. They’re K-Pop singers, they’re bonafide superstars, and also? They’re narwhals.



We’ve got the first look at one of the best additions to Dreamworks’ Kipo and the Age of Wonderbeasts for the third and final season—a quartet of beautiful narwhals that sing K-Pop songs. It’s like the internet of things joined forces with TikTok to produce what might be the greatest music video of all time. As you can see in the clip, the group is serenading an audience of Mutes with their hit song, “Ocean of Love.” Be warned: The song will get stuck in your head for hours. I’m still under its spell.

However, things take a turn after the lead singer is hit with a tranquilizer dart by an unknown enemy. I mean, we can all guess who it probably is: Dr. Emilia, who’s teamed up with some of the remaining humans to bring down Kipo and her friends once and for all. Can they be saved by the power of music? I mean, it wouldn’t be the first time on this show.

Kipo and the Age of Wonderbeasts returns with its third and final season on October 12. Before then, be sure to check out the show’s New York Comic Con panel, hosted by yours truly, on Sunday October 11 at 2.15PM EST!

For more, make sure you’re following us on our Instagram @io9dotcom.There are sightings of a brand new girl group this Halloween.

Presenting their debut single ‘BREAKOUT’, PRISMA are making their entrance into the K-pop scene this year with an unparalleled dynamic. Identifying as a multicultural girl group, the five-member outfit boasts members from all over the world – including South Korea, Italy, Spain, and the US.

Made up of leader Gyeongmin, visual and lead vocal Nia, main vocal Miriam, rapper Sally, and main dancer Eunbyeol, PRISMA are the first girl-group of Swiss-South Korean label, UnionWave Entertainment. Their revolutionary debut set for 31 October features a “girl-crush element with a touch of elegance”, put together as the ultimate introduction the world needs to get to know PRISMA.

In time for the group's debut, Bandwagon got to catch up with the members of PRISMA gearing up for the big day. Here’s what they shared with us, from their training days, single concept, to their growing global fanbase:

Congratulations on your debut as PRISMA! What are you hoping to achieve in your first year as K-pop artists?

Sally: I just hope people enjoy the first single enough to continue listening to the music we put out in the future :)

Nia: In our first year I hope to get more people to know K-pop well, to be recognized as a good K-pop group.

How were your past few months as trainees before PRISMA finally debuted? What are the most important things you’ve learnt and the challenges you’ve faced along the way?

Miriam: The previous months weren’t easy, we ran through various problems with changing members but in the end everything went great! I learnt how to care about myself, how to work in a team and [how to trust people by my side] since it is hard for me to trust in someone.

Gyeongmin: Joining this company was a new challenge for me because I wasn’t prepared to be an idol. So whenever I took lessons, I kept track of all the instructors’ advice and practised all day to improve my skills.

How do you feel about being a multicultural K-pop group?

Eunbyeol: As a global group, there are many things to be careful about and to care about, but we are proud of ourselves as a special and unique K-pop group.

Sally: Because of our different backgrounds, I feel like I get to learn a lot from the girls every single day. Especially when it comes to communicating, since we grew up in such different surroundings, it’s easy to misunderstand someone else because we’re both not used to the way the other person is interpreting the situation. However, because everyone always has good intentions, we always communicate it through!

Nia: I feel scared because I don’t know how people can react, but I’m excited because it’s an incredible experience and I have great faith that everything will turn out well.

Miriam: We can say it is special, we can share a lot of good things with each other, we never stop learning something new.

Gyeongmin: I’m grateful that I was able to meet our members and debut together.

What makes you most happy about performing?

Sally: It’s just fun in general, but if the audience enjoys it, then it makes performing that much more satisfying.

Miriam: Already performing is a heartwarming thing, so if you’re able to make your debut as an artist, it is even better since you get to share your own music and your feelings. It’s a way to express yourself to your fans, like you are offering your hand to them and they just have to accept it.

How do you feel about the concept of your first single? What other concepts would you like to try?

Sally: I liked it a lot! I think it was definitely a good choice for the first single in terms of defining who we are as a group. As for the future, I’d like to try… maybe something a bit more intense? Maybe a bit more hip-hop influenced if possible!

Nia: I am very happy with our concept as it is very in my style and I love it. The truth is that I like “girl crush”, but I won’t rule out trying a more daring concept or a totally different concept from the one we have now.

Will PRISMA consider releasing new songs in other languages in the future?

Eunbyeol: We would like to release a new song in another language to let our fans around the world know our songs.

Sally: Never say never, haha.

Nia: The truth is that I don’t know, but I think it’s an interesting idea and I think it would be pretty good to sing songs in other languages ​​to try to reach more people.

Miriam: Why not? There is the possibility!

Gyeongmin: I don’t know yet, but I want to try it if I have a chance.

What would you like to say to fans, especially the ones who have been supporting you pre-debut?

Eunbyeol: I would like to say, thank you for waiting for us.

Sally: Thank you so, so much from the bottom of my heart! We promise to keep working hard so that we can produce a lot of good things and hopefully meet you guys in the future! In the meantime, stay safe and healthy! Lots of love!

Nia: Just thank you to all the fans who are following us, both new fans and those who have followed us from the beginning, you are all equally important to me and I thank you for the happiness you give me every day with your messages of support. I hope you support us in the future, PRISMA will try hard to make you feel proud of us.

Miriam: Thank you with all myself for staying with us since the beginning, believing in us even if we haven’t really shown our music. And if you are new: Welcome to PRISMA family! We love each other here! Thank you to everyone, every time I see a text, picture, video or follow from you, it’s encouraging and makes me work harder even more! I hope the situation with corona will end soon and have the possibility to meet you all!

Gyeongmin: We are about to debut soon, so please wait a little longer until the album comes out! I will do my best not to disappoint the fans! Please continue to love and support us! Thank you!

This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.As promised, K/DA — the virtual K-pop group that’s part of the ever-expanding League of Legends universe — has its very first album on the way. Today, developer Riot revealed that the band’s first EP, titled All Out, will be out on November 6th. K/DA released its first single following a two-year hiatus back in August.

If you’re wondering what any of that actually means, here’s a quick explainer: in 2018, the annual League of Legends World Championship opened with a stunning AR concert, which featured a K-pop group made up of both in-game characters and real-world pop stars. It was an intriguing mix that turned into a big hit, and now Riot is bringing the band back in a big way. In addition to the EP, there’s also an ongoing comic series and a TikTok-style dance competition. The band also got a new member through an elaborate reveal involving a virtual influencer.

Also of note: the 2020 edition of the World Championship is currently underway in Shanghai, with the finals slated for October 31st at the newly opened Pudong Football Stadium. The event is known for its striking opening ceremonies, which typically revolve around music; the 2018 K-pop event was followed by a holographic hip-hop concert last year. Given all of the recent announcements, it seems likely K/DA will be involved in this year’s event in some way — just in time to promote the album.BTS fans, collectively known as ARMY, are fuming after two Filipino rappers allegedly plagiarized one of the Kpop boyband’s rap songs.

The fans’ objects of scorn are Flow G and Skusta Clee, members of Ex-Battalion, the group responsible for the viral earworm “Hayaan Mo Sila” (“Let Them Be”). According to the ARMY, the two rappers’ song “DEYM,” which was used to promote a Filipino clothing brand last month, is a carbon copy of the 2018 BTS song “Ddaeng.”

Read: Will Duterte’s ‘special assistant’ run for office? This new jingle shows he might

Check out the two songs below and listen for yourself to see if they’re similar.

BTS fans have been tweeting online to urge other ARMYs to report the Pinoy rappers’ song to the boyband’s management company, Big Hit Entertainment.

Someone using the handle @stigmandi wrote, “hi armys!! please help us to report the song ‘deym’ by flow g ft. skusta clee because they plagiarized BTS’ Ddaeng. pls report the youtube vid and email bighit. thankyou!”

Another fan named @deslubernalte was far less chirpy, tweeting, “please fire Skusta clee & flow G from their career, for dis-respecting BTS, please let them go to Jail.”

BTS fan @beemyhope_ chimed in and wrote, “the audacity of these filipino men who keep dragging down kpop artists specially bts and keep saying ‘sUpPoRt LocAlS’ when they straightly plagiarised DDAENG by bts’ rapline. yes i’m talking to you SKUSTA CLEE, FLOW G and your entire PRODUCTION TEAM.”

This is not the first time that Ex-Battalion members were accused of plagiarism. In 2018, they allegedly copied Diamond Style’s “One Kiss” for “Hayaan Mo Sila,” but the group insisted that they paid for the beat.

This article, Unforgivable: BTS fans accuse Pinoy rappers of plagiarizing Kpop idols’ song, originally appeared on Coconuts, Asia's leading alternative media company.FITNESS CLASSES, cooking courses and the world of work quickly adapted to the online format. Now travel is following suit. Those of us still reticent to hop on an airplane can find a growing array of diverting, sophisticated ways to see the world virtually—care of Airbnb, Atlas Obscura and independent and local outfitters. Some are geared toward children but others adopt a decidedly adult point of view, focusing on, say, birding or the art of taxidermy. These online tours and excursions can infuse some variety into gloomy Zoom-y days. What’s more, the experience can be transporting, spiritually refreshing, easy on the wallet, and surprisingly social: Small communities pop up around the courses and friends are made. Care to learn how to dance like a Korean pop sensation? Follow in the footsteps of a Czech plague doctor? Almost all is possible.

Airbnb Experiences, a four-year-old service on Airbnb that links travelers with everything from concerts to city tours, has now become a portal through which many small and local operators are offering their virtual services. Trips include a one-hour virtual excursion to a farm in Scotland to meet, greet and meditate with the resident sheep (and a yoga instructor). Alternatively, you might opt to take a K-Pop dance class in South Korea or walk in the footsteps of an 18th-century medic in Prague. Local hosts use a mix of prerecorded video (often movie-quality), live narration and chat to make the experience fresh. From $1—$75 a person, airbnb.com

Duncan Murdoch, a certified forest bathing expert, takes viewers on guided walks through wooded landscapes all over Vermont. Online courses teach people how to take their own therapeutic stroll closer to home and for those who need specific encouragement, Mr. Murdoch will video chat and text you during your walk in real time. natureconnectionguide.com/forest-therapy-programs

The online offerings from Atlas Obscura—the educational and literary outfit that focuses on offbeat sites, tours and events—are suitably quirky. You can enroll in a four-part live interaction course all about foraging and ancient fall rituals like the Celtic festival Samhain. And for lovers of all things creepy and Halloween, the site also offers taxidermy classes with Allis Markham, an improbably glamorous taxidermist based in Los Angeles. From $60 per device, atlasobscura.com

The Wall Street Journal is not compensated by retailers listed in its articles as outlets for products. Listed retailers frequently are not the sole retail outlets.If you're a fan of BTS and BLACKPINK, enjoy K-Pop music, dancing, or Korean culture, you don't want to miss out on this special live stream event! Join us for the 4th Annual K-Pop Festival of St. Louis to see which K-Pop dance covers will win! Follow the URL link to our Facebook Event Page @kaastl for updates and subscribe to our YouTube Channel @KAASTL to be the first to see exclusive videos. Start planning your watch parties and we'll see you then! If you're interested in competing, email mindypark@kaastl.org.A world tour. Sold out stadiums. The momentum of K-Pop sweeping the globe. That’s how the new year started for SEVENTEEN. Like many, the group had high expectations for the months ahead. And overnight, when the world just about stopped due to the coronavirus pandemic, SEVENTEEN kept going.

The self-producing South Korean pop group debuted in 2015. It wasn't before long that the band became very familiar with topping the charts — from their first EP, Boys Be, charting at #1 on the Billboard World Albums chart, to their latest album, ; [Semicolon], which has sold nearly one million hard copies since its October 19 release. Five years and seven million Instagram followers later, SEVENTEEN has the power of K-Pop fans around the world behind them. And when coronavirus canceled the last leg of the group's world tour, Ode to You, they saw an opportunity.

If you’re wondering how a 13-member band stays occupied in lockdown, it doesn’t include virtual prom or tie-dye kits. (Though, yes, vocalist Joshua tells us he's picked up making beaded bracelets as a hobby in isolation). Instead, after their February and March shows were canceled, SEVENTEEN released Heng:garæ, a record-shattering EP that came out in June. After that, the boys decided to do it all over again just five months later, with ; [Semicolon].



Following the wild success of Heng:garæ, SEVENTEEN had only one thing on their mind. Their goal? Another album. Their motivation? Carats. And no, not the unit of mass used for measuring diamonds, but what SEVENTEEN calls their fandom, thank you very much. 



The inability to perform for their fans in real life was not going to stop SEVENTEEN from creating music. In fact, it inspired them to make even more of it. "SEVENTEEN's music exists because Carats exist," said Woozi, the leader of the vocalist team. As the reality of a coronavirus world set in, the band said they learned to appreciate what they once took for granted. "Especially the sound of our fans cheering when we are performing on stage,” explained Seungkwan, another member of the vocalist unit. “We wanted to deliver hope and encouragement to our fans, who have always supported us at this very point in time,” he added. Should you get restless waiting to see the group in concert again, Wonwoo, a rapper in the group, recommends this playlist of SEVENTEEN's five songs he could listen to forever: “Don’t Wanna Cry,” “HOME;RUN,” “Run to You,” “All My Love,”and “Hug.”

Since this year has felt unlike any before, the group saw ; [Semicolon] as the perfect chance to also change things around. Regardless of their name, the band is actually made up of 13 members. SEVENTEEN comes from the sum of 13 members, the three sub-groups they break into while creating music, plus the one team they form when they come together. Since making their debut, they've had the hip-hop unit with S. Coups, Wonwoo, Mingyu, and Vernon, the vocal unit with Woozi, Jeonghan, Joshua, DK, and Seungkwan, and the performance unit with Hoshi, Jun, The8, and Dino. For ; [Semicolon], the group went in a different direction. “We formed four different unit groups separated by age, in order to show SEVENTEEN’s limitless charms and versatility,” explained vocalist Jeonghan. “We wanted to express the unique colors and charms of all thirteen members, and at the same time, prove that we can perform in unison as a team,” he said.



Creating new sub-groups didn't come from a place of pandemic boredom, or even the need to simply prove this talented group can make music however they please. (Because yes, they absolutely can). While they said ; [Semicolon] is about taking a break and celebrating life, the different combination of sub-groups is a reminder that where you are right now is not where you will always be. "Through this album, we focused on the message of comfort to those who try their best to overcome their limits," explained S. Coups, the group leader.

Equally as impressive as how they write, sing, and dance, is SEVENTEEN's ability to work well as a team — something that anyone who has ever worked on a group project can admire. "I think it’s very important that we acknowledge our differences and remind ourselves that our thoughts are not 'wrong' but 'different,'" said Jeonghan. The group says that honest dialogue on how they're feeling about the music is what helps them make the bops you can't ever get out of your head, a-la "Left & Right", your favorite TikTok challenge song.

"We simply do our best to get closer to what we think is right," explains hip hop unit member Mingyu. Beyond that, Hoshi, a member of the performance unit, stresses the importance of respecting what his fellow band members have to say. "Through the process of sharing our thoughts, it’s important to understand and respect each other. It’s a natural process for us to share our opinions and actively engage in conversations when discussing music," he said. 



There's the talent, the fans, and the teamwork — but it's their diverse backgrounds that make SEVENTEEN's music even stronger. "We are a multi-member group of 13 individuals, which means that we are quite diverse and inclusive. In this sense, our music can reflect diverse ideas and thoughts of many people with different backgrounds," explains Mingyu. Wherever you go to school, whatever your current situation may be, the group believes that music is a universal thread that brings everyone together. "I’m always amazed by the power of music in that it influences audiences around the world regardless of where you live or what language you speak. It makes me very happy that we can communicate with a lot of people through music," said Mingyu.

The band's message especially rings true at a time where we're all trying to find ways to connect, even while physically far apart. And if there's one thing that's certain even in the most uncertain of times, it's that SEVENTEEN will not stop giving their fans something to come together for.Calls are mounting within South Korea for members of megaband BTS to be granted alternatives or delays to mandatory military service, with some lawmakers and fans arguing they are doing plenty for their country without wearing a soldier’s uniform.

By law, all able-bodied men in South Korea aged between 18 and 28 must serve in the military for roughly two years as part of the country’s defences against North Korea.

The eldest member of the band, Jin, is 27 and will be required to sign up by the end of next year while the other six will reach the age of conscription over the next few years.

South Korea has granted exemptions for high-profile athletes such as Tottenham Hotspur forward Son Heung-min as well as classical musicians such as award-winning pianist Seong-Jin Cho, but to date there have been none for K-pop stars.

“Not everyone has to take up a rifle to serve the country,” Noh Woong-rae, a senior member of the ruling Democratic Party, told a party meeting on Monday in comments that received widespread media coverage.

Noh suggested BTS members could work as ambassadors in their overseas travels to promote a group of islets at the centre of a territorial dispute with Japan.

His comments follow a proposal by fellow party member Jeon Yong-gi last month to revise the law so that some K-pop stars could delay their service until the age of 30.

“For the sake of the fairness we are not talking about exempting them from their duty, but pop musicians and artists like BTS – their careers can blossom in their twenties,” Jeon, who has the backing of a dozen lawmakers, told Reuters.

“We cannot let military duty block their way at the height of their careers,” he said.

The public also appears to support special treatment for the band which has just become the first South Korean group to reach No.1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and has a massive global fan base.

Respondents to a Sept. 21 survey by domestic news website Kuki News showed 31.3% believed the band should not have to do their military service, while another 28.6% supported a postponement. Those supporting normal military service were around 30.5%.

Their label, Big Hit Entertainment, declined to comment on the matter, while individual members have previously said they are willing to complete their service.

“Military service is the natural duty and when duty calls, I will respond any time,” Jin told a news conference in February.

Big Hit, which plans to list on Oct. 15, has said in its IPO prospectus that military service is a key risk for investors.

That has not stopped investors jumping on the offering, however, with orders from retail investors totalling some 58.4 trillion won ($50.3 billion), some 607 times the value of shares on offer, lead arranger NH Investment & Securities said on Tuesday.Before pursuing music, Wang was raised by a family of professional athletes in Hong Kong, and had his own Olympic-level fencing career with Hong Kong’s junior fencing team before moving to South Korea in 2011 to spend the next few years training for his debut with Got7. He appeared in several Korean variety shows throughout his early career before moving to Chinese television as a game show host.

In 2017, Wang’s label in China announced the the hip hop artist’s venture into a solo career. From there, he released a series of singles in collaboration with other artists and brands, including the song “Fendiman” that established him as the face of Fendi China. He also created a capsule collection with the Italian luxury house, proving his sartorial chops. His notoriety in the U.S. grew in 2018 when he released a single featuring Gucci Mane, and by 2019, Wang released his first solo album Mirrors.In the middle of our Zoom interview with KARD, J. Seph is describing his personal style, pulling out two silver necklaces from underneath his shirt. You can see the moment when the joke potential clicks in his fellow members’ eyes.

“2 Chainz!” Jiwoo and BM yell in unison, referencing the American rapper, and the whole room erupts in uncontrollable laughter.

The mood is lighthearted, if chaotic, which is typical for KARD, a co-ed K-pop group that has transformed their eclectic individual personalities into a unit that feels delightfully off-the-cuff. When BM (short for Big Matthew) takes a stab at describing what makes KARD, KARD, it feels, well, extremely KARD. “Just being KARD is a huge positive thing that we have, because I don’t know if a lot of groups got that, so go KARD!”

The four members of KARD — BM, J. Seph, Somin, and Jiwoo — are infectiously energetic. Even via Zoom, it’s impossible not to feel the warmth from their smiles all the way from Seoul during our interview (for this chat, BM spoke in English while J. Seph, Somin, and Jiwoo spoke in Korean with a translator). The foursome stand out in the K-pop industry because co-ed groups are rare, but the real secret to KARD’s success are their unique sounds, open-minded views, and colorful personalities that shine through their self-produced and written work. Beyond the surface, there’s a depth to the group that resonates with listeners internationally.

“We have everything you could want in a co-ed group — maybe in a group in general,” BM, who is Korean-American and was born in Los Angeles, tells Teen Vogue. “Although we’re only four members, I feel like music-wise, all of our voices are very very distinct. J. Seph has the hard and raw, high-tone rap, I have the low-tone rap, Jiwoo’s got the husky, and Somin’s got the more, I want to say, like fresh and kinda the sweet type.”

KARD debuted in 2017 under DSP Media with “Hola Hola,” a tropical house-infused song that introduced the high energy that would become vital to their ethos. Since then, their releases have felt fresh and futuristic. From their social media presences to their artistic risk-taking, they feel extremely human.

That realness, that freedom, manifests in the members’ individual activities, too, where they’re encouraged to follow their passions in addition to being idols. J. Seph, the 28-year-old eldest member, is a skilled lyricist who writes his own raps and produces. Jiwoo, the maknae (youngest member) at 23, competed on Good Girl, a Korean survival show for female hip-hop and R&B artists. At 24, Somin has her own YouTube channel, where she showcases everything from glittery festival makeup to behind the scenes KARD vlogs. BM has a podcast that gives him an outlet to talk about his real life, a casual clothing brand called Staydium, and the Big Tiddie Committee — a viral movement born from BM’s love of exercise that he used to raise money for Breast Cancer research.

The Big Tiddie Committee — a clear indication of BM’s good humor as well as his commitment to helping others — is made up of male idols who work out a lot, so naturally, as the leader, BM must live up to the name. “I’m in the gym. I stay in the gym, [then] I’m back in the studio,” he offers enthusiastically. "[Now] I’m just slowly trying to transition back to work mode… back into staying healthy and trying to get back into my creative world.”K-pop ensemble CLC’s music video for “Helicopter” opens high in the sky, with a cluster of gloomy, billowing clouds. A legend — “We won’t be lonely at the top” — appears against the shifting masses. In art, clouds can represent the changing conditions of a person’s emotional weather. They constantly shift and adapt to the surroundings in which they are present. Clouds are untouchable, ethereal bodies, yet have the force to create condensation, or even electricity.

As the video shifts to individual shots of CLC’s members — Seungyeon, Seunghee, Yujin, Sorn, Yeeun, Elkie, and Eunbin — those first few opening seconds usher in yet another transition point for the group: their autobiographical era.

“This song basically tells the story of CLC and what we have been through for the past six years as a girl group,” Sorn tells Teen Vogue over email. “I would say that our team has had our ups and downs and we’ve been through some things compared to other girl groups who debuted in the same year as us.”

“But even though we have gone through things, we will never give up and we will be patient because I personally believe that everything takes time. For something to happen, it doesn’t only require talent, but also the right timing and the right moves.”

With “Helicopter,” CLC puts the self-empowering messages from “Black Dress” and “No” on a temporary hold, opting instead to celebrate their sisterhood and the way they rely on each other and their fans on their quest to reach the top. Though not necessarily a group reinvention, like the one they experienced with “Hobgoblin” when they graduated from the peppy concepts with skater dresses and big bows, their latest release shows their progression as both artists and individuals.

The video’s opening statement later makes it onto the lyrics of the English version of the song, rapped by youngest member Eubin, who says she feels proud of her performance. “‘Helicopter’ perfectly captures the message we want to deliver,” she says. “We have [our fans] Cheshire and we have CLC, so we are always strong and never lonely. It's because I know we will be together forever. I will slowly go up to the top as I look at the scenery around.”

But “Helicopter” is no slow drizzle, it’s lightning. Electrifying and inspiring, the cinematic EDM-pop track with trap leanings marks the group’s mighty return after over a year since their last comeback. It builds on the foundation set since releasing “Hobgoblin,” which placed the focus on the combination of a strong choreography and an empowering message, delivered in a confident and fierce manner — or as it is known in K-pop, “girl crush.” CLC are now almost synonymous with that tag, but when they first adopted this concept in 2017 — equipped with black lipstick and cold weapons— it was atypical for girl groups, who generally focused on overall brighter thematics (think Red Velvet’s “Red Flavor” and TWICE’s “Likey”). Now, more and more powerful performance-based girl groups emerge each day and we’re seeing a decrease in cuter concepts, which were the norm until a few years ago.Test Yourself is where you can improve your reading skills. Whether it’s for tests like University Entrance Exams or IELTS and TOEFL, or even just for fun, these stories help you to read, understand and improve your English.

You can download a PDF of this story to be used in class or at home. Click the link below. 

Read the following story by Tatat Bunnag from the Bangkok Post. Then, answer the questions that follow.





South Korean pop sensation Blackpink star in a new documentary, Blackpink: Light Up The Sky, streaming now on Netflix





REALISE YOUR DREAMS

Light Up The Sky reveals the inside story of each Blackpink member -- Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé and Lisa -- and follows the girls on their journey from their early days in training at YG Entertainment to becoming world famous, including their performance at Coachella 2019. Along the way, the documentary features exclusive interviews and never-before-seen footage from their trainee years. 



Released in 190 countries, the film is the latest Netflix original music documentary to feature female acts following Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Taylor Swift.



"The film has a simple story -- it's about young people realising their dreams through hard work and some heartache. I think that a story in which people are totally devoted and push through hard times is always inspiring," said director Caroline Suh.





Based in New York, Suh has over 20 years of experience directing and producing documentaries on a wide range of topics, cultures and subjects. However, despite her long career, this was the first time she directed a music documentary. Prior to filming and starting the project, she had little to no knowledge about Blackpink and the K-pop industry.





"Well, I'm Korean American, so I tend to be supportive of all things Korean [laughs]. I knew who Blackpink were but I knew very little about them or K-pop in general. My one link to this industry was my nephew who at that time was a high school student and he knew everything there is to know about K-pop. So he gave me a great lesson in K-pop history and from there I dove in and did a lot of research," she said.







IN YOUR AREA

Suh and her crew took a couple of trips to Korea to meet the group. She flew once in the autumn of 2019 and again just as coronavirus was starting to take hold in early 2020. During her time there, Suh had the opportunity to spend some time with and film each member of Blackpink. 



In the process, she also got to see some of their promotional work at appearances, gigs, as well as the opportunity to film them in their studio. In the documentary, viewers get to see the group's recording process of their new album and see how the girls work with YG Entertainment's top producer Teddy Park, the mastermind behind most of Blackpink's biggest hits.



"Teddy is incredibly well-spoken and all the girls talk about him fondly. After some time, I could understand why since he really is a great friend to them," she said.



Meanwhile, the interview sessions show each of Blackpink's four members -- Jisoo, the smart and calm big sister of the group; Jennie, known as the K-pop princess whose fierce onstage persona contrasts with her shy nature; Rosé, the New Zealand-born member; and Lisa, the group's only Thai member.



The documentary depicts the group's successful completion of the In Your Area World Tour, which took place between 2019 and early 2020 in North America, Europe, Oceania and Asia and features 32 shows in 23 cities. Highlights of the film are their concert in Thailand and their historic Coachella 2019 performance where the group became the first-ever K-pop group to take the stage.





Section 1: Write the correct answer in the space provided.

1. Which company did Blackpink train with? …………….

2. Who directed the film? …………….

3. Suh knew a lot about K-pop before she started the film. True or false? …………….

4. What nationality is Suh? …………….

5. How many times did Suh visit Korea? …………..

6. Which member’s personality is different onstage? …………….

7. Lisa is the only member born outside Korea. True or false? ……………. 

8. What was the group’s 2019 tour called? …………….



Section 2: Write the noun form of the following words in the space provided.

9. devoted ……… 10. directed ……… 11. supportive ………. 12. successful ………. 13. historic ………. 

 

Section 3: Read the following passage. Then, fill in the blanks with the correct words from the choices given.

"Thailand was where they …14… their world tour and also where they ended it. Jennie says that Thailand makes her very …15… . I think that is because they're …16… to Lisa and her family and they feel Thailand is very special to them. We also wanted to show how incredible it was for Lisa to go back and have all of …17… fans welcoming her. It was …18… of overwhelming. So, I hope Thai fans …19… this film."



14. A. start __B. began __C. begin

15. A. emotions __B. emotion __C. emotional

16. A. close __B. closed __C. closest

17. A. this __B. these __C. them

18. A. kind __B. most __C. more 

19. A. enjoys __B. enjoy __C. enjoyed



Section 4: Find words that match the following definitions.

20. a film which shows real events or people ……………

21. making you feel strongly interested and enthusiastic ……………

22. the person who creates and controls a project ……………

23. having a lot of energy and strong feeling …………

24. an area including many Pacific islands and Australasia ……………











Answers: 1. YG Entertainment. 2. Caroline Suh. 3. false. 4. Korean American. 5. two. 6. Jennie. 7. false. 8. In Your Area. 9. devotion. 10. director/direction. 11. support/supporter. 12. success. 13. history. 

14. b. 15. c. 16. a. 17. b. 18. a. 19. b.

20. documentary. 21. inspiring. 22. mastermind. 23. fierce. 24. Oceania.

SCORE 21-24: Excellent! 17-20: Good. 13-16: Fair. 12 or fewer: You'll do better next time!K-pop boy band NCT U have come under fire for use of a mosque as a backdrop in a recent performance. Photo: SM EntertainmentHere are the top 5 most streamed K-Pop acts in the UAE

Spotify reveals the artists from South Korea who have taken over the streaming platformKorean pop music is growing ever more popular across the Middle East, with Morocco being no exception.

Rabat – At first glance, South Korea’s K-Pop music scene and Morocco have little in common, but the genre is becoming a growing sensation in the Maghreb and the Middle East. K-pop is a style of pop music that blends hip hop, electronic dance music, and traditional pop music into a colorful blend of sights and sounds.

K-pop is spreading around the world, its performers have transformed from national stars to international mega-celebrities on par with top artists from the US and the UK. K-pop group Blackpink performed at the renowned Coachella festival in 2019 and the genre’s clout is only growing.

Conservative Middle Eastern countries such as Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates have seen a boom in K-pop’s popularity. In the Maghreb, Algeria and Morocco are the top countries where K-pop is on the rise.

Within the Middle East, the UAE is currently the most obsessed with Korean pop music. Two large concerts had been booked for 2020 in Dubai, but the COVID-19 pandemic led to their cancellation to the despair of Emirati fans. The concerts intended to outdo a 2019 show in Saudi Arabia, where popular K-pop group BTS drew 60,000 Saudi fans to Riyadh.

According to data from Spotify, Morocco is the fourth most K-pop-obsessed country in the Middle East. The love seems mutual, as K-pop boy band BIG in January released the K-pop song “la bezzaf” that featured words in Darija. K-pop group Ateez also filmed the music video for their song “treasure” in Morocco.

K-pop is a catch-all name for the Korean pop music worth $4.5 billion worldwide. The K-pop industry consists of large corporations who fund the composition and training of groups of either all men or all women. The groups undergo months of rigorous training before they are provided with pre-written music and choreography by their company.

The life of a K-pop star is not as glamorous as that of many traditional music artists. K-pop groups face grueling schedules and tough competition within the Korean music scene. K-pop stars are called “idols” and are expected to behave within tight constraints. They are asked to always present an image of perfection and are often not allowed to date in their personal life.

K-pop music videos are a sight to behold. Tightly choreographed hip hop dancing is combined with bright colors and skimpy outfits to produce a cacophony of sight and sound. K-pop lyrics are often a blend of Korean and English with catchy refrains that appeal to audiences from China to Morocco.

The rise of K-pop in Algeria has received much attention as the music genre spreads globally. But Morocco’s obsession with the glitzy music genre has so far gone relatively unnoticed, in spite of K-pop-related topics regularly appearing as top trending social media topics in Morocco and the region.

It appears that K-pop has so remained somewhat of a guilty, unspoken pleasure for people in Morocco. But as the pop genre becomes ever more popular, it will likely attract commercial interests. With global sensation such as BTS and Blackpink conquering the global music scene, it is only a matter of time until the first large-scale K-pop concert is announced in Morocco.

Read also: Young Moroccan Asmaa Alaoui Takes on Cultural Diplomacy Through ArtBae Suzy’s had quite the journey – she’s a ‘CF Queen’ who’s bagged endorsements with the likes of Lancôme and Guess, she debuted as the youngest member of girl group Miss A, and she won awards for her first acting role in teen K-drama Dream HighYour 1st single album ‘THE FIRST STEP : CHAPTER ONE’ launched on 7th August 2020. How do you think the album captures your group's aesthetic and essence?

Well, we are still in the process of defining the true essence of TREASURE! In our first album, we tried to mix the original vibe of YG with a twist of our own distinct styles. We really tried our best to make our music more approachable to various listeners in a way that they could see our charm and potential.

Since there are so many of us, we hope that our listeners can experience the many different sides of TREASURE and the dynamics in our choreography! We think that ‘BOY’ is a song that really emphasizes our diversity!

Was the preparation very intensive for your first single album debut?

Since it was our debut album, we really put in a lot of hard work and effort into finishing it! We spent most of our time in the studio recording and practising until everything was perfect. We knew that a lot of our fans were eagerly waiting for our debut, so we uploaded several cover song/dance videos to show them a snippet of what we had in store.

We would like to thank all our fans who have patiently waited for the album and have given us support throughout the process!

Meet the boys of TREASURE in the gallery below:Selain itu ia bergabung dalam drama Find Me In Your Memory di tahun 2020.Ia berperan sebagai reporter, aktingnya mendapatkan banyak pujian.South Korean singer Irene, the leader of K-pop girl group Red Velvet, has apologised after she was accused of bullying a stylist.

On Wednesday (Oct 21), a stylist who said she has 15 years of experience in the industry wrote on social media about an unpleasant experience with an unnamed celebrity.

She wrote that she felt humiliated and cried after being "trampled and abused".

While the stylist did not mention any names, she used the hashtags #psycho and #monster.

Psycho is a song recorded by Red Velvet, while Monster is recorded by Irene & Seulgi, a sub-unit of Red Velvet.

In an Instagram post late on Thursday, Irene, 29, wrote in Korean: "I sincerely apologise for hurting the stylist with my foolish attitude and careless words and actions.

"I am able to get to where I am now due to help from many people and I regret my immature actions which have caused great hurt."

SM Entertainment, Red Velvet's agency, also released a statement saying it will work hard to prevent such incidents from recurring. It added that Irene, whose real name is Bae Joo-hyun, had met the stylist and apologised to her on Thursday afternoon.

The activities of Red Velvet, whose other members are Seulgi, Wendy, Joy and Yeri, have been affected as a result.

K-Pop fans excited over the return of Red Velvet's Wendy after her stage accident last December

They were due to attend an online fan meeting as part of Korean Culture Festival 2020 on Saturday, but SM has told the organisers they would not be doing so.

Irene is starring in upcoming film Double Patty, her first movie, but some have wondered if its release would be affected. – The Straits Times/Asia News NetworkJinny trained with Blackpink members but didn’t make the girl group’s line-up, then left K-pop agency YG Entertainment before joining Secret Number in 2019.After bringing together nearly five million fans for its first-ever digital run of the annual K-pop festival KCON this summer, its 10-day autumnal follow-up also delivered in viewership and engagement.

KCON shares that more than 4.4 million viewers tuned in for their KCON:TACT Season 2 over the course of the October 16-25 run.

K-pop artists including ATEEZ, Sunmi, AB6IX, Dreamcatcher, A.C.E, The Boyz, IZ*ONE, Park Ji Hoon, LOONA, CLC, KARD as well as Japanese boy band JO1 were all on hand to meet fans via live stream performances and other forward-thinking opportunities to make the virtual fest more intimate. Fans were able to join concerts and meet-and-greets as live audience members via Zoom—their faces even sometimes shown on screen—while multi-camera views and fan-request features made atendees feel all the more closer and connected to the Seoul-based broadcast.

Co-hosted by Korean-entertainment conglomerate CJ ENM and the Korean Creative Content Agency, KCON:TACT season 2 built upon the initial KCON:TACT 2020 Summer that reported more than 4.81 million viewers tuning in from 152 countries through their seven-day debut.

“In these times of uncertainty, two seasons of the KCON:TACT this year successfully drew over eight million fans around the world introducing latest Korean pop culture through staggering virtual stage performances and technologies,” the head of CJ ENM Music Concert and Festival Kim Hyun Soo said in a statement. “[The] KCON team will continue to bring a virtual world where fans can get a piece of that amazing artist interaction and multi-cultural experience they have come to expect from KCON.”

Fans gained access to KCON:TACT for $19.99 via YouTube for KCON:TACT as well as a month’s access of K-pop channel Mnet’s content and live streaming feed. For $24.99, fans got additional access and content including different camera views and VOD.

While the future of live music continues to be uncertain—especially for a multi-day, international festival like KCON that had most recently brought together 158,000 attendees to its 2019 dates in major cities like New York and Los Angeles—and “Zoom fatigue” worries digital creators, working towards increasingly ambitious and interactive experiences like KCON:TACT are all the more important to satisfy viewers’ need for music experiences.Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.Korean electronics giant LG has partnered with NEW ID, part of the Next Entertainment World group, to expand the Korean entertainment content available to users of its smart TV sets. Among the new offerings is YG TV, a channel launched with the YG Entertainment talent agency that is responsible for K-pop acts including Blackpink, G-Dragon, Taeyang and Winner.

The move represents an expansion of LG’s role as a provider of free ad-supported streaming television (FAST). That sounds like a throwback to linear television, but in fact is a rapidly growing business sector populated by brands including Tubi TV, Pluto TV, IMDB TV and The Roku Channel.

LG is the world’s second largest manufacturer of TV sets. It reports that the number of viewers and their time spent consuming content on LG Channels has quadrupled since last year.

From next week, the expanded Korean content service will be available on LG 2019 TVs with webOS 4.5 in select markets across Europe. Customers with LG smart TVs running older version of webOS versions will see the service before the end of the year. Those with the newest versions and owners in other countries will have the service from 2021.

“LG Channels offers premium digital content and multi-broadcast channels together with a diverse array of quality content choices available free-of-charge on LG Smart TVs in US, Canada, Europe and Latin America,” said Lee Sang-woo, senior VP of content service business at LG Electronics Home Entertainment Company.

Other Korean entertainment on offer includes muKbang TV, Mubeat (music videos and karaoke) and Billiards TV. NEW ID is one of the platform owners, where before the LG Channels platform was only powered by Xumo.

“Through this launch, you could say that NEW ID is becoming aggregator/distributor/tech-integrator all at the same time,” a NEW ID spokesman told Variety.

“We are planning to continuously expand our inventory by adding European channels and Asian channels. Other main channels are meant to expand beyond our parent company’s feature and scripted TV content and include K-Pop related performance or reality and variety shows.”

“Following the success of ‘Parasite,’ Korean films might seem to have moved past the image of being the underdog in the industry, but there still needs to be channels that can actively expose the global audience to various Korean films. We hope that our channel can address such a need,” the spokesman said.

“For a similar reason, there needs to exist channels that can showcase Korean drama, variety show, and K-pop artists in the North American and European markets. We believe FAST platforms that are emerging with the OTT market could potentially decide the next course of the Korean content distribution model.”

For more on the FAST sector see Variety Intelligence Platform.PETALING JAYA, Oct 28 — Popular K-pop group NCT U is courting controversy after featuring an Islamic shrine and a religious text in one of their recent live shows.

The boyband came under fire after performing their single Make A Wish (Birthday Song) last weekend on the Korean music show Inkigayo, which used images of the Imam Husayn Shrine and a line from an Islamic prayer text on the stage’s backdrop.

The Imam Husayn Shrine is a mosque located in Karbala, Iraq where Prophet Muhammad’s grandson and the third imam of Shia Islam, Husayn ibn Ali, was laid to rest.

It is considered a sacred religious site for Shia Muslims, with many making pilgrimages to Karbala each year to observe the anniversary of Husayn’s martyrdom.

Fans and critics of NCT U have argued that it was wrong of the band to use religious imagery as mere “decorations” when Shia Muslims are regularly targeted by sectarian violence in various Islamic countries.

“It's beyond disrespectful to use such text in the performance. Please stop using our religion for your concepts or aesthetic purposes, this is not okay,” wrote one Twitter user.

“I am a Sunni and it pains me to see this! Nobody's belief should be used as an aesthetic,” said another.

NCT U has been hit with accusations of cultural and religious appropriation since the release of the music video for Make A Wish (Birthday Song), which featured clothing and set designs inspired by Middle Eastern and Indian imagery.

Other live performances of the song have also been criticised after members sported turbans and made mudras, or ritual gestures from Dharmic religions including Hinduism and Buddhism.

Several NCT U fans have kickstarted email campaigns to demand that TV network SBS remove the offensive Inkigayo performance from online platforms.

NCT U debuted back in 2016 as a subunit of NCT, a 23-member boyband under SM Entertainment that is currently promoting their sophomore album NCT Resonance Pt. 1.Trump campaign senior adviser Justin Clark told a room of Republican lawyers during a closed-door meeting in Wisconsin last year that the organization saw a "huge, huge, huge, huge" opportunity in what it referred to as its "2020 Election Day Operations."

"First and foremost is the consent decree's gone," he said.

Clark referenced a recently-expired court order barring Republican operatives from a number of voter-intimidation activities. After the Republican National Committee hired off-duty law enforcement to intimidate voters in minority communities in 1981, the consent decree was born.

Ruling there was no proof that Republicans had recently violated the decree, a federal judge dropped it in 2018. That set up Election Day in 2020 to be the first time in nearly four decades where the Republican National Committee will not be required to obtain advance approval for any planned "ballot security" measures at the polls. It was this opening that Clark dubbed a "huge" deal.

A few months after that closed-door meeting, the Trump campaign launched "armyfortrump.com" — an official website recruiting supporters to pitch in with voting operations, including on Election Day. Drawing on military language and iconography — an alternate URL is "defendyourballot.com" — the channel calls on supporters of the commander-in-chief to "enlist" in a number of election activities, working alongside "battle tested Team Trump operatives" on the "frontlines" of the campaign.

Though the website first launched in spring, Trump himself promoted again this week in a post-debate tweet Tuesday inviting supporters to become "a Trump Election Poll Watcher."

Trump's eldest adult son, Donald Trump Jr., also recently promoted the effort in a selfie video campaign ad calling upon "every able-bodied man and woman" to join "Army for Trump's election security operation."

"The radical left are laying the groundwork to steal this election from my father," Don Jr. alleged.

"Their plan is to add millions of fraudulent ballots that can cancel your vote and overturn the election," he further claimed, without evidence. "We cannot let that happen."

Don Jr. also suggested the importance of a physical presence at the polls as he urged supporters to "enlist" under the ballot defense URL.

"We need you to help us watch them not just on Election Day but also during early voting and at the counting boards," he said. "Don't let them steal it."

Forbes reported last week that the Twitter hashtag #ArmyForTrump catalogued "a large number of posts promoting violence against the president's opposition, in some cases specifically naming Biden and other leading Democrats as enemies."

The hashtag, the outlet added, was used in posts attacking "a wide range of targets, including Jewish financier and philanthropist George Soros, Black Lives Matter leaders, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and others."

Some Trump supporters have already heeded the calls to action. Last week, for example, a crowd of the president's supporters, some of whom were waving Trump flags, temporarily blocked access to an early voting location in Fairfax, Va.

But in the wake of the president's recruitment tweet following his first debate against Democratic rival Joe Biden, the #ArmyForTrump hashtag appears to have been infiltrated by another army: fans of Korean pop music. The development echoed a prior troll from June, in which the same group inflated ticket requests, and campaign expectations, for Trump's sparsely attended "comeback rally" in Tulsa, Okla.

The president, who has been reported to have disparaged troops in public and private alike, often tries to associate himself with the language and imagery of the military and law enforcement — "my military" and "my generals" — in what is widely seen as an attempt to project strength. Trump has threatened to deploy active-duty troops against peaceful protesters, and often invokes Bikers for Trump, a niche group of supporters, as a similar threat.

"I can tell you I have the support of the police, the support of the military, the support of the Bikers for Trump. I have the tough people, but they don't play it tough until they go to a certain point" the president said in 2019. "And then it would be very bad — very bad."

The Trump campaign also leans on militarized language for fundraising efforts, such as an email in June, which read: "You've been identified as one of President Trump's fiercest and most loyal defenders, and according to your donor file, you'd make an excellent addition to the Trump Army."

The email sought to reward donors with "exclusive" camouflage campaign hats as something of a campaign uniform.

"The President wants YOU and every other member of our exclusive Trump Army to have to something to identify yourselves with, and to let everyone know that you are the President's first line of defense when to come to fighting off the Liberal MOB," it said.

Recently, multiple senior Pentagon officials told The New York Times that there had been discussions of the possible resignations of top department brass — starting with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley — should Trump try to deploy troops on U.S. streets during the election following criticisms of his handling of the Black Lives Matter protests in June.

After the president posted the recruitment tweet, General Michael Hayden, director of the CIA and NSA under former President Barack Obama, warned on Wednesday that state governors themselves should develop plans to counter Trump's army of supporters — with the national guard.With a few moments of desktop research, you could build a strong case for K-pop as the hottest genre on the planet right now. 



And BTS, with their four U.S. No. 1 albums arriving in breezy succession, the most popular group. 



The top girl-group? Take a bow Blackpink, the record-smashing foursome who are the first all-female group to lead Billboard’s Artist 100 chart, which measures artist action across key metrics of music consumption.



Tushar Apte is across all of it.



The Los Angeles-based Australian record producer and songwriter has his fingerprints on some of the biggest pop records of the past decade, from Demi Lovato’s ‘Sober’ and Starley’s ‘Signs’ to songs recorded by Zayn Malik, Steve Aoki, Chris Brown, Nicki Minaj, Adam Levine and many more. 



As K-pop has caught fire, Apte has been at the coalface, working alongside some of the genre’s top acts.



TIO caught up with the APRA Ambassador for a wide-angle look at his work and how the doors opened-up to the pop galaxies of BTS and Blackpink.

What does your typical day look like?

There’s no real consistency in terms of the day schedules, and that’s just the way I like it to be honest.

Maybe the only constant thing I have right now is, I always wake up and do deep breathing exercises to find my focus and calm at the top of the day — along with obvious health benefits — followed by a cup of coffee.

The rest of the day is fair game.

I always try to keep a bit of slack in my day in case I need to drop everything for the right opportunity or a cool hang. So many of my favorite songs have just come from friends, managers, artists and label A&Rs calling me in for sessions an hour before they want to start.

That is certainly one of the advantages of living in L.A., which for now is still the global epicenter of the songwriter and producer world. 



I think of my schedule more in blocks of weeks – I tend to do about two to three new writing sessions each week, and take the other days to dig into production, learn new things, do business and life admin stuff, and make time for the necessary evil of the ‘general hustle,’ which includes phone calls and meetings.

I mostly love that stuff actually.

Most days I’m working out of my own studio or my home setup but for bigger artist sessions sometimes we’ll be at any number of the fancier studios around town. There are certain waves of months where if I’m in a really creative flow. I’ll work seven days — four-to-five new sessions a week — ’till I burn out. But trying to get better at finding a balance nowadays.



I’m friends with a few of the established Aussies here in L.A. who are really in the game. It’s nice because we have a pretty small but supportive group.

We’re normally so busy in our own worlds that we don’t hang out often, but I think in our own way we’re constantly inspired and motivated to be better by one another.

How did the move to L.A. come about?

I moved to L.A. almost 10 years ago now, and at that time it still wasn’t very common for Aussie writers to fully commit to the move. It was a lot of people coming here for a few months and then going back to the comfort zone of Aus.

I never thought of it as a risky undertaking at the time, but a lot of things were converging in my life at that moment where I just knew I had to leave Australia to really give a career in music a proper shot.

I had never really worked in the music industry in any real capacity in Australia before moving so it was totally starting from the ground.

To be honest when I moved I didn’t even consider the songwriting path in particular – I just had a general goal to make creating music my main thing. Up ’till that point I’d only ever really dabbled in music, taking small gigs at bars and other things in Sydney that would come to me passively through friends, while working a full time job and finishing my uni degree. 



The one thing that definitely made the move easier was that my cousin had already been living here for a couple of years. In hindsight, that was so key to easing me into the inevitable ‘struggle years’ in L.A. because even though I stayed on my cousins couch for a year — and change — I never felt alone or isolated.

I had friends here pretty much as soon as I landed.

You’ve found a niche in K-pop. You’ve worked with the biggest pop band on the planet and the biggest all-girl band on the planet. How did K-pop come calling?

Getting involved in the K-pop universe has been one of the most unexpectedly rewarding experiences of my career.

While most of my year is spent working with U.S. acts, I’ve been working in the Asian pop world for almost six years now on and off, and have had some wins, including ‘Roleplay’ by Luhan from EXO and ‘Take It Out’ by MYTEEN, both big records in China and Indonesia and elsewhere.

Then in late 2018, I got an email from BigHit to help work on ideas for BTS – I had no idea how big they were.

I wrote a bunch of ideas on some music they’d sent me, some of which ended up on ‘Home’ (currently at 110 million streams) and it was a game-changer not just in terms of how I’ve been received in the K-pop world, but also how I perceived it.

Even though it’s based in Seoul, it’s fair to say we’ve reached a point where it’s really a global phenomenon. And I think the publishing cheques speak for themselves on that (laughs). 



A lot of my success in that world is also just luck and great timing. I was fortunate to work with BTS just before they truly exploded in the U.S. so it was easier to get a shot, and by then I’d spent a few years really getting to understand the K-pop style and sound.

So a lot of that converged and I think ended up being applied on the Blackpink record.

Blackpink’s album is hot right now and you had a big part in it. Most casual fans have no idea of the Aussie connection between yourself and Rosè.

Yes! Shoutout to Rosè. She sounds amazing on this record. And my friend Leah Haywood, an amazing Aussie writer who’s also a part of the Blackpink album (‘Lovesick Girls’).

Our song ‘Love To Hate Me’, which I’m told is a fan favorite on the album, wasn’t actually written to any particular brief.

The day we wrote the initial demo we just wanted to write an empowering and fun girl group record, but something with a little edge and a bit tongue-in-cheek.

Groups that are as astronomically successful as Blackpink also have to deal with the inevitable hate, so I think they really connected with the vibe of the record instantly.

What projects do you have on the boil?

I’m so grateful to be on the recorded side of the music industry particularly during this difficult year, and so fortunate to have had a pretty good run through the year so far.

Definitely a lot of projects going on here in the U.S. and also internationally – some of it with big artists, but actually a lot of my favorite music I’ve been working on has been with developing acts and new artists.

All will be revealed soon, I hope. 



I’m absolutely planning to be back in Australia as soon as the travel restrictions ease.

One of the hardest things during this year is not being able to plan travel to see family back home. Fingers crossed we get to visit soon.

I always make sure I get a little bit of work in whenever I’m back in Aus also, and I’m definitely tying to stay active and engaged with the writer and artist community there as well.

What advice do you have for other Aussie and Kiwi songwriters keen to make the move abroad?

I think so much of a successful move, particularly to any of the world’s music ‘hubs,’ is in the mental attitude you take towards the move.

Think of it as if you’re never going to move back.

A lot of these places like L.A. and London are such saturated and competitive places to do music in, that the only way is to fully commit to the journey and inevitable challenges you’ll face settling in these places.

Not just in an industry sense but also getting a handle on the energy of the city itself.



Beyond that I think what helps when you do move at least initially, is to just really take each day as it comes and work on the craft.

Try and surround yourself constantly with people who are better than you and embrace situations that make you uncomfortable or nervous.

That normally means you’re trying to challenge yourself, which is forever the goal no matter how many hits you have.Why did this happen?

Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.As part of Korea Music Festival's 4th edition, the concert series is holding a Drive-in Festival.

Slated to take place this weekend, the Korea Music Drive-In Festival is a grand concert celebration featuring over 30 musical acts. This is a rare chance for local K-pop fans to see their idols in-person after the onslaught of concert and tour cancellations this year.

The festival will happen between 31 October and 1 November at the Incheon International Ferry Terminal at 6PM (KR Standard Time). For fans outside of Korea, the festival will also be livestreamed starting at 2PM (TH/ID Standard Time) 3PM (Standard Time) via Outlook Events.

The festival will feature an array of Korean musical acts, spanning from K-pop to trot. Fans cans expect to see performances from NCT U, PENTAGON, MOMOLAND, ATEEZ, Park Jae-Jung, Jungyup, Cherry Bullet, (G)-IDLE, CLC, Astro, and many more.

Korean Music Drive-In Festival is the latest in socially distanced concerts around the world, following Bangkok's Tuk Tuk drive-in festival in August and the UK's Sam Fender's socially distanced show earlier this year.

To watch the festival, fans can opt between two streaming quality options - 720p and 1080p, the former priced at USD 29 (SGD 40, PHP 1422) for single-day tickets and USD 47 (SGD 64, PHP 2275) for package tickets, while the latter is priced at USD 35 (SGD 48, PHP 1706)and USD 58 (SGD 80, PHP 2845).

For more online ticket details, visit Outlook Events' official website.One cannot deny that the digital sphere keeps advancing at a rapid speed. There was a time when words like robots, artificial intelligence, virtual reality and more were just seen in sci-fi movies or spoken by scientists.

However, nowadays they are as common as anything, included in almost every part of our daily life and beyond.

The recent coronavirus pandemic and the subsequent lockdowns and social distancing it enforced has only made the world depend even more on technology and the digital sector.

In that light, what SM Entertainment’s founder Lee Soo-man said at the ‘2020 World Cultural Industry Forum’ online event kind of makes sense. But one has to wonder whether it is the right thing or not.

What Did Lee Soo-man Say?

At the ‘2020 World Cultural Industry Forum’ online event, Lee Soo-man, the founder of SM Entertainment, one of the most renowned South Korean entertainment agency, spoke about their new girl group.

Going by the name ‘Aespa’ Soo-man revealed that the group would not only have real-world members but also individual official AI avatars.

During the event, Lee Soo-man spoke about the changing nature of the music industry, and ideas he has about new things to be added to it.

One of them is using AI to create virtual celebs to which he said, “In the world of celebrities, big data-driven robots will play a significant role. Most importantly, the development of AI technologies will enable customised avatars to fit into personal lives.”

His words people have taken to mean that the company will probably create robot avatars that will be an extension to a real K-pop idol and further connect the fan and artist.

These extensions will be an even closer friend or companion to the fan than a real artist could ever be.

Some of his words were on the stranger side when he stated things like how people can create robot avatars of their favourite celebrity and then live together with them or even make an avatar that could substitute the actual person in their own life.

He has already started on this with the girl group Aespa, where not only will the group have the 4 real-life artists but also 4 avatars of theirs, with the former taking on offline activities while the latter will be focusing on digital activities.

As per Soo-man, the avatars will have their own brain of some sort and be separate from the actual artists.

Read More: This Is How K-Pop Band BTS’ Fanclub Raised Rs. 5 Lakh+ For An Indian Digital Night School In Under 24 Hours

This apparently did not sit well with many K-pop stans on Twitter who were quick to voice their disagreement.

In fact, ‘Lee Sooman’ was even trending on Twitter quickly after his statements came out. Here are some things that Twitterati said about why this is not a good idea at all.

Not everyone seems to be against this idea though. There are fans who support this concept and base this on Soo-Man’s experience in the industry and the success he has had till now.

This is certainly something quite different compared to other virtual reality artists that are currently out there.

This post is tagged under: lee sooman, lee sooman sm entertainment, sm entertainment, sm entertainment kpop, kpop, lee sooman ai, aespa, aespa kpop groupStimulus update: Everything to know about the bipartisan $300 unemployment benefit planThis debut novel of Jessica Jung, formerly of Girls' Generation, may be a work of fiction technically but one cannot be faulted for thinking it is an autobiography in disguise.

In Shine, a Korean-American girl named Rachel is plucked from ordinary teenage life to move to Seoul, where she struggles to debut as an idol under a major K-pop agency. Rachel, who has a younger sister, is nicknamed Princess Rachel, as she is thought to be the agency's favourite trainee.

Jung has an almost identical backstory as her character, from her "Princess" nickname to her younger sister Krystal Jung, who later became part of the nowdefunct girl group f(x).

The book has already drawn the ire of fans of Girls' Generation, which Jung left in 2014 after an ugly falling-out. Some have accused Jung of capitalising on the group's fame despite having left six years ago.

The 31-year-old tells Time magazine that the book draws plenty from her own life and encounters in the K-pop world. She even invites fans to look for clues to find out "who's who, what's what, what's true, what's not".

The book certainly provides plenty of gossip fodder about the K-pop industry.

Jung is almost brutal in depicting how unhealthy the system can be - with teenage girls literally weighed on a scale and swiftly insulted for any gains, and severe bullying incidents which include drugging someone's drink.

The darker overtures of the book are balanced by Jung's love for K-pop - her characters come alive when performing and believe that their music truly has the power to connect people.

The main characters and central relationships in the book are also deftly crafted.

The antagonist of the story - Mina, an heiress and a trainee alongside Rachel - remains unlikable till the end of the book, but her arc unfolds in a way that evokes sympathy.

Her relationship with Rachel is also fascinating.

They are fierce competitors who detest each other, but when they are made to work together, it becomes clear to both that their nemesis may also be one of the few people in the world who understand how much work they have put in to become K-pop idols.

Another intriguing relationship is that between Rachel and her love interest, a top K-pop star named Jason Lee. He seems too good to be true at first, but is later exposed for his complicity in keeping up the double standards for men and women in the K-pop industry - which tends to judge and punish women more harshly.

Rachel's complicated relationship with her mother, who is reluctant to fully support her K-pop dream, falls flat in comparison. Rachel's mother has potential to be an interesting character, but her clash with Rachel was resolved all too conveniently in one unsatisfying chapter.

That said, Shine, which is part of a two-book deal and slated for a screen adaptation, maintains a high energy level throughout before ending on an enticing note that would leave readers wanting more.

If you like this, read: K-pop Confidential by Stephan Lee (Point, 2020, $15.47, available here), a coming-of-age novel about straight-A Korean-American student Candace Park, who keeps her K-pop obsession to herself. But when she gets through a global audition to become a K-pop trainee, she is confronted by the cost of realising her dream.
• This article includes affiliate links. When you buy through affiliate links in the article, we may earn a small commission.PETALING JAYA, Oct 23 — Malaysian girl group Dolla has rubbished claims that they are copying popular K-pop band Blackpink.

Member Sabronzo, 25, told Harian Metro that while Dolla does look up to Blackpink for inspiration, any similarities between the two girl groups are merely “coincidental.”

“I know many people think that we’re copying the performance style of Blackpink. However, any similarities are coincidental.

“There are not that many Malaysian girl groups and even the most popular ones back in the day were Feminin and Elite. To me, I think Dolla has a unique identity,” said Sabronzo.

Dolla has garnered their fair share of negative comments since they debuted in March this year with the song Make You Wanna.

A majority of the criticisms took aim at the girls for purportedly lacking originality and for promoting a sexy and sultry image with their music.

Sabronzo said that naysayers are entitled to their opinions and that she and her fellow members remain grateful for the support shown by their fans so far.

“We are staying cool and collected because everyone is entitled to their own opinion.

“If the comments touch on sensitive topics or foul language, we will just ignore them.”

Besides Sabronzo, Dolla consists of members Tabby, Syasya, and Angel.

The quartet has been plagued with accusations of copying Blackpink since their debut; both bands have four members and sport outfits that combine elements of tough streetwear with girly colours and silhouettes.

Member Syasya, 19, has also been said to bear a resemblance to Blackpink’s rapper Lisa due to their similar hairstyles.

Despite the comparisons, the Dolla members hope to carve out an identity for themselves by becoming a “new-generation girl group” in Malaysia.

Their first song Make You Wanna touches on themes of female empowerment and the strength of self-confidence, a message that the band aims to put forth once again in their upcoming single Impikan.An openly gay MTV star has been inundated with death threats and vile homophobic abuse on Twitter from K-pop fans.

Alex Illest, who previously starred on MTV Canada's talk show 1 Girl 5 Gays, was repeatedly told to kill himself on Friday after calling fans of the South Korean girl group Blackpink 'toxic' and 'psychotic' on Twitter.

The 30-year-old was targeted by the group's fans after they started harassing rapper Cardi B on Twitter for not promoting Blackpink's new album, which she features on.

In a since deleted tweet, Cardi wrote: 'I really love the girls but I won't let you lil kids play with me. I already got payed to do what I had to and I won't do no more.'

Alex responded to the tweet, telling the WAP hitmaker not to worry about the girl group's 'psychotic' fans - known as Blinks.

After the Blinks started to attack Alex for the comment, he followed it up by tweeting: 'I love BLACKPINK but their stans are so toxic.'

A 'stan' is defined as 'an overzealous or obsessive fan of a particular celebrity.'

Alex also made fun of the group's album for only containing eight songs, joking that it should be an EP instead.

Alex soon received hundreds upon hundreds of abusive tweets from the group's fans, with many of them containing death threats and homophobic slurs.

'They hate f*ggots just like you, go slit your wrists or some gay ass s**t,' wrote one.

'F*GGOT NEEDS TO BURN IN HELL,' added another, while one wrote: 'They hate white gays we know that's why we stan.'

Another troll tweeted: 'F*ggots like you should worry about you getting AIDS and fighting for your rights in countries worldwide instead of worrying about queens like Blackpink.'

'Dirty white f*g,' said another, while one tweeted: 'You are a white gay man without rights.'

Alex, who currently works with the Equality and Human Rights Council of Scotland, then posted screenshots of the abuse to his own Twitter feed.

When contacted for comment by Daily Mail, he said that he'd decided to share the abuse he received on Twitter to highlight the rampant homophobia on social media and among Blackpink's fandom.

'I don’t believe Blackpink are homophobic or prejudice in any way and it’s a shame that a large portion of their fan base are defaming them in such a manner,' he said.

'I don’t want to discredit the millions of k-pop or Blackpink fans who conduct themselves in a civilized manner but if you mention k-pop stans to anyone who frequents Twitter they’ll shudder,' he continued.

'I decided to post a fraction of the disgusting comments I received in an attempt to bring awareness to the horrendous filth many innocent people endure on a daily basis. I’m an out, visibly queer person with experience in television, with not-for-profit organizations and I’ve been on social media for over a decade; I have thick skin. I can take it. I just fear for those who can’t.'

Blackpink officially debuted in 2016 and are currently one of the most successful pop acts in the world.

In addition to working with Cardi B, the girls have also collaborated with Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez and Dua Lipa.

The group has a strong Australian connection, as member Rosé Park was born in New Zealand and raised in Melbourne.

Her bandmate Jennie Kim also spent five years studying in New Zealand before returning home to South Korea.

They released their long-awaited debut album, titled The Album, on October 2.Russian face-editing app FaceApp might be a little controversial on the data privacy front, but it’s still as amusing as ever since it first popped up on social media feeds.

Thanks to its scarily precise artificial-intelligence sorcery, you would have already seen aged-up selfies of yourself and your friends. You might have also seen what our politicians would look like if they were gender-swapped.

Now, there’s a way to see what world leaders would look like if they were Korean pop stars.

The latest internet trend sees the presidents and prime ministers of the world oppa-fied (“oppa” is the Korean term of endearment for older men). The results are... scarily on point.

Singaporean TikToker Jaze Phua took it one step further by incorporating even more oppa-worthy politicians, including regional leaders such as the Philippines’ Rodrigo Duterte, Thailand’s Prayut Chan-o-cha and Indonesia’s Joko Widodo.

Of course, there's one of our Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong as well. The compilation of transformed pictures has already garnered over 45,000 shares as of writing.

Phua assembled the photos he found from the internet into a video montage filled with dashing, powerful men.K-pop has definitely invaded the music scene and it’s now become a global phenomenon. How did this all begin and why is the world going crazy over these Korean groups?

Years ago, most of us in the West knew nothing much about Korea, much less their music. But lately, addictive songs by K-pop groups like BTS, Twice, and Black Pink can be heard everywhere. They even released kpop vinyl records that got sold out in a hearbeat. K-pop has become so popular in the last couple of years that they even hit the Billboard Charts at least eight times.

BTS, probably the most famous of the K-pop groups, is # 43 on Forbes’s list of highest-paid celebrities, beating some of the biggest stars such as Ariana Grande. And although they only presented at the Grammy’s (and was only nominated for Best Record Package), they raked many awards from AMA, Billboard Music Awards, MTV awards, just to name a few. There is no doubt about it: K-pop is now certainly a force to be reckoned with.

How did this happen? We were all just listening to Adele rolling it in the deep and then BAM, Kpop has become a thing!

Well, it certainly didn’t sprout overnight. It all started in 1996 when the first idol group H.O.T. was formed. They are very much the same as the idol groups of today ---good-enough voice, great choreo, clear skin, flashy fashion, and cute personalities. H.O.T. became famous enough that they opened for a benefit concert with Michael Jackson.

Because of this, many Kpop groups were assembled in the 2000s, peaking when the Wonder Girls got in the Billboard Charts in 2009 with their crossover hit “Nobody.” And then after this success, Kpop groups started sprouting left and right, with superfans all over the world idolizing them like crazy.

Here are some of the reasons why K-pop has become a global phenomenon:

#1 Government Support for Culture and the Arts

The Korean government is very wise. They know the power of art and mass media in the economy as well as their reputation. Why use weapons to conquer the world when you can do it through art? That’s pretty much what Hollywood is doing anyway. Not only do BTS fans buy their music and merch, they will also likely be open to try Korean food, Korean make-up, Korean fashion, and will without a doubt be giddy to plan a trip to Korea. Did you notice that Korean movies are now taking the world by storm, too? Parasite won the Oscars Best Picture last February. This isn’t just because there are talented Koreans because talent is cheaper than salt. It’s because making something good and marketing it to the whole world requires a village...and lots and lots of money which their government is more than willing to give.

Most of these famous K-pop groups are manufactured in studios. Not to say that they are talentless people who are just like robots, they are extremely talented! They’ve been recruited and trained at a young age (most of them audition when they’re 12) and they’re the best of the best. Once in, they’re trained not just to sing and dance well, but to be a jack of all trades-- they have to speak well, dress well, be smart, and have the personality that can make them lovable to fans. They’re trained to perfection. With a great marketing strategy (and budget) and with artists that are groomed for years, it’s almost impossible to fail.

I asked my friend who’s a K-pop addict what makes her love them so much. She paused for a while to think because she listens to all types of music and I consider her to be one of the few with good taste. She said “I don’t know, they just make me happy.” She said she listens to them and watches their videos when she doesn’t want to think or feel too much, like now during the pandemic. She just wants to be entertained by these repetitive easy to sing-along tunes that just makes her have cutesy, warm feelings. Isn’t this what we want (and need) these days? Sure they’re not as deep as Leonard Cohen but anything that gives happy vibes in this bleak world is a godsend.

It is exciting to see how K-pop will position itself in the years to come, if it will have a permanent spot in the charts. Will they finally win a Grammy? Will the world still love them if they make the same kind of music for years to come? Say what you will about Kpop but they’re already doing something great to the music industry just by making us ask these questions.Already a pop sensation in China and South Korea, Jackson Wang is now a global voice of a generation more connected than ever before. Fronting the Fall 2020 issue of L’OFFICIEL Hommes USA, the Hong Kong rapper and K-pop star transcends borders, fronting a special edition of the magazine dedicated to the trailblazers who are pushing boundaries in fashion, art, and culture. With hits from his South Korean pop supergroup, Got7, as well as his own solo career, Wang has climbed the music charts and found himself at the forefront of the global music scene, in addition to making a mark through dance, in fashion, and on TV.She shed the name Jimin Park for Jamie Park during her new start with Warner Music Korea, kept up with idol friends like F(x)’s Amber and Eric Nam, released the single Numbers featuring Changmo, and watched lots and lots of dramas on Netflix – including favourite How To Get Away with Murder – this is Jamie Park’s 2020Jokowi Soroti 73,7 persen Kredit Bank ada di JawaComebacks are big in K-Pop and no one is making a bigger one than TWICE right now. The iconic K-Pop group are not only celebrating their fifth anniversary together this year, but they're also giving us their second major-length Korean album, Eyes wide open, that fans have been waiting for. But before you meet them, TWICE left a special message for Seventeen readers that you can check out below:

"One in a million! Hi, we are TWICE! Thank you to ONCE and everyone else for waiting for our second full album. It’s been three years since our first album released! Our new album has a continued theme from our 9th mini album, showing how we have two sides of good and evil. We are looking forward to hearing your reactions to our title song 'I Can't Stop Me.' Our artistic and musical creativeness has grown and we can’t wait to share it with you. Thank you!"

Here's everything you need to know about the members of TWICE.



Fun fact: She was a trainee for 10 years before she debuted

Fun fact: She secretly auditioned to become a trainee back in 2010.

Fun fact: She loves to build with legos and completed a Disney castle earlier this year.

Fun fact: TWICE was formed through a competition show called Sixteen. Although she was initially eliminated, she was brought back to join the group with her impressive skills.

Fun fact: She is known for her impressive calligraphy skills.

Fun fact: She trained in ballet for over 10 years before moving on to other dance styles.

Fun fact: Before training, she went viral for a popular dance video that was posted on YouTube.

Fun fact: She originally trained to be a singer, but later started rapping and loved it.

Fun fact: She is the youngest member of the group.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.ioK-Pop stars BTS – whose label Big Hit Entertainment is headed for a $4 billion-plus IPO this month – drew nearly 1 million viewers to their pay-per-concert over the weekend, likely banking at least $35 million in the process.

The two-day, live streamed ‘MAP OF THE SOUL ON:E’ event, which took place on Saturday (October 10) and Sunday (October 11) in Seoul, attracted 993,000 viewers from 191 regions, according to Big Hit.

This event follows BTS’ record breaking ‘BANG BANG CON The Live’ virtual concert in June, which saw them attract 756,600 concurrent viewers from 107 regions, generating close to $20 million in ticket sales.

Ticket prices for this weekend’s MAP OF THE SOUL ON:E event ranged from $44.55 for a one day ticket, to $81.00 for a weekend ticket (offered in 4k and HD multi-view) for non-fan club members.

For Saturday and Sunday combined (in 4k and HD multi-view), plus entry to an online exhibition, the price was $90.89 for non-fan club members.

Tickets for the online exhibition alone were priced at $13.50. MBW understands that fan-club members got a discount on all the tickets.

Big Hit haven’t released an official breakdown of how many tickets were sold for each priced “tier” of ‘MAP OF THE SOUL ON:E’, nor have they released an official total revenue figure for the event.

However, if we applied the same $9 discount given to fan club members for June’s livestreamed event to the standard one day ticket price of $44.55 for this event, and, if every one of those 993,000 viewers then paid $35.55, the virtual concert easily generated in excess of $35m.

The weekend’s event saw Big Hit and BTS team up with US-based live streaming and video production company Kiswe again following their partnership in June on BANG BANG CON The Live.

Kiswe’s video technology is used by the likes of the National Basketball Association (NBA), Globo, Major League Soccer (MLS), PGA Tour, Next Generation eSports (NGE), Turner Sports and other broadcasters, media companies, sports and eSports leagues.

‘MAP OF THE SOUL ON:E’ saw BTS deliver a total of 23 performances across 150 minutes on each day using technology such as 4K resolution, AR and XR.

Viewers were also able to choose which camera shot they wanted to see, in addition to being able to interact with each other by forming private “watch party” rooms.

Big Hit claims that the event marks the world’s first online streaming concert that used both multi-view and 4K/HD technology.

In addition to the live-streamed event, Big Hit Entertainment offered “Delayed Single-view streaming” that gave viewers access to the replay of the livestream, and live viewing events at theaters in Japan.

BTS said: “The concert crossed countless emotions. Our first march began with seven boys who gathered for a small dream.

“And together, we will march on forever, each of us waving flags of various colors and singing different stories in different languages. BTS is not a story of only seven, but is about you, me and everyone.”Music Business WorldwideK-Pop Is Becoming Mainstream in Europe

2020 has marked a successful year for K-pop – BLACKPINK landed a Netflix original documentary on their success, while BTS‘ management company Big Hit Entertainment made its stock market debut. Shifting from a niche culture, the genre has now become a global phenomenon and is going mainstream in Europe with leading numbers from the UK, as revealed by Spotify.

Between 2019 and 2020, the UK has streamed more K-pop than any other country on the continent, closely followed by France and Germany. Some of the most-played acts include the likes of BTS with their hits “Dynamite,” “Black Swan” and “Boy With Luv,” and BLACKPINK with “How You Like That” and their feature in Lady Gaga‘s “Sour Candy.” Other notable artists on the list include TWICE, along with rising names Stray Kids and ATEEZ. Additionally, BANG YE DAM, TVXQ‘s MAX, Jang Ye Eun, Mamamoo‘s Solar and Nell‘s Kim Jong Wan saw the most increases in streams this year.

You can listen to hit K-pop titles by artists like Hwasa, SOMI, ITZY and more via Spotify below.

In case you missed it, CL will be making an official comeback later this month.The ROK-US Concert will have many musical and cultural performances to celebrate the South Korea – U.S. alliance.

For the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the ROK-US alliance and the 42nd anniversary of the CFC’s founding, the Alliance Concert will be held on November 6.

The K-Pop concert has an impressive lineup of idols including LOVELYZ, OHMYGIRL’s YooA, CHUNG HA, and A.C.E. Moreover, there will be other cultural performances like a Taekwondo performance, B-boy and fusion traditional Korean music performances. These performances will be held by K-tigers zero, Expression Crew, SoriB, and BAECHIGI.

Furthermore, the concert will be performed live through USFK’s Facebook account for 90 minutes. The concert will be held on November 6 at 6 PM KST.South Korean English-language TV network Arirang TV has announced an extended partnership with satellite operator Globecast to launch its HD channel in Western Europe.

The deal will see the Simply K-Pop music channel, which is aimed at international audiences, broadcast across the region on satellite Astra 1L at 19.2°E.

Arirang TV, operated by the Korea International Broadcasting Foundation, is based in Seoul and consists of a portfolio of channels aimed at an overseas audience. It has been broadcasting in the UK and Asia in 2016, and said that the new deal will allow it to reach 26 million homes in HD across the region.

Lee, Yong-Jae distribution director at Arirang TV, said, “We have a highly valued relationship with Globecast and we very much trust the technical expertise and the quality of services they provide. Given the strength of our relationship, it made absolute sense to expand our partnership, trusting Globecast with this next phase of our company’s growth. Platforms across Europe were eager for us to upgrade to HD, but this had to be achieved as cost-effectively as possible.”

Seechai Tan, head of sales at Globecast Asia, said, “Arirang TV had a stringent budget for expansion in the European market but they were very keen to upgrade their channel to HD to meet affiliate and viewer demand for a higher quality service. We studied the market together and came up with the best solution for them to help them shape the future development of their business.”

This is the latest deal for Globecast and Arirang TV, with the operator already handling multiple distribution services for the South Korean broadcaster.Korean pop band BTS have become a global phenomenon. Since they debuted in 2013, their K-pop formula of slick choreography, bubbly music and exuberant videos has won millions of loyal fans, who call themselves ARMY.

This summer, the band released ‘Dynamite’, their first entirely English single – which debuted top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and broke the record for the most YouTube views in a day. They’re the first group since The Beatles to earn three number one albums in a year.

Last week, the band’s management agency Big Hit Entertainment announced that it would be floating on the South Korean stock market, which will turn the band’s seven members into multi-millionaires, and the CEO into a billionaire. But the band’s spectacular momentum will soon be abruptly curtailed when BTS have to abandon their army of fans, in favour of the actual South Korean army – and it could see them pitched into an international political row.

In South Korea, all able-bodied men between the ages of 18 and 28 must serve in the military for up to two years. Exemptions have previously been granted to classical musicians and athletes who triumph in international competitions, such as Tottenham striker Son Heung-min, but South Korea’s culture minister has publicly stated that there will be no such exception for BTS.

The band’s oldest member Jin is turning 28 in December, while youngest member Jungkook is 23. Their range of ages will create a revolving door of members, throwing BTS into years of disruption. In the past, male K-pop groups have staggered through military service periods by performing as a smaller unit or allowing members to pursue solo projects. Yet absence does not always make the heart grow fonder, and in the swift and choppy realm of K-pop, dwindling public interest can be detrimental.

The band’s global success this year has prompted fans to renew cries for a reprieve. The ARMY have an astounding power to mobilise online, and with the looming threat of BTS disbanding, they are taking it upon themselves to save their idols. Petitions concerning their military service have tens of thousands of signatures.

These appeals propose a range of alternative solutions. Charlie Lewis’ popular petition, for example, calls for an exemption on the basis that BTS is “quite possibly the most famous and globally impactful group of people ever to come out of South Korea”. But despite good intentions, Lewis received backlash from fellow fans for overlooking the significance of military service in South Korea.

The most popular petition, with nearly 100,000 signatures, requests that the South Korean government allow all seven members of BTS to serve at the same time, in order to dampen the prolonged impact on their career. Others suggest a postponement until their fame eventually wanes.

Others are adamant that the band should serve in the military as normal. K-pop fan Ian argues that anything else would be “unfair for all the idols who finished it already, and also to those who are enlisted at the moment”.

In fact, BTS may have benefited from the efforts of those earlier groups, who laid the foundations of K-pop’s growing global success, and then left a vacuum when they entered the military that the band was able to fill. Some fans see this as a key feature of the genre, allowing new and upcoming bands to take a slice of the pie once the veterans have had their time and are pushing 30.

Military exemptions are controversial in South Korea, particularly given that issues of inequality and privilege are prominent in political debate. The ‘Gangnam Style’ singer PSY was redrafted in 2007 after state prosecutors accused him of neglecting his duties. Korean-American singer Yoo Seung-joon is banned from the country following accusations he became a US citizen in order to dodge the draft.

As their success nears collision with their national duty, BTS fans are becoming increasingly resourceful in proposing alternative avenues. A petition lodged with president Moon Jae-in in September advocates hurling the band into the eye of a political storm to stave off military service.

The proposal, made through the official government channel, calls for an exemption, suggesting that BTS should instead do a month of basic training on the disputed Liancourt Rocks in the Sea of Japan. These two jagged islands are the source of ongoing diplomatic tension between South Korea and Japan. They have been controlled by Seoul since 1954. Yet they are also claimed by Tokyo, which describes South Korea’s presence there as illegal occupation. The South Koreans call the islets Dokdo, while the Japanese call them Takeshima.

Each country believes their historical ties to the rocky outcrop are more legitimate than the others. The Liancourt Rocks, named by nineteenth century French whalers, lie in rich fishing waters, almost equidistant between the two countries. They are also believed to hold natural gas reserves that could be worth billions of dollars.

Ramon Pacheco Pardo, a reader in international relations at King's College London and Korea Chair at Vrije Universiteit Brussel, pinpoints Japan’s colonisation of Korea as the main source of tensions. “They have these lingering matters that have never been solved,” he says. “I compare it with what’s happening in the US with Black Lives Matter. They are people who have all their rights guaranteed, but originally their parents, grandparents were second class citizens. It’s similar in South Korea. This generation didn't suffer under [colonialism] but they realise that in many cases their grandparents were essentially second class citizens.”

The petition argues that BTS doing their basic training with the island’s police guard would bring global attention to the ongoing territorial dispute, and strengthen South Korea’s claim to the land, while dispelling Japan’s alleged misinformation in maintaining sovereignty over it. “The battlefield for BTS to fight is not a place to train with a gun in hand, but to hold a microphone to promote Korea on the battlefield called the world stage,” writes the author of the petition, who has completed his own military service.

This wouldn’t be the first time that K-pop stars have become embroiled in a conflict between Korea and Japan. In 2018, a Japanese TV show cancelled a BTS appearance after one of the members wore a Korean Independence Day shirt with an atomic bomb explosion on it. In 2012, Choi Siwon of K-pop band Super Junior stoked already fraught relations when he tweeted support for South Korean sovereignty over the Liancourt Rocks. High-powered loudspeakers along the buffer zone border to North Korea have been intermittently used to blast K-pop from the south when tensions were high.

Such diplomatic skirmishes in the world of K-pop demonstrate how South Korean entertainment is increasingly crucial as a form of soft power. The meteoric ascension of Korean popular culture since the turn of the millennium has been dubbed the ‘Korean Wave’, and described by Korean academic Cho Hae-Joang as “a sign of global shift.”

South Korean entertainment – from K-Pop to Parasite – can be a form of furthering the government’s foreign policy, says Edward Howell, a politics lecturer at Oxford University. “It is a way of emphasising South Korean identity that avoids higher level conflict,” he says. “It’s not official, it’s small scale, but it’s still there nonetheless.”

The band’s lyrics don’t overtly try and sell the country, says Pardo, but show the reality of what life is like there. “I think this is paradoxically what helps Korean soft power: that it is not propaganda. It’s a very big contrast to what a North Korean movie would show you.”

BTS account for a staggering $4.65 billion of South Korea’s GDP, as of 2019, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Their popularity has contributed to a surge in tourism and boosted the appeal of South Korean clothes, cosmetics and food. At least a billion dollars’ worth of consumer exports are associated with the band.

“The ultimate aim of these cultural exports is to shed a nuanced outlook on South Korean society,” says Howell. “South Korea is not just going to be seen as the country that has gone from rags to riches since the end of the Korean War; the country that is home to BTS and extra fast broadband. This pop culture dissemination is going to try and make us in the West more cognisant of what's beneath the surface.”

The band’s global success and financial muscle means fans are now not alone in fretting over what the band’s military hiatus will mean for their longevity. Legislation was proposed in South Korea last month to allow entertainers who have made “great contributions” to popular culture to delay enlisting until they are 30.

If successful, the bill would ensure the members could continue to fuel their own phenomenal growth for at least a couple more years, as they dip their toes into movies and mobile games.

Whichever route the South Korean government takes, it will likely be a controversial decision with ramifications for the country’s industry, economy and culture.

K-pop bands such as Exo are already wrangling with the diminishing effect of missing members. Yet BTS have surpassed all precedents for what a K-pop band can achieve. In ensuring they serve in the military for the sake of fairness, the South Korean government could end up cutting off their nose to spite their face. If the lucrative star power of BTS sinks into quiet obscurity in the barracks of South Korea’s army for two years, will they be best serving their country?

😷 Life is now one big risk assessment. Here are five life rules for staying safe during a pandemic

🚓 Seven years on GTA V still refuses to die

💻 Putting data centres at the bottom of the ocean might actually be a good idea

🔊 Listen to The WIRED Podcast, the week in science, technology and culture, delivered every FridayK-pop supergroup BTS’ new album BE is released next month. Photo: HandoutA question by talk show host Jimmy Kimmel to Jisoo of Blackpink (above) about her favourite English word sparked controversy on social media among K-pop fans. Photo: YG EntertainmentIN the last few years, K-pop has become more than just a music genre. Its influence has not only been proven on the Billboard charts and on US TV shows, but has also spilled over into the realm of diplomacy.

Recently, global sensation BTS faced an uproar after the group received an award from the Korea Society, which celebrates South Korea-US ties. In an acceptance speech, leader RM mentioned the “pain of history” in a reference to the 1950-1953 Korean War.

His seemingly innocuous remarks enraged millions of Chinese social media users, who criticised him for neglecting the sacrifices of China, which fought on North Korea’s side.

China’s state-run Global Times stood at the forefront of accusing the group, while big advertisers like Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor were forced to remove BTS-themed products and ads from their Chinese websites.

Even in Seoul, the issue was mentioned during the ongoing parliamentary audit, with the ruling and opposition parties pitted against each other.

It seems inevitable that K-pop keeps being subject to diplomatically tricky situations, especially considering South Korea’s geographical position and its complicated history with neighbouring countries. Still, experts say culture and politics should be kept separate.

“When it comes to diplomatic or historical issues, conflicts are unavoidable, even unsolvable, since they are a matter of perspective. I think BTS did what they could do at the given situation, and those to be blamed are people who try to frame it with nationalism, ” culture critic Jung Duk-hyun told The Korea Herald.

“What’s most important here is that we should let culture serve its best purpose, which is to enable cross-cultural communication and overcome linguistic and historical barriers.”

Lee Gyu-tak, a professor at George Mason University Korea, predicted similar controversies in the future as K-pop extends its presence globally.

A growing number of K-pop groups are embracing foreign members to better appeal to global markets. The issue is that the performers are sometimes considered to be representing their home countries.

“Foreign members will keep facing pressure to espouse public support for their own nationalities in such circumstances. We remember that big bands with Chinese or Japanese members struggle when long-held diplomatic issues resurface, ” Lee said. “East Asia’s historical background is much more complicated than many global K-pop fans think.”

So how should K-pop artists and their agencies deal with these situations?

“Unless it’s a matter of racism, gender or ethical problems, I don’t think there’s any need to be agitated by the controversy itself. I believe it’s best to allow the bandmates to freely express their opinions and focus on their careers, rather than reacting to something they cannot control, ” he said. —The Korea Herald/Asia News NetworkAs Rohit Khilnani's exclusive interview with K-pop sensation BTS aired on NDTV, we have curated a list of another aspect (besides music) of the seven-member band that the fans absolutely love - their sartorial choices. BTS, which counts RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook, among its members, was formed in 2013. BTS has offered some major fashion icons and inspiration in the last few years - be it embracing gender fluid fashion or promoting local designers of their region, or even breaking the unspoken red carpet rules. Here's a list of the major fashion trends started by BTS.

When there is a mention of gender fluid fashion and musicians embracing it, one is likely to imagine pop stars with kohl-rimmed eyes and maybe septum piercings. However, BTS is one band that redefined gender fluid fashion all together. From pulling off pinks with utmost ease to, wearing chokers, they have done it all at some point. They have managed to make their sartorial choices synonymous with androgynous fashion, what with ruffled collars, high heeled boots (often sported by Jin). Our favourite has to be that beaded drop earring that V wears with all his pride.

We 'Bow' To Their Formal Style

BTS' staple might be high street fashion but they do clean up well. The K-pop band surely knows how to suit up if the occasion demands. The biggest example are the Grammy Awards. For the 2019 ceremony, the stars were men in black what with coordinated suits and tuxedos, designed by South Korean designers Kim Seo Ryong and JayBaek Couture. For the 2020 Grammys, the BTS surprised in overcoats, with a colour palette featuring shades of brown, camel, tan and black.

These K-pop stars can do it all. They might routinely wear Dior, Givenchy, Berluti, Saint Laurent, Gucci, Bottega Veneta but they never forget their roots. For the 2019 Grammys, they wore outfits designed by Kim Seo Ryong and JayBaek Couture - both Korean brands.

Pinks, Pastels And Prints - Yes Please

This seven-member boy band can swap prints, pinks and pastels in the blink of an eye. At the 2018 Billboard Music Awards, BTS made a head-turning appearance in seven distinct outfits by Gucci. It was raining prints and colors on the red carpet. They ditched the red carpet staples for graphic tees, Hawaiian shirts, loafers, bright colours and stripes. Their vibrant fashion choices in their music videos clearly needs no introduction.

Did You 'Hair' About All Shades Of BTS?

The band which was formed in 2013, has undergone many changes and their collective hair evolution is a different tale altogether. From RM' mowhawk to Jungkook's cherry red, to Suga's mint tresses, BTS has had some iconic hair styles over the years. How can we forget J-Hope's red bangs and Jimin's purple-pink hair? That's not it, there were also shades of orange, blonde, honey-golden, teal, platinum blonde, dual-tones and what not.

Accessorise All The Way

There's no stopping for BTS members when it comes to accessories. They love caps, beanies and are often spotted wearing them during tours. Drop earrings, lockets, studs and chokers are also some of the pieces that they add to their oh-so-fabulous outfits. Glasses and (now) masks are also important aspects of their outfits.

This K-pop band swears by denims, especially when it comes to airport looks. While clicked at the airport, they are often spotted carrying totes in neutral shades. They usually keep their airport looks casual and comfortable. Some of their airport staples include printed tees, jeans (of course), trenches, glasses and oversized shirts.

The exclusive interview with BTS aired on Friday October 30.

You can watch BTS in conversation with NDTV at these times on NDTV 24x7:

The show is also be available on all NDTV's apps and digital platforms.

What do you think of BTS' fashion choices? Let us know using the comments section below.It has been a year since the K-Pop star Sulli (Choi Jin-RI) was found dead in her apartment. She was found dead at her home by her manager in the afternoon of October 14, 2019, at 3:20 PM local timing. The death of the K-Pop star was later confirmed to be suicide by the local authority without a suspicion of foul play. The news of her passing had shocked the K-Pop industry and its admirers from around the world.

Also read: Kristen Bell Supports Her Husband; Says 'I Will Stand By Him As He's Very Worth It'

Also read: Jussie Smollet To Venture Into Feature-film Direction With James Earl Hardy's B-Boy Blues

Koreaboo had reported that the police in Seongnam Sujeong in Korea had confirmed Sulli's death by suicide on October 14, 2019. Whereas, the local police had also gone on record saying that the CCTV footage of the area around the apartment did not showcase any signs of intrusions. South Korea's Yonhap had reported that Sulli lived alone in her apartment and the evidence pointed towards a suicide.

The Washington Post had reported that a note was found by the local police officers during the inspection of her apartment, but it was not a suicide note. Whereas, an open notepad was also found in her apartment consisting of Sulli's handwriting where she had penned down her thoughts while inspecting her apartment.

Also read: Conchata Ferrell Aka Berta's Best Scenes From 'Two And A Half Men'; Watch

A day before her sudden passing, Sulli was seen shooting for an ad film, thus her behaviour before her passing did not hint at her being depressive or distressed. Sulli's body was later moved to a local hospital and the family had then issued a statement via SME Entertainment that they wished to keep all the details about her death and funeral away from the public eye. The K-Pop star had gone public about her relationship with a rapper which did not sit well with the South Korean perception of a K-Pop star and her fans.

The singer had then revealed in an Instagram story video that after going public with her relationship, her closest friends left her. She had also admitted upon being fallen apart over the same.

Also read: Demi Lovato's Ex-beau Max Ehrich Spotted Crying At Same Place Where He Proposed Her?

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment."Everybody go above the limit like me... Follow your mood, follow your feelings, why not? Do it!" So sings K-pop girl group Loona (stylized LOOΠΔ) in their empowering latest single “Why Not,” out Oct. 20.

The lead track of their new album [12:00], also released the same day, “Why Not” sets the mood for the entire work, as they relay motivational, addicting songs that aim to inspire girls, or as Loona refers to them, “Loonas,” around the world. The album, which is pronounced “midnight,” is Loona’s third EP, known as a mini album in the K-pop world, and spends its length showing not one or two but four different versions of the group, flitting between sonic styles and moods among its eight tracks, including on the standout euphoric dance track of a B-side released both in Korean (“Voice”) and English (“Star”).

This diversity of sound isn’t a surprise when it comes to Loona, which spent over a year introducing itself to the world with each of its 12 members releasing their own album that explored their distinct musicalities and artistry, along with some joint albums featuring smaller groupings of the dozen women. A dedication to showing the differences that make every woman, both in the group and beyond, beautiful and powerful permeates throughout their work. Fittingly, the music video for the vibrant, anthemic single “Why Not” shows not only each member of Loona having her own unique time to shine – plus a diversity of styles as if to further emphasize their individuality – but numerous other women, seemingly representing the diverse mix of Loonas, or women they hope to inspire, across the world.

Following the release of [12:00], Loona shared some insight into the album. Read what they had to say below.

Tamar Herman: How does it feel to make your highly-anticipated return?Kim Lip: I have been wondering how the fans [will] react because we have very different concepts for each album. As we have prepared this album for a long time, we are eager to show the new stage performance with our new looks. I really missed you guys, Orbit!

Herman: How did the creative process for this album differ from your prior releases?

JinSoul: Our new album [12:00] consists of 4 distinct concepts, unlike the other albums. With the concept of “Midnight Festival” as the main theme, we have 4 versions of Loona who enjoy the Midnight Festival.

Yves: Also, [SM Entertainment founder and K-pop producer] Soo-man Lee has participated in this album, continuing from our last album [#], and we would like to thank him for his attention, focus and effort in various areas as well as music.

Herman: It's been over half a year since you released "So What." How does it feel to be releasing a new album after all this time?

YeoJin : Since it has been 8 months we released ‘So What’, so we’ve always wondered how orbits react for those who have been waiting for this comeback. As we’ve mentioned before, the composition of the album has been diversified and we’re coming back with a new look, so I was looking forward to the fans’ reactions, but I was also nervous. It’s already been three years, but I’m still nervous whenever I’m on the stage, and thanks to orbit, who are always cheering for me, I hope you guys enjoy this album with us.

Herman: What's the meaning behind this album?

Yves: Our third EP is titled [12:00]. In our view of Loonaverse, this album is about holding a Moonlight Festival at [12:00], when the moon shines the brightest, a festival where no girl will feel silenced. Through this album, we are delivering the message of “With all Loonas around the world” and it means another connection to the world, so please look forward to it.

Go Won: We have delivered [specific] messages continuously, as with our previous albums from [XX] and [#]. These messages are intended for all Loonas around the world. On here, Loona could be the story of not only us, but also someone who’s going to listen to this album. Or a story of you, who is having a conversation with us. Through these messages, which are meant to be connected to the world, I wanted to continue to speak out and tell stories and give courage and hope to everyone so that the subject of the phrase “Getting comforted by music” can be applied to Loona.

Herman: As you say, this album is meant to be "a festival where no girl will feel silenced." What do you mean by that, and why do you think it's so important to emphasize that girls need to not feel silenced?

Olivia Hye: I think “worthiness” is the most important part of the message in [12:00]. Loving ourselves is more important than anyone else. I’m the one who knows myself the best, and I’m the one who should love me the most, so I hope everyone in this world will not forget that yourself is a worthy being. And I think emphasizing dignity, equality and freedom is also something to remember not to forget that they are “worthy.” It means that we hope that movement and change will occur by shouting out things that should not be forgotten with us.

Herman: Aside from the single, what are some other songs you want people to take particular note of?

Choerry: It’s our B-side track “Voice.” Through this album, we’ve crossed lines and boundaries to become one, and Loona in the world keeps sending the message of being together. We keep throwing our voices into the world, and this is not just Loona, but a voice of all Loonas around the world, so please look forward to “Voice.”

Herman: “Voice” was released as “Star” in English. How do you feel about releasing your first song in English?

ViVi: It’s our first time recording a song in English and, so that we could deliver the exact message, it was difficult to pronounce exact words with our emotions and meaning. However, we were practicing and enjoying recording this song because we were thinking about all the Orbits around the world who have been supporting us. So we felt new and fresh, and it was an experience where we wanted to make it more perfect next time.

Herman: What do you think is a hidden strong point of this album?

HeeJin: It’s about the “Loonaverse” which is connected into one lore. I think this is not just the [12:00] album, but the difference and the strength of Loona and all of our albums. Through our solo albums to group albums, every song and album is not individual, but connected to our Loonaverse. And I think everyone who is familiar with Loona, will be interested in the fact that each member has their own lore and is connected to each other. Our [12:00] album is also an extension of the Loonaverse, so it would be nice to think that our songs and albums are all part of a story.

Herman: Loona has a lot of love from around the world, even becoming a viral meme of “Stan Loon.” What about Loona do you think makes you so beloved?

Chuu: Isn’t it our perfect visuals from all of 12 members? I know we are a multi-member group, but each member is captivating fans with different charms, different visuals, and different moods. And the fact that we are showing perfect harmony and a united performance on the stage will give them unexpected charms, so I think that’s why we are getting lots of love.

Herman: The ongoing pandemic has impacted much of the world. How have you been handling the struggles of 2020?

HyunJin: The year of 2020 is something meaningful to us because it’s our first time having two comebacks within a year. But unfortunately, for safety, the chances of meeting our fans through concerts, fan sign events, and music programs has decreased. Of course, we are meeting our fans through online concerts and video calls but the energy that’s transmitted in those fields is really different [than live events]. I’m happy having four different concepts [in this album], but the year of 2020 will be a little bit disappointing because we cannot meet our fans.

Herman: What is your ultimate goal with this album?

Go Won: Every time we release an album, we’ve always broken our own records. With our second EP [#], which we released in February, we’ve set many records and even earned the nickname “Record Girls.” So this time, we set a bigger goal and [want to] make it to the Billboard main chart as our final goal.

This interview was conducted in English and Korean, and edited for clarity.TWICE is taking the world by storm and they're just getting started. Over the past five years, the group has been working long and hard to make it to where they are and they're ready for their next chapter. On the heels of their fifth anniversary together, TWICE just gave fans the ultimate present with their their second major-length Korean album, Eyes wide open. But before you take a listen, TWICE left a special message for Seventeen readers that you can check out below:

"One in a million! Hi, we are TWICE! Thank you to ONCE and everyone else for waiting for our second full album. It’s been three years since our first album released! Our new album has a continued theme from our 9th mini album, showing how we have two sides of good and evil. We are looking forward to hearing your reactions to our title song 'I Can't Stop Me.' Our artistic and musical creativeness has grown and we can’t wait to share it with you. Thank you!"

Here's everything you need to know about the K-Pop band TWICE.



Some of the members were originally supposed to be in another group.

Nayeon, Jihyo, Jeongyeon and Sana were orignally brought together by JYP Entertainment to be a part of a group called SIXMIX. However, plans for the group were later scrapped and the ladies had to go back to training.

The band was formed in a TV competition series.

Like some of our other K-Pop groups, the ladies came together in a special television series called Sixteen. Only nine contestants were chosen at the end to join the group which later became TWICE.

Some members were added after the competition was over.

While viewers were able to pick who they wanted to see continue and who would ultimately join the group, members Momo and Tzuyu were added later on to help complete the group.

TWICE releases music in different languages.

While they are known as a K-Pop band, the group has already released several albums in Japanese as well as a track in English.

Along with several other big wins, TWICE managed to take home their first award for Best New Artist - Female at the 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards.

They've also been honored by the Korean government's Creative Content Agency.

In 2017, the group received the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism Commendation in honor of their contribution, according to K-Pop Herald.

They've actually had exam questions made about them.

According to K-Pop Map, if you're a student in Korea, there's a chance that you might have been asked about them in a quiz and you definitely want to study up on them to make sure you don't get anything wrong.

Their fandom is called ONCE.

As reported by Soompi, the band announced their fandom name on Instagram with the sweetest message on how they came up with it:

"Many fans liked the word 'once.' 'Once & Twice.' Once, then twice. They seem to go together like needle and thread. If you love us even once, we will repay your love with twice of our love. It is difficult to make any kind of relationship between people, and getting people’s love is the hardest of all. We will work hard so that you can look at us once, and fall in love with TWICE. Let’s be together until the end. Love you!"

They just released their latest album.

Whether you're just getting to know them for the first time or a long time ONCE member, you're definitely going to be obsessed with their brand new album, Eyes wide open.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.ioAs a member of the boy band Exo, Chanyeol is a big star in South Korea and internationally. So imagine fans’ surprise that Chanyeol is caught in a cheating scandal.

Are the allegations legit, though, or just an attempt to smear the singer’s name? Here’s what we know…No documentário BlackPink: Light Up The Sky, da Netflix, as integrantes do fenômeno do k-pop BlackPink descrevem, sem dramatismo algum, como passaram todos os seus anos de adolescência confinadas em uma academia. Quase sem contato com o mundo exterior, ensaiavam 14 horas diárias, com um só dia livre a cada duas semanas. A indústria do k-pop projeta uma imagem moderna, saudável e positiva da Coreia do Sul, mas seu sistema de fabricação de estrelas esconde contratos abusivos, a anulação do indivíduo e condições sub-humanas.

Os Jogos Olímpicos de Seul, em 1988, impulsionaram a prosperidade econômica da nação, os mercados se abriram, e as restrições nos meios de comunicação foram abrandadas. Mas a crise econômica de 1997 obrigou o Governo sul-coreano a neoliberalizar sua economia, abrindo-se ao exterior e permitindo uma maior influência da cultura anglo-saxã. O k-pop nasceu com uma formulação quase matemática: bases musicais sintéticas de hip hop, rock, eurodance, funk, reggae, techno, disco e country, com sons africanos, árabes e asiáticos. Sua estética de fantasia de animação se adaptou ao olhar lascivo do erotismo ocidental. O k-pop, um híbrido de todos os produtos populares do planeta, é a sublimação da globalização. E tudo graças ao conceito de “tecnologia cultural” criado em 1998 por Lee Soo-Man, fundador da gravadora SM e arquiteto do k-pop.

“A era da tecnologia da informação dominou os anos noventa. Eu predisse que depois viria a era da tecnologia cultural”, disse Lee à revista New Yorker. A primeira estrela lançada por Lee, o rapper Hyun Jin-young, estava a ponto de triunfar quando foi detido por posse de drogas. Lee jurou para si mesmo que não voltaria a embarcar no árduo processo de desenvolver um artista que pudesse decepcioná-lo. Assim, combinou seus conhecimentos como engenheiro com sua paixão musical e sua ambição empresarial para elaborar um manual que ele mesmo batizou de Tecnologia Cultural. Todos os funcionários da SM precisam saber suas diretrizes de cor: em que momento do processo é preciso incorporar compositores, produtores e coreógrafos estrangeiros; que progressões de acordes usar em cada país; que cor de sombra de olhos funciona melhor em cada região; como mexer as mãos ao saudar segundo a cultura; ou que ângulos de câmara aplicar para os vídeos. Segundo esta estratégia, as estrelas musicais podem ser fabricadas como se fabrica um celular ou computador, e o resultado é o mesmo: influência cultural, transformação social e crescimento econômico. Em 2010, a revista de negócios japonesa Nikkei pôs o grupo Girls' Generation em capa, definindo-o como “a nova Samsung”.

Os ídolos sul-coreanos são a face visível da neoliberalização de seu país em seu sentido mais extremo: trata-se de seres humanos cujas identidades são manufaturadas como se fossem bens de consumo. O público ocidental gosta de imaginar suas estrelas do pop como criaturas especiais, mas imperfeitas, cujo talento provém de um fator x (ou uma magia inexplicável) e cujo carisma radica em sua humanidade. Nos Estados Unidos, as estrelas nascem; na Coreia do Sul, são fabricadas. As academias de ídolos formam os aspirantes em canto, dança, idiomas, exercício, boas maneiras, uso de redes sociais e trato com a imprensa. O grupo sul-coreano mais bem-sucedido da história, o BTS, se gaba de treinar de 12 a 15 horas por dia. Os alunos começam sua formação por volta dos 11 anos e, graças a um software de simulação, a gravadora pode estimar como sua voz soará e que aspecto seu rosto terá uma década depois.

“Como alunos, acordávamos às 5h para praticar antes das aulas escolares, que começavam às 8h, e ao terminar alguns ficavam ensaiando até as 23h para impressionar os professores. Os alunos do grupo B, o menos talentoso, dormiam nas esteiras da academia de ginástica porque eram iguais às dos seus dormitórios. Eu era do grupo A, então tínhamos beliches”, recordou, em uma entrevista à BBC, uma aspirante chamada Euodias, que abandonou sua carreira às vésperas de sua estreia e que conta que os professores não chamavam os alunos por seu nome, mas sim por um número atribuído. “Eu tenho sorte porque caí fora aos 18, mas muitos dos meus colegas largaram tudo e aos 21 estão sem carreira musical e sem qualificações acadêmicas,” acrescentou a jovem.

Os pais devem solicitar uma autorização prévia para visitar seus filhos. Jogar a toalha não é uma opção, não só pela vergonha que isso causaria em sua família, mas porque, como penalização, teriam que pagar os gastos de sua formação até então. A única forma de sair de uma academia é virando uma estrela ou fracassando no esforço. Uma vez por mês, os executivos da companhia avaliam o progresso dos alunos e expulsam os que não cumprem as expectativas. Mas os que conseguem se formar são máquinas perfeitas de fazer pop, com uma energia e entusiasmo que jamais fraquejam (as câmeras estão constantemente voltadas para eles) e coreografias sincronizadas que os fazem parecer clones digitais. “Costumamos praticar danças com pesos de 4 quilos atados aos tornozelos durante dias, para assim nos acostumarmos a esse peso e depois nossos movimentos ficarem mais leves” revelou à Insider uma jovem chamada Way, da banda Crayon Pop.

Os alunos se pesam todas as manhãs e todas as noites, e um professor vai dizendo o peso em voz alta. Se você exceder seu peso ideal, lhe darão água em vez de comida. As meninas são submetidas a regimes como a dieta do copo de papel (só podem comer alimentos que caibam em um copo de papel), a dieta do pepino (coma exclusivamente pepino até atingir o peso desejado) ou a do gelo (não comer em absoluto e, quando lhes dá fome, mastigar gelo). “Até as garotas mais esquálidas parecem gordinhas na frente das câmeras”, lamentou no canal canadense CBC uma aspirante anônima que se alimenta de água e café. “O corpo não pode ter gordura para você se sair bem diante das câmeras.” A cantora JinE, do Oh My Girl, teve que tirar um período de descanso quando a anorexia a levou a pesar pouco mais de 30 quilos, com altura de 1m59. Sojung, do Ladies 'Code, disse que sua dieta diária consistia em uma laranja, 15 tomates-cereja e um pedaço de abóbora, e que fazia um ano que não menstruava. Tiffany, do Girls 'Generation, confessou que, com 48 quilos e 1m62, suas colegas a provocavam, chamando-a de “porca”.

“Perder peso faz seus olhos e nariz se sobressaírem mais e, portanto, você se destaca mais dos outros”, diz o maquiador Park So-jung. O objetivo é que as meninas tenham a aparência de bonecas à disposição do consumidor: suas pernas compridas e rostos simétricos alimentam a fantasia da Lolita oriental, com uma atitude submissa e infantil que tenta fazer seu erotismo parecer acidental e inconsciente. Um membro do Super Junior exclamou que os corpos das integrantes do Girls 'Generation “não pertencem a elas, são tesouros da nação”.

Para alcançar essa imagem, as academias incentivam as alunas a se submeterem a cirurgias plásticas. A Coreia do Sul é o país com mais operações estéticas do mundo (50% das mulheres entre 20 e 30 anos se retocaram) porque não há estigma social nenhum: mudar a aparência para alcançar a beleza é considerado um sacrifício digno e um símbolo de status. As operações mais comuns entre as aspirantes a ídolos são na pálpebra, nas maçãs do rosto, no nariz e no queixo. Tudo com o objetivo de parecerem mais caucasianas. A cirurgia da pálpebra é um presente de formatura comum dos pais sul-coreanos aos filhos quando terminam o ensino médio.

A obsessão da nação com o K-pop está se espalhando para o restante do planeta. É o sexto mercado musical do mundo e vem crescendo em torno de 15% ao ano há uma década. Só em 2019, os lucros aumentaram em 50%, graças, acima de tudo, ao BTS e ao BlackPink. O sexto álbum do BTS, Map of the Soul: Persona, vendeu mais de três milhões de cópias na Coreia do Sul (o país tem 50 milhões de habitantes) durante o primeiro mês de lançamento.

Sua turnê de 2019 foi a terceira mais bem-sucedida do ano em todo o mundo. O grupo é o artista mais citado no Twitter. O videoclipe de Dynamite recebeu um recorde de 101 milhões de visualizações em 24 horas: entre os 20 vídeos mais vistos no YouTube no dia de estreia, há cinco do BTS e cinco do BlackPink (elas ostentaram o recorde por dois meses com How You Like That: 86 milhões de visualizações em um dia). Um em cada 13 turistas na Coreia do Sul aponta o BTS como o principal motivo de sua visita. Ao gerar o equivalente a 30 bilhões de reais por ano, o BTS é responsável por 0,3% do produto interno bruto do país.

O fenômeno K-pop tem sido usado pelo Governo como arma diplomática. Em 2013, a presidenta Park Geun-hye declarou em seu discurso de posse: “No século 21, cultura é poder”. O grupo EXO se apresentou para Donald Trump (seu contrato, é claro, os impedia de recusar o convite, considerado uma honra por servirem a seu país). O Red Velvet serviu como embaixador da boa vontade com um show na Coreia do Norte para Kim Jong-un. Barack Obama aplaudiu, durante um discurso na Conferência de Liderança Asiática de 2017, que milhares de norte-americanos estivessem aprendendo coreano para apreciar as canções do SHINee.

Em 2005, o Governo criou um comitê com valor equivalente a 6,7 bilhões de reais para promover o K-pop. Estima-se que o país receba cinco dólares para cada dólar investido. O número de estudantes estrangeiros na Coreia do Sul cresceu 50% na última década. Os ídolos, portanto, são motivo de orgulho nacional e representam um país próspero e cosmopolita, mas mantendo os valores tradicionais de trabalho árduo, família, amizade e amor romântico. Sua atitude no palco é humilde, ao contrário da de estrelas pop ocidentais, que exibem uma energia dominante e de superioridade. Nos grupos tampouco há líderes nem se estimulam as identidades individuais, em sintonia com a mentalidade sul-coreana de contribuir para a comunidade em vez de perseguir o sucesso individual. Mas essa pressão está deixando vítimas pelo caminho.

Um dos membros do SHINee, Kim Jong-hyun, cometeu suicídio em dezembro de 2017. O cantor havia falado abertamente sobre sua depressão, sobre a angústia da fama e a necessidade de acabar com o estigma sul-coreano em relação à saúde mental: buscar tratamento psicológico ou psiquiátrico é percebido como uma decisão egoísta que antepõe o indivíduo à sociedade e, portanto, é motivo de desonra familiar porque sugere fraqueza e falta de disciplina. A Coreia do Sul é um dos países com maior taxa de suicídios no mundo.

A cantora Sulli tirou a própria vida após meses de críticas por ter expressado opiniões feministas, enquanto Goo Hara se suicidou por não suportar os ataques de fãs por ter denunciado um ex-namorado que ameaçava divulgar um vídeo de sexo de ambos. Park Kyung, da banda Block B, declarou que a ansiedade e a solidão são suas companheiras de vida. Em sua nota de suicídio, enviada pelo WhatsApp para sua irmã, Jong-huyn lhe disse: “Diga que me saí bem”.

Graduar-se em uma academia não significa o fim da exploração, mas o início de outra. De acordo com os contratos de sete anos (o Governo teve que regulamentar os chamados “contratos escravagistas”, que até 2009 eram de 13 anos), o artista não pode expressar opiniões políticas que não sejam de patriotismo nem ter relações românticas ou ir a qualquer lugar sem supervisão da empresa. Não pode se recusar a participar de nenhum evento nem patrocinar um produto (as Girls 'Generation se tornaram a imagem dos frangos assados). E, claro, não deve cometer nenhum deslize que corrompa sua imagem pura e inocente. Park Bom, do 2NE1, foi detida no aeroporto por tráfico de drogas. Embora fossem medicamentos receitados nos Estados Unidos, o público não a perdoou e Bom foi demitida.

A cultura confucionista da Coreia do Sul exige submissão à autoridade, especificamente à autoridade masculina. Quando as integrantes do Girls 'Generation flertaram com um grupo de garotos durante um programa de televisão, o público decidiu humilhá-las em seus shows desligando suas lanternas e mantendo silêncio durante a apresentação. O presidente da YG chamou as integrantes de seu grupo 2NE1 de “muito feias” em um programa de televisão e elas se puseram a chorar.

Além do mais, a cláusula de confidencialidade impede que o artista revele os meandros da indústria: o lado obscuro do K-pop que se conhece é apenas a ponta do iceberg. Mas isso está sendo denunciado cada vez mais em público.

Em 2009, Han Geng, membro do Super Junior, processou a SM por multá-lo quando ele se recusava a participar de algum evento e forçá-lo a trabalhar durante dois anos sem um único dia de folga, o que lhe causou uma doença renal. Krystal, do F (x), desmaia com tanta frequência durante os shows que esse é um de seus traços de identidade. Em 2011, três integrantes do Kara denunciaram que a sua gravadora lhes pagava apenas o equivalente a 740 reais por mês, apesar de terem gerado centenas de milhares em lucros (estima-se que as Girls 'Generation, de sucesso muito maior, pelo contrário, recebiam quase 7 milhões de reais por ano). O grupo TVXQ também processou a SM por não os deixar dormir mais do que quatro horas por dia e se recusar a lhes pagar se o seu álbum vendesse menos de 500.000 cópias. Quando Lee Lang ganhou um prêmio no Korean Music Awards, aproveitou o discurso de agradecimento para colocar seu troféu em leilão para poder pagar o aluguel.

Prince Mak declarou que os artistas só recebem 10% de seus ganhos, para serem divididos entre os integrantes da banda, e que desses 10% precisam descontar as despesas de sua formação, que são obrigados a pagar retroativamente: aulas, manutenção, alojamento, roupa, dietas e operações estéticas. Mak disse que teve que trabalhar três anos sem interrupção antes de receber algum dinheiro. A exceção a essa prática são as três grandes gravadoras (SM, JYP e YG, criadora do BlackPink, que também proíbe expressamente as operações estéticas), que começam a pagar suas estrelas assim que estreiam e elas só precisam devolver o dinheiro de sua formação se descumprirem o contrato. Reclamar, especialmente quando triunfam, é percebido pela sociedade sul-coreana como uma fraqueza de caráter.

O documentário do BlackPink termina com as quatro garotas comendo em um restaurante enquanto especulam se aos 40, depois de se casar e ter filhos, estarão em condições de enfrentar uma turnê de retorno. Estima-se que a vida comercial de um ídolo do K-pop nunca exceda os sete anos e eles estão perfeitamente cientes de como funcionam os ciclos do pop. Afinal, essa é literalmente toda a vida que eles conhecem.BTS (pictured) and K-pop as a whole have played a large part in the global rise in popularity of the Korean language and pop culture. Photo: Big Hit EntertainmentOctober will be a busy month for the Korean Cultural Center Indonesia (KCCI) as they present a number of cultural events, both online and offline.

According to a press release, the agency in collaboration with Korean companies in Indonesia runs the Korean Culture Month K-Festival 2020, which includes Hallyu Festival, Muslim-Friendly Korea Festival, K-Food Fair and JIPREMIUM Fair.

The festival began on Oct. 2 with events such as webinars, Hangeul quizzes, a taekwondo competition and a film festival.

In a boost to promote Muslim-friendly tourism in Korea, the Korea Tourism Organization will hold an online travel festival from Oct. 16 to 18. The agenda includes virtual journeys to Muslim-friendly destinations in Korea, a cooking show on halal Korean food as well as a talk show featuring a photographer and influencers that will share tips on how to capture the best moments while traveling in Korea.

A virtual painting exhibition will showcase 100 paintings in the Minhwa style of Korean folk art.

Meanwhile, the Korean Food Festival is presented by Korea Agro-Fisheries & Food until Nov. 1. Hosted in collaboration with e-commerce platform Tokopedia and Qoo10, the festival features more than 50 South Korean dishes. Singers Afgan and Lyodra will join the festival to talk about their favorite Korean food.

Additionally, the Korea Creative Content Agency Indonesia (KOCCA) is set to present a virtual Hallyu festival that features meet and greet sessions with K-pop stars. To be held in November, the events will include the annual Hallyu Com-on, K-pop cover dance festival and K-pop cover song contest. The Business Matching event aims to introduce South Korean content companies to their Indonesian counterparts. Other events include K-Startup Mentoring, K-pop concerts as well as fan meetings.

More information is available on KCCI's social media accounts and the iLotte website. (gis/wng)A New Zealand choreographer has received death threats and homophobic abuse online from K-pop fans because they didn't like one of his dance routines.

Kiel Tutin, who is based in Auckland, became a worldwide trending topic on Twitter after fans of the South Korean girl group Blackpink trolled him for choreographing the group's new single, Lovesick Girls.

In an emotional Instagram post, the 24-year-old said that he opened Twitter on Saturday to discover '25,000 faceless accounts telling [me] to die'.

In addition to death threats, countless trolls attacked Kiel with homophobic slurs for being white and openly gay.

'I opened Twitter to see thousands and thousands of messages saying [the choreography] sucks, obviously insults, and making fake images of me being racist and saying that I should die and death threats,' he said.

'And whatever else the kids are doing these days,' he added.

'It's crazy to me that there's so many people that think that's okay and putting that much negativity out online.'

He also said that it was ironic given that he only choreographed a small part of the routine, with the group's Korean record label handling the rest.

'Only 20 per cent was used,' he said of his contribution to the routine.

'Which we've grown to accept with these K-pop companies because they'll contact multiple choreographers and they have in-house choreographers that change it and make their own decisions about what the artist should be doing.'

Kiel added that K-pop fans need to stop treating the artists 'like gods' and sending hate and negativity to their collaborators.

'I just don't think it’s wise putting people on such a high pedestal and then pushing down everyone around them. That’s not the way to succeed,' he said.

Blackpink has a strong Australian connection, as member Rosé Park was born in New Zealand and raised in Melbourne.

Her bandmate Jennie Kim also spent five years studying in New Zealand before returning home to South Korea.

The group have become quite successful Down Under, with their latest album recently debuting at No. 2 on the ARIA albums chart.

Unfortunately, their fandom, known as 'Blinks', are rapidly gaining a bad reputation among K-pop fans for their toxic behaviour online.

Last week, a gay MTV star was inundated with similar death threats and homophobic abuse on Twitter from the group's fans.

Alex Illest, who previously starred in MTV Canada's talk show 1 Girl 5 Gays, was repeatedly told to kill himself after calling Blackpink fans 'toxic' and 'psychotic' in a tweet.

The 30-year-old was targeted by the Blinks after they started harassing rapper Cardi B on Twitter for not promoting Blackpink's new album, which she features on.

In a since deleted tweet, Cardi wrote: 'I really love the girls but I won't let you lil kids play with me. I already got paid to do what I had to and I won't do no more.'

Alex responded to the tweet, telling the WAP hitmaker not to worry about the girl group's 'psychotic' fans.

After the Blinks started to attack Alex for the comment, he followed it up by tweeting: 'I love BLACKPINK but their stans are so toxic.'

A 'stan' is defined as 'an overzealous or obsessive fan of a particular celebrity.

Alex soon received hundreds upon hundreds of abusive tweets from the group's fans, with many of them containing death threats and homophobic slurs.

'They hate f*ggots just like you, go slit your wrists or some gay ass s**t,' wrote one.

'F*GGOT NEEDS TO BURN IN HELL,' added another, while one wrote: 'They hate white gays we know that's why we stan.'

Another troll tweeted: 'F*ggots like you should worry about you getting AIDS and fighting for your rights in countries worldwide instead of worrying about queens like Blackpink.'

'Dirty white f*g,' said another, while one tweeted: 'You are a white gay man without rights.'

Alex, who currently works with the Equality and Human Rights Council of Scotland, then posted screenshots of the abuse to his own Twitter feed.

When contacted for comment by Daily Mail, he said that he'd decided to share the abuse he received on Twitter to highlight the rampant homophobia on social media and among Blackpink's fandom.

'I don't believe Blackpink are homophobic or prejudice in any way and it’s a shame that a large portion of their fan base are defaming them in such a manner,' he said.

'I don’t want to discredit the millions of K-pop or Blackpink fans who conduct themselves in a civilized manner but if you mention k-pop stans to anyone who frequents Twitter they’ll shudder,' he continued.

'I decided to post a fraction of the disgusting comments I received in an attempt to bring awareness to the horrendous filth many innocent people endure on a daily basis. I’m an out, visibly queer person with experience in television, with not-for-profit organizations and I’ve been on social media for over a decade; I have thick skin. I can take it. I just fear for those who can’t.'

Blackpink officially debuted in 2016 and are currently one of the most successful pop acts in the world.

In addition to working with Cardi B, the girls have also collaborated with Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez and Dua Lipa.Last week, K-pop artist Irene — member of the SM Entertainment-led group Red Velvet — came under fire for allegedly mistreating and lashing out at staff during a photoshoot. According to a now-deleted Instagram post, the star had “trampled and verbally abused” a fashion editor on set. Shortly after, the celebrity took to the social media platform to issue an official statement, admitting her wrongdoings and apologizing for her behavior.

The heated controversy not only revealed what might have happened behind closed doors, but it also sparked larger conversations about the deep-rooted “gapjil” culture in Korean society, where some people in positions of power display an attitude of self-importance around others. Here, we break down the incident as well as what we can learn from it.

On October 20, the fashion editor in question wrote a lengthy Instagram post to explain their recent experience. The editor stated:

“Today was the day I was trampled and verbally abused as someone in an inferior (eul, “을”) position. [This person is] proven to be inhumane by those around them, a puppet living behind a smiling mask, an ‘adult child’ who lacks character, and has the stupidity to reveal all of this transparently to someone she meets for the first time. I had to be mentally prepared even before meeting her given everything I had already heard previously, but I became speechless after becoming a target of hers. I froze, unable to move my hands, feet or brain, as I watched her lash out. It seemed like she was having trouble understanding the repeated explanations being made to her. I thought I had let everything go after meeting all kinds of people throughout my 15 years in this industry, but I was wrong. I experienced 20 minutes of hell in an unfamiliar room. She didn’t care to greet us, and sat in her chair with her phone in her hand as she hysterically threw a fit at me. She was furious to the point where I wasn’t sure if she was angry at just me, or everyone in the room. Anyway, I was her target of the day. I thought, ‘So other people have gone through this too?’ as she continued to fiercely stab me with her words. Tears rolled down my face even before I could realize it was embarrassing to cry in front of others. ‘What am I doing this for? To prove what? To make money? Because I was chosen to? Why do I have to go through this?’ I couldn’t even begin to understand her behavior even after thinking for a long time. I calmed down and wanted to talk to her in person, to receive a sincere apology. But she disappeared. I voice-recorded the moment, just in case something would happen. I’m going to take action. I am an editor and reporter, who delivers accurate facts through my writing. I’m going to use all the energy and brainpower I have to do something about this.”

The caption ended with “#psycho” and “#monster,” two hashtags that seemed to reference the titles of tracks Irene had participated in this year, leading social media users to speculate that the musician was the person described in the post. Over the next couple of days, the Internet was divided on which celebrity the editor was talking about. Some fans expressed that the accusations were not backed by any evidence, while others were confident that this certain star was Irene.

Netizens were quick to notice some of the individuals who reacted to the post that had gone viral. Other fashion editors, some of the biggest photographers in the industry, models and former stylists had liked the post, while someone claiming to be an industry insider showed support for the editor in the comments section.

On October 22, the Internet was surprised to see Irene’s official statement addressing the issue:

SM Entertainment also released an official statement on the same day:

Irene’s apology was met with mixed reactions from the Internet. Some commended Irene for admitting her wrongdoings and taking the time to apologize, while others expressed their disappointment towards the K-pop star.

Bringing light to the other side of the story, some other individuals who have previously worked with Irene voiced their opinion to defend the musician. “Irene gives handwritten cards and gifts to staff members during the holiday season. She knows how to appreciate her staff. Presents aren’t everything, but she’s liked by many members at our salon,” a makeup artist shared in an Instagram post.

A choreographer who works with Red Velvet said:

Word of the controversy has now spread overseas to China and Japan. After reading about the incident, a Chinese stylist took to Weibo to write: “I wasn’t surprised to see this at all. Irene is beautiful, but she lacks class. Anyone who’s worked with her will know. I believe I’m the only stylist in China who has worked with her, and I was shocked.” In Japan, former SM trainee Mone Fukuhara shared: “I still remember when I was a trainee. Joohyun often scolded me and Seulgi protected me.”

As the situation continued to escalate, Red Velvet backed out from a live fan meeting at the 2020 K-Culture Festival. Some users of online community websites are even urging Irene to leave Red Velvet.

The recent incident surrounding Irene has been labeled by some as a “gapjil” (갑질) controversy. The Korean expression refers to “the arrogant and authoritarian attitude of people holding positions of power over others.” The phenomenon, associated with the hierarchical nature of South Korean society, has been an ongoing issue in the country — Korean Air’s 2014 “nut rage” scandal is an example of just that.

While the term is typically used in corporate settings, it’s unfortunately not uncommon to come across gapjil behaviour in general situations. A number of K-dramas and movies have also highlighted gapjil culture. Some examples are Misaeng: Incomplete Life (2014), Itaewon Class (2020) – in which Park Saeroyi struggles under President Jang’s wealth and social status – as well as Veteran (2015), starring Yoo Ahin as a third-generation chaebol (heir to a powerful conglomerate).

The Internet, or social media to be specific, can be a liberating and scary place at the same time. While it serves as a platform for people to openly voice their opinions, social media can also quickly become a toxic space where people are anonymously attacked.

Following numerous speculations, the fashion editor spoke up about rumors circulating on the Internet:

As many have been saying in regards to the recent incident, there are two sides to every story. As spectators, we’ll never be able to fully understand what exactly happened during that photoshoot, although any act of abuse should never be condoned. Perhaps more importantly, the incident sheds light on the issue of gapjil culture and mistreatment that happens on a regular basis in various fields, particularly in Korean entertainment. While the industry may seem glamorous from the outside, it’s hard to ignore the uncomfortable reality that lies beneath the surface.

Last year, South Korea introduced a new law that protects employees from workplace harassment. Under this law, employers can be penalized for behavior such as verbal abuse, gossiping and bullying. Official actions like these are being taken in an effort to minimize gapjil, but as mentioned, the phenomenon doesn’t only apply to corporate scenarios. The hierarchical nature of Korean culture is what needs to transform in order to encourage mutual respect between people of different positions and social statuses, and ultimately, to build a healthy and fair environment for every member of society.Even if you've never heard a single K-Pop track in your entire life, you're at least privy to the fact that the genre pretty much owns social media, especially Twitter.

Two of the biggest outfits in the business are the girl group Blackpink and the Korean boy band BTS , so it's no surprise that a battle has erupted between stans of each group.

Seriously, go search for any popular trending term and you'll see at least a gajillion tweets tenuously linking whatever the subject matter is to a K-Pop group someone loves.

Who is currently winning the contest of Blackpink vs. BTS?

Let's make one thing clear right now: neither one of these musical groups are losing. They're both selling out entire stadiums of shows all over the world. They are making millions upon millions of dollars because fans can't get enough of their performances. BTS was also the first K-Pop group ever to present at the US Grammy awards and they put on a performance that absolutely knocked people's socks off.

While K-Pop often has music snobs turn their noses up at it for "samey" sounding beats and "nonsensical repetition", each of these groups, and countless other K-Pop musical acts are crushing it. But it's hard to deny that both Blackpink and BTS are the biggest in the business. In terms of social media engagement, they're actually pretty similar.

As of this writing, BTS has 31.6 million Instagram followers while Blackpink's IG following is at 30.5 mill, but BTS had about a three year head start on their female counterparts. What's interesting about BP is that unlike the typical K-Pop group which has no fewer than 12,000 members (just kidding, BTS has 7), they've only got four: Jennie, Lisa, Rose, and Jisoo.

So technically, BP's accomplishing more in a shorter amount of time with fewer people; the argument could be made that they already, pound for pound are winning the battle between them and BTS. On the other hand, BTS literally made K-Pop history, and many would argue that, while they certainly aren't the "OG" K-Pop boy band, they're the ones that helped to popularize the genre and launch it into the global stratosphere.On Wednesday, League of Legends K-pop group K/DA debuted its second music video — “More,” featuring featuring Madison Beer, Soyeon and Miyeon of (G)I-dle, Lexie Liu, Jaira Burns, and Seraphine.

K/DA debuted in 2018 with its first single, “Pop/Stars.” The music video, which debuted during the League of Legends World Championship Finals in 2018, is essentially an advertisement for League of Legends’ line of pop star skins.

But the song, music video, and, well, pop stars hit so much harder than that. The music video quickly went viral, gaining popularity outside of the League of Legends community, too. Now, it’s got more than 384 million views on YouTube. To say a second music video has been anticipated would be an understatement.

And now it’s here, and it’s hype. Like “Pop/Stars” before it, “More” is flashy, exciting, and inspirational.

All of the original K/DA members returned for the song “More,” — meaning the in-game characters, Akali, Ahri, Evelynn, and Kai’Sa. But the musicians who previously voiced these characters — Beer, Soyeon and Miyeon, and Burns — have all returned too, with some additions: Lexie Liu and Seraphine. (Seraphine is League of Legends’ newest playable character, who also has a skin in the K/DA universe.)

But this year, K/DA fans are getting much more than “More.” League of Legends developer Riot Games first released a second single, “The Baddest,” in September — with two new singers, Bea Miller and Wolftyla. A full album will be released, too, featuring some hugely popular musicians—like Twice, a K-pop girl group that’s topped many, many charts. Other newcomers include Kim Petras, Bekuh Boom, Annika Wells, Aluna, and League of Legends character Seraphine.

K/DA’s full album, called All Out, is expected to be out on Nov. 6. New in-game skins are coming to the game soon, too. Presumably, K/DA will perform at the League of Legends World Championship as well.Super Junior’s Siwon, actors Yoon Tae-young and Gang Dong-won, and billionaire and millionaire businesswomen Lee Boo-jin and Suh Min-jung are leading the pack when it comes to wealth in South Korea – but how do they spend their riches?Two K-pop superstars have officially been given an animated makeover!

During a New York Comic Con panel on Sunday, Oct. 11, the stars and producers behind Disney's colorful cartoon series nnounced they scored two musically-gifted guest stars for season three: Nichkhun Horvejkul and Jae Park, members of IRL boy bands 2PM and DAY6, respectively.

So what roles will they take on? They both play animated boy band members who just so happen to fight crime battle fantastical villains as a side hustle. Specifically, Nichkhun will play twins Dae and Hyun-Ki, one half of the boy band 4 2 Sing, while Jae Park will play another set of twins, Kwang-Sun and Ye Joon, also 4 2 Sing members.

In an exclusive clip of their debut, the K-pop stars' characters sing as they take on evil robots and, um, also master their choreography at the same time.“She’s always got that cool, calm, ‘it’s going to be O.K., we’re all good’ smile,” says producer Teddy Park in the new Netflix special BLACKPINK: Light up the Sky, a glossy look inside the all-female K-Pop juggernaut. He is speaking about Lisa, the group’s Thai rapper and lead dancer: a wasp-waisted 23-year-old with heavyset bangs and a kind of firefly charisma. “When it’s crunch time, she has this executioner killer instinct,” Park adds—though, given the group’s relentlessly upbeat tenor, that instinct plays out as knife-stroke dance moves and a blunt-cut bob.

In a year that has seen the music industry struggle without live performances, BLACKPINK—whose arena-filling fans are just as devoted in the digital sphere, making it the most subscribed-to music group on YouTube—has kept its high-profile rollouts arriving like clockwork. A guest spot on Lady Gaga’s “Sour Candy” landed in May. The group’s “Ice Cream,” featuring Selena Gomez and accompanied by a pastel-fantasy video, followed at the end of the summer. This month, on the heels of BLACKPINK’s debut album and the Netflix doc, the latest accolade falls to Lisa. As of this exclusive announcement, she is MAC Cosmetics’ newest global ambassador—which means that her “we’re all good” smile will be well dressed in the months ahead.

The leap from pop sensation to campaign face is familiar territory for MAC, which teamed up with Rosalía (also an ambassador) on a shade of flamenco-inspired red lipstick this fall. “The first MAC product I used was a lip product,” Lisa explains in an email, describing herself as a “huge fan” of the experimental makeup house and “a loyal user for a long time.” That might sound like polite praise, but her raft of beauty looks bears that out. A crystal-embellished cat eye in a recent Instagram look conjures up Sporty Spice by way of Lil Miquela. (“I often draw my eye-line a bit thicker and bolder than usual to make [it] look clearer in pictures,” Lisa points out, citing the graininess of film photography.) Another post features a glossy mauve mouth and a raspberry wig, with long tips and gold hoops that bring her a step closer to BLACKPINK’s latest collaborator, Cardi B. Meanwhile, Lisa’s product picks, below, offer a roadmap for those wanting to recreate the glitter-dusted eye and pink suede lip of the MAC campaign image.

That chameleonic quality is part of the appeal for the cosmetics brand. (Lisa’s 40 million Instagram followers is surely another.) As Drew Elliott, MAC’s global creative director, explains by email, “We were drawn to her confident, edgy-chic style and ability to take risks in the name of fashion”—something the fashion industry has keenly noted as well. Hedi Slimane photographed Lisa for this season’s Celine ads (she’s now an official ambassador); Bulgari has tapped the pop star to model its heavyweight jewels. There’s an independent streak throughout, as when Lisa wears a crop top by buzzy French designer Marine Serre alongside a matte lilac lip and a pileup of silver chains. “The music world is filled with so many fierce tastemakers who aren’t afraid to break the mold and express themselves in entirely unique ways,” writes Elliott of the natural crossover into beauty—a reason why both Gaga and Gomez have beauty lines of their own. He teases that Lisa will be a muse to product innovations ahead, while the Blinks (as BLACKPINK fans are called) eager to go behind the scenes can expect an insider’s look at her everyday routines.

The pop machinery undergirding stardom is the clear backdrop to all this. BLACKPINK debuted in 2016, after years of strenuous teenage training run by Seoul’s YG Entertainment. (In the Netflix doc, the women recounted having a single day off every two weeks as they geared up for fame; now between 23 and 25 years old, they still live together in the dorm.) Just three years later, BLACKPINK made a rhinestone-studded debut at 2019’s Coachella, becoming the first female Korean group to appear at the festival. The rapid rise provoked some early self-questioning: In the documentary, Lisa recalls her first trip back to Thailand, swarmed at a shopping mall by legions of fans, where she found herself thinking: “Could I really become their role model? What should I do to not let them down?” Writing by email, Lisa imagines an alternate life as a photographer, maybe—behind the camera, not in front of it. But for now, glittering in the public eye, she is in her element.

— Monica Lewinsky on the Pandemic’s Forgotten F-Word

— Why Harry and Meghan Won’t Spend Christmas With the Queen

— What One Book Critic Learned by Reading 150 Trump Books

— How Ghislaine Maxwell Recruited Young Girls for Jeffrey Epstein

— More Details Emerge on Prince Harry and Prince William’s “Bitter Explosion”

— Tracing Photographer Richard Avedon’s Bohemian Coming of Age

— From the Archive: The Mysteries of Princess Diana’s Fatal Car Crash

— Not a subscriber? Join Vanity Fair to receive full access to VF.com and the complete online archive now.One of the examples could be Park Jin Young or JYP, owner of one of the biggest South Korean entertainment agencies, who endlessly knocked on the door of American producers trying his luck with both several seasoned and rookie Korean artists. Some seemed to work out, but many had a hard time strengthening their presence in the “US market," which, often times, also meant the international market.After combining 20 different top-tier contestants, industry-leading mentors, special appearances from the likes of BTS, Seventeen and Tomorrow X Together as well as what might be the most intense conditions in televised singing-competition history, the finale of I-Land last month was an emotional, star-studded conclusion to pave the groundwork for what has been promised to create “next-generation K-pop artists.”

While Belift Lab, a joint venture between Korea-based superlabel Big Hit Entertainment and conglomerate CJ ENM, rolled out all the stops to introduce their new boy band named ENHYPEN, there’s still loads more for the band to accomplish ahead of their eventual debut onto the music scene. With a reported 34 million accumulative viewers for I-Land and quickly growing social-media accounts (including a noted high-percentage of U.S. fans on the group’s official fanclub app WeVerse), the numbers all look remarkably strong for the septet.

But perhaps what’s more promising than statistics or labelmates is the fan connection and palpable passion that a group can express to their supporters—something made all the more tricky during this time of social distancing and COVID-19 concerns.

Speaking about their forthcoming debut and feelings about one another, the members of ENHYPEN have a tangible enthusiasm felt in one of their first-ever interviews which you can read below. Instead of shrouding themselves in mystery or silence, Heeseung, Jay, Sunghoon, Jake, Sunoo, Jungwon and Ni-ki have been regularly communicating with fans on their various accounts and even took time to answer some questions during what’s already an intensely packed pre-debut schedule. It’s the type of specific and warm attention that all seems to hint to larger, globally focused plans for the promising group as they push ahead to hit the scene by the end of 2020.

Get to know ENHYPEN and its members below with reactions to their first days together, plans for involvement in their music, future goals and what else they’d like to share with fans before their first music release together.

Jeff Benjamin: Hello ENHYPEN! As someone who's watched your Big Hit seniors grow as well as I-Land, I'm proud to see you come together as ENHYPEN! What have the days since the finale been like for you?

ENHYPEN: Thank you for having us! Although it still feels like a dream, it's slowly beginning to sink in as we move full speed with preparation and practice for our debut. We just can’t wait to meet our fans and show them what we’ve prepared.

Jeff Benjamin: You've had an amazing response since the show. One million followers on Twitter and Instagram, almost three million wevers on Weverse. Have any fan responses stood out to you?

ENHYPEN: We’re truly grateful. It still surprises us to see how diverse, especially in nationalities, our fanbase is. We see comments in countless languages and people have been forming a global community around us. It’s truly amazing. It keeps reminding us of our goal and purpose to connect the world through our music.

Jeff Benjamin: What are your first goals as ENHYPEN? I remember that Jake wants to hit No. 1 on a Billboard chart, which I think is a great goal.

ENHYPEN: Our successful debut and showcase is what we’re focusing on at the moment. Since we can’t meet our fans in person, we really try hard in order to deliver music and performances that can wow our fans and impress our audiences. Standing atop a Billboard chart is definitely a goal we would like to achieve someday. However, we feel that it is necessary to proceed step by step and always do our best to become a global artist capable of achieving such a feat.

Jeff Benjamin: Do any of the members partake in songwriting or song composing? Does anyone have interest in this or are you training in it?

ENHYPEN: Heeseung has experience with both songwriting and song composing, and Jay and Jungwon write lyrics from time to time. We’re all really interested in songwriting and composing. We’ve been taking every opportunity to practice in the studio ever since we became members.

Jeff Benjamin: How are your relationships with other I-Land trainees?

ENHYPEN: We’re like one big family—we’re very close and keep in touch frequently through a group chat.

Jeff Benjamin: Fans watched your broadcasted experience in I-Land, but I'd like to know more about your personal experiences between one another. Can you share any moments that stood out?

Sunoo: We all went to a training center between Part 1 and 2 of the show. We became even closer there, and had fun goofing off with one another in between practice.

Heeseung: Jay and I had many “heart-to-heart” chats. These conversations helped us bond at another level.

Jay: The members pranked me by putting grapefruit soda and salt in the kimchi stew I was eating while I got up to get something. I thought it tasted strange once I came back... and was shocked to hear what they had done midway through the meal.

Jungwon: Once I had a conversation with Jay when he confessed that he couldn’t express being tired or burnt out because of the hard working image he portrayed. Now seven of us are all very close and feel comfortable being completely honest with one another.

Sunghoon: We went to the beach as well for our first, second and third-place benefit. We had a lot of fun fishing and eating seafood, but I’m afraid that part got edited out of the show.

Jake: Sunghoon and I once turned the lights off in the bathroom to scare Jay. We scared him a number of times after that and his reactions were always hilarious. I’ll make sure to capture some on camera one day to show you.

Ni-ki: [The audience wouldn’t have seen] bedtime talks with I-Land members that would last for hours sometimes.

Jeff Benjamin: Since we are learning more about you in this interview, can each member share a new fact about himself that fans don't know yet?

Heeseung: You might have seen me act as the leader often, but I can be lazy too and love sleeping, to be honest.

Jay: It’s been 10 years since I moved to Korea from the U.S., so my English is actually quite rusty. I’ll practice it for the English-speaking fans who have supported me thus far. I’ve also been studying Japanese on my own and can manage while only speaking the language. I’ll do my best to perfect my Korean, English, and Japanese to communicate better with fans!

Ni-ki: The members are all like elder brothers to me. I sometimes feel like being alone, but now can’t imagine being without them anymore.

Jake: I’ve noticed that many fans want to see me play the violin. I haven’t practiced it for almost a year, but I would like to pick it up again to perform for my fans someday!

Sunoo: I eat more than you would think and love spicy food. I also love things like Disney movies, mellow music, scented candles, mood lighting, etc; that make me feel calm and relaxed. My voice also gets lower briefly in the morning right after I wake up!

Sunghoon: Before figure skating, I did all kinds of skating, such as inline, hockey and short track.

Jungwon: You might think I’m always the cute or quiet one, but I can also be the moodmaker of the group sometimes.

Jeff Benjamin While it may be uncertain when you can see each other in person, can you share a message to your fans around the world who are waiting to meet you?

Heeseung: I’ll communicate with you more often through our global fan community Weverse and social media channels. Please wait for us. We love you!

Jay: First off, I'd like to thank all the fans who have already been showing us so much love. We’ll keep growing together as ENHYPEN. We’re working on our debut album, so please look forward to it!!

Jake: To all our fans who support us, I thank you and love you. As I mentioned when selected to be a debut member, I won’t lose sight of my passions and give back to fans with great performances for as long as I can. Stay tuned for our debut album. Trust me, you won't regret it!

Sunghoon: Thank you so much for your love and affection! Despite uncertainties, I firmly believe that we’ll be able to meet in person soon. I’ll continue to interact with you with fun content on our social channels, so please look forward to it!

Sunoo: To all our global fans who are always by our side: I want to meet you as soon as possible. I’m grateful that I can interact with you and experience your love and support through our social channels. ENHYPEN hopes to wow you all when we finally get to meet in person. Please keep an eye on me. Thank you again!

Jungwon: ENHYPEN is currently doing a lot to prepare for our debut. All of us are currently giving our all and looking forward to delivering a superb album as well as performances. Get ready to meet us!

Ni-ki: I really want to show you our quality performances once this situation gets better. I can’t wait for the day to have a live concert and show you what we have prepared.A Black Veil Brides T-shirt adorns K-pop star Lisa of Blackpink in the South Korean girl group's new music video for "Lovesick Girls." Does this mean the K-pop act are big fans of the Andy Biersack-led rock band?

That might be the case. A hawk-eyed listener recently spotted the Black Veil Brides top in the Blackpink clip that emerged last week. Pointing out the bit of synchronicity on Twitter, the user by the name of Chris M. appeared shocked that such a garment would grace the K-pop group member.

Watch the music video, which premiered on Oct. 1 and has already amassed nearly 114 million views, down toward the bottom of this post.

"Holy shit," the listener declared, "Lisa from @BLACKPINK is wearing a @blackveilbrides shirt in their new music video!!" In the same tweet, Chris M. tagged Black Veil Brides members Biersack, Jinxx, Jake Pitts, Christian "CC" Coma and Lonny Eagleton, along with Biersack's father, Chris Biersack.

The elder Biersack got the message, and he replied by offering a few other examples of K-pop stars showing their love for Black Veil Brides. While displaying a photo of another South Korean pop star donning a Brides T-shirt, the rockin' dad explained that the musical appreciation goes both ways.

"K Pop's finest, including G-Dragon from BIGBANG, know a bad ass rock band when they see one," Chris illustrated. "I hear that members of BTS love BVB, too. The feeling is mutual from BVB towards these groups. We need more of this kind of love from musicians all over the world, towards one another."

Of course, rock band T-shirts often crop up as mere fashion tokens, with the wearer knowing little about the artist they're sporting on their chest. But we have a feeling that Lisa and Blackpink aren't just giving lip service by repping Black Veil Brides. What do you think?When South Korean singer Rain posted on social media on Monday (Oct 19) that he would be making an announcement the following day, fans began to speculate if he would be launching a new album or even having a third child.

He had written that he would be making a "small announcement" at noon in South Korea on Tuesday.

Rain, 38, is married to actress Kim Tae-hee, 40, and they have two daughters.

On Tuesday, he announced the latest artist who will be joining his namesake company.

Rain, whose real name is Jung Ji-hoon, wrote: "Hello, let me introduce Rain Company's first actor Oh Ye-ju. She is 17 years old and has been practising hard every day. Please give her lots of attention and love."

Several photos of Oh accompanied the post.

Rain debuted at 16 as a member of boy band Fanclub before he went solo in 2002 with the album Bad Guy. He went on to become one of the biggest stars in the world of K-pop.

He has also starred in South Korean dramas such as Full House (2004), The Fugitive: Plan B (2010) and My Lovely Girl (2014). His movie credits include American action film Ninja Assassin (2009) and Chinese romantic movie For Love Or Money (2014).The idea is that while putting together the craft project, fans (called Carats) can use the time to ditch their screens and the other distractions that bombard them every day, and take a moment for themselves — a moment of quiet meditation, and most importantly, creation. In these turbulent times, feeling disconnected can easily lead to overcorrecting. We glue ourselves to social media, phone calls, and Zoom meetings, thinking that is the only way to feel close to the ones we love. But Seventeen offer a different point of view — gifting someone time to themselves, as well as the tools to create something meaningful, fosters an even more intimate connection.One of South Korea’s most popular singers is under pressure to give up her career after owning up to a furious verbal assault on a stylist.

Even her own fans are demanding the resignation of Bae Joo-hyun, known by the stage name Irene, from the girl band Red Velvet.

The incident was revealed last week in an Instagram post by Kang Kook-hwa, who said that she was “completely stampeded upon and bullied by one person”. She wrote: “The 20 minutes in the unfamiliar room was like hell. No hellos exchanged, shouting in my face with her phone in hand pointing her fingers while I stood and she sat in a chair, blurting out the words. Tears flooded out of my eyes . . . WhyDo we have the same biases and bias wreckers?A New Zealand choreographer has received thousands of death threats and homophobic abuse from K-pop fans all because they didn't like one of his dance routines.

Kiel Tutin, a high-profile Auckland-based choreographer, became a global trending topic on Twitter after fans of South Korean group Blackpink lashed out over their latest single, Lovesick girls.

The 24-year-old was subjected to thousands of vile messages, some of which said they hoped he would die.

In a heartbreaking video, Tutin said he opened Twitter to find "25,000 faceless accounts telling me to die".

Some of the messages took aim at his sexuality while others abused him for being white.

The openly gay choregrapher detailed some of the horrific abuse while calling out trolls for their disgusting messages.

"I opened Twitter to see thousands and thousands of messages saying [the choreography] sucks, obviously insults, and making fake images of me being racist and saying that I should die and death threats," he said.

"And whatever else the kids are doing these days.

"It's crazy to me that there's so many people that think that's okay and putting that much negativity out online."

Tutin defended the dance choreography, explaining only 20 per cent of his routine was used, while the group's Korean record label handled the rest.

"Which we've grown to accept with these K-pop companies because they'll contact multiple choreographers and they have in-house choreographers that change it and make their own decisions about what the artist should be doing."

Tutin used his video response to criticise K-pop fans who put artists on a pedestal before slamming them when they put a foot wrong.

"I just don't think it's wise putting people on such a high pedestal and then pushing down everyone around them. That's not the way to succeed," he said.

Tutin's work previously caught the eye of Jennifer Lopez and was asked to help choreograph Lopez's dancers for her 2018 Calibash performance.

Just weeks later he was producing more material for Lopez's Super Bowl Saturday performance.

The 24-year-old also previously choreographed for Jolin Tsai, "the Britney Spears of China".

Where to get help:
• 0800 543 354 (0800 LIFELINE) or free text 4357 (HELP) (available 24/7)
• https://www.lifeline.org.nz/services/suicide-crisis-helpline
• YOUTHLINE: 0800 376 633
• NEED TO TALK? Free call or text 1737 (available 24/7)
• KIDSLINE: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• WHATSUP: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• DEPRESSION HELPLINE: 0800 111 757 or TEXT 4202
• NATIONAL ANXIETY 24 HR HELPLINE: 0800 269 4389

If it is an emergency and you feel like you or someone else is at risk, call 111."We're just four girls from Korea, and it's unbelievable how much support people are giving us," the group tells PEOPLE as they celebrate the release of their debut album and upcoming Netflix documentary

While celebrating the release of their debut album, fittingly titled The Album, and gearing up for their first Netflix documentary, the Korean girl group tell PEOPLE they couldn't be more grateful for their massive success. "We want to thank our fans for how far we've come and for how much we've received," Jennie says. "The four of us started dreaming of sharing music to the world and creating something new for people to enjoy."

Since their 2016 debut, Jennie, 24, Jisoo, 25, Lisa, 23, and Rosé, 23, have amassed over 12 billion views on YouTube, had their songs streamed billions of times, and broken three Guinness World Records after racking up 86.3 million views in 24 hours with the music video for their hit, "How You Like That." They've also become the second-most subscribed artist on YouTube with 50.3 million subscribers, trailing only Justin Bieber.

Now the ladies have become the first Korean girl group to garner a Top 20 single in the U.S. and have caught the attention of idols-turned-collaborators Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez, Dua Lipa, and Cardi B. "It's just a dream come true," says Jennie. "Lady Gaga reached out to us saying how much she loves our music, and we were just like, 'What?! She knows who we are?!’ That's how mindblown we were. We're so lucky and we can't wait for more."

BLACKPINK kicked off their first world tour in 2019, and became the first female K-pop group to perform at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. "We didn't have any expectations [before we went onstage]," recalls Jennie about their doubts anyone would come to see them amidst the desert heat. "Like, be ready for 10 people." Try tens of thousands. "As soon as we went up, everybody started screaming. That's a feeling I don't think we could ever forget."

"We always dreamed of people listening to our music in this way ... We're just four girls from Korea, and it's unbelievable how much support people are giving us," admits Rosé. "When we would go to all these different regions on tour, having people sing our songs in Korean is amazing. All these different parts of the world are giving us love, and we're very grateful for that."

In the Netflix documentary BLACKPINK: Light Up the Sky, they get candid about the highs and lows of sudden fame. "We wanted to shoot something fans have been wanting to see," says Jennie. "By the end we actually took away so much ourselves."

"Having cameras there is not something we're very used to, but we were very happy to be able to share this point in our careers, because we do know that our fans are dying to see that part of us," continues Rosé.

The women first met 10 years ago as "trainees" at South Korean company YG Entertainment, a powerhouse record label and talent agency where young hopefuls take singing and dancing classes for up to 14 hours a day, seven days a week. The goal is to be placed in a K-pop recording group, and many never make it beyond the grueling process.

"I'd ask myself, 'Do you want to give up because it's not easy?'" recalls Jisoo in the film about being under years-long pressure. Their dedication and perseverance paid off, but the ride has only continued to speed up. "We grew into something we didn't even know was possible," says Rosé in the doc.

Though they're larger-than-life onstage, on off days they prefer to keep things low-key. "I hang out with my cats, watch Netflix and try to sleep as long as I can," says Lisa. "The best thing is 'Oh, the sun's going down? I just woke up.?!' It's the best kind of day off for us to wake up as late as we can," agrees Rosé.

The ladies admit they don't have time for dating ("We're just so caught up in work right now"), but their fans (passionately known as Blinks) will be happy to know they even love spending their time off as a group. "We've been together for like 10 years, so it's weird to not have each other around," reveals Jennie. "Even with the tiniest thing — like if I want to choose something to wear on a day out — we're just so used to asking each other for opinions. It's so natural for us to hang out."

What sets BLACKPINK apart from other K-pop acts is their unique individual backgrounds. While Jisoo was born and raised in South Korea, Jennie spent much of her childhood in New Zealand, Lisa calls Thailand home, and Rosé grew up in Australia. Amid their meteoric rise, the stars — who call themselves "sisters" – are leaning on their tight bond more than ever while embracing their differences.

"We want to take the responsibility of our achievements and make sure to bring something better or something new next time," adds Jennie. "You could keep going back to BLACKPINK's music because it can never bore you."REVIEW: One rabbit hole I’ve always been curious about, but never properly dived down, is K-pop.

You may have noticed; K-pop has hijacked mainstream music. They’ve saturated the market with saccharine pop like candy you can’t stop eating.

Blackpink’s The Album is an adrenalin-infused, 24-minute crash course in why K-pop is so popular. It compresses so many ideas into such a tiny space, you emerge the other side like you’ve been through a spin cycle.

Jennie from Blackpink lived in New Zealand when she first heard K- pop, and on her return home landed her dream role at the age of just 14. It’s big business, and aspects of it a deeply concerning. Performers are recruited young, thoroughly vetted, trained and scrupulously managed. Band members are combined to create maximum appeal with streamlined, programmed personalities.

READ MORE:

 * Welcome back to the weird and wonderful world of Sufjan Stevens

 * Why Alicia Keys' first album in five years is her most personal yet

 * Troy Kingi's Ghost of Freddy Cesar is his most flamboyant album to date

 * Selena Gomez and BLACKPINK's new song and music video will melt your 'Ice Cream'



The music is built by committee and road-tested for maximum profit, which is why it takes up so much chart space. Ice Cream featuring Selena Gomez was an early hit from this record, but they’ll be shooting for No.1 with Bet You Wanna with unstoppable force Cardi B.

All these songs barrage the senses, with hook-after-hook colliding together, like a cross between Ace Of Base and Migos, but in a good way.

Meanwhile, Shamir is a young artist from Las Vegas who continues to avoid cliché and definition. His 2015 debut Ratchet sounded like an underground party you weren’t invited to because you simply aren’t cool enough. A real bodice-ripper.

He’s prolific and keeps changing tack, but his latest album is self-titled, which I assume means he feels like he’s found his lane. Sometimes sounding rockabilly with a wild falsetto and sometimes synth pop with big ‘80s snares. Non-conventional chameleon blues has you experiencing the occasional double take, as you think, “is that the same singer as the last song”?

Roísín Murphy may not be a name you recognise, but you’ll be familiar with the Irish singer’s voice – at some point we’ve all heard 1998’s Sing It Back by Moloko. Murphy quietly punches out a solo record every few years, but on Roísín Machine, she delivers an epic serve of progressive disco proportions.

After 25 years in the game, she threads melodies and stitches beats effortlessly. There are traditional soulful choruses sometimes sung with diva-level drama, but she can also narrate a song with soft, sensual sweet nothings that lull you into the groove.

“I feel my story is still untold,” she seductively whispers on album opener Simulation, before mincing her way across the dancefloor over crisp hi-hats and solid, stompable basslines.Last year, JYP Entertainment – the company behind K-pop acts TWICE, GOT7, Wonder Girls and more – announced the arrival of a new girl group dubbed ITZY. The five-member team quickly gained attention among music fans with their debut single, “DALLA DALLA.” The music video broke records for the most views on YouTube in its first 24 hours for a K-pop debut. Last October, the members even appeared on the front row of Louis Vuitton’s Spring/Summer 2020 show. Now, following more popular releases over the last year, ITZY has made a grand comeback with their third EP, Not Shy.

One of the many reasons for ITZY’s success is the uplifting messages embedded in each of their songs. Rather than singing about unrequited love – perhaps one of the most common topics in K-pop songs – the group encourages fans to love themselves and stay confident for who they are. They’ve already toured around places from Jakarta to Taipei to Bangkok, as well as North American regions including Los Angeles and New York City just before COVID-19 hit – an impressive feat for a group that’s been in the industry for less than two years.

With their latest EP, ITZY is taking one step further in becoming the next K-pop group to dominate music charts. “Not Shy” marked their fastest music video to hit 100 million views, and nearly 150,000 copies of the new album were sold in just one week.

We caught up with Yeji, Ryujin, Chaeryeong, Lia and Yuna to talk about everything from their EP Not Shy, to hobbies they have picked up during quarantine. Read our interview below.

It’s been just over a year since your debut. How has the journey been as a group so far, and what are some of the most memorable moments?

Yeji The most memorable moment for me was our debut on stage. It was the first time that we performed together as ITZY, and it was also the first time that we met our fans MIDZY, who waited such a long time for us. I felt both excited and a bit nervous. I will never forget that moment.

What was the key inspiration behind your EP, Not Shy? What are your favorite tracks?

Ryujin Not Shy encourages listeners to express their feelings and emotions (including love), no matter how things will end. My favorite track on this album would have to be “Be In Love.” All of the songs are nice, of course, but it’s just that I personally enjoy calmer music. I always wanted to try and create a song like “Be In Love” and that’s why I love it the most.

How is the song “Not Shy” different from your previous releases, in terms of the music video, lyrics, choreography, outfits, makeup and hair?

Chaeryeong “Not Shy” is the first song since our debut where we talk about love. When I first heard this song, I was pleasantly surprised. “Not Shy” is about expressing your emotions honestly. The choreography was the hardest that we’ve ever performed, and it required a lot of strength and power. For this comeback, we changed our hairstyles and put a lot of emphasis on our makeup and costumes to match our personalities.

From “DALLA DALLA” to “WANNABE” and now “Not Shy,” most of your tracks have become major hits. What aspect of your music do you think entice K-pop listeners?

Lia I think most people listen to our music because they can empathize with and relate to our songs. Also, our songs always have upbeat energy, and I think the catchy melodies and lyrics are another charming aspect.

A lot of your tracks highlight the importance of self-love and confidence. What are some other messages you wish to deliver through your music?

Yeji We just want to give listeners the message of confidence, self-love and self-esteem because those things are at the core of everything. I think that being honest with your feelings comes from having trust in yourself. Until everyone can feel that way, we want to continue to deliver these messages.

Yuna I’m on the same page as Yeji. As we talk about confidence and self-love, we gain power and inspiration from our own songs, too.

What are some things you do to de-stress and keep your mental health in check?

Yuna I usually spend time with my loved ones. Spending time with my parents and cats helps me get rid of stress. Just taking a break for a while helps.

We’ve all been spending more time at home this year. What are some new hobbies or interests you’ve picked up?

Chaeryeong I started doing my nails by myself at home. At first, it was just temporary, but it became so much fun for me. Maybe I’ll do my own nails more often from now on.

Who are some musicians that you look up to?

Lia Personally, I look up to Sunmi. I think the meanings of the songs and the expression she shows on stage is amazing. I really respect her performances and the planning that goes behind them.

What are some songs or artists you’ve been listening to lately?

Ryujin HONNE‘s “No Song Without You.” Since I’m a big fan of HONNE, I always listen to their new releases. This track is my favorite right now.If you've been following along with our TikTok Challenge Challenge series, you'd now that majority of the K-Pop groups—*ahem* girl groups—we've had have absolutely crushed our game. When CLC came to play, they totally dominated. And TWICE also shocked us with their quick, on point dance skills. So, on that note, we can only assume that this challenge will be a piece of cake for our latest contestants aka the members of Loona because...who run the world?? 😏

Heads up: There are 11 people who make up the group, so it was quite the competition! To start it all off, Heejin went up first and was given a more complicated dance routine from le Tok. Think of the Savage choreo times 1000, LOL. We had Hyunlin, our next competitor, doing an easier one and obviously she perfected it. Yeojin was a lil intimidated when she saw her assigned choreo, but she didn't let it stop her from trying her best! TBH, I thought she did well—especially for only having one minute to learn it.

This content is imported from {embed-name}. You may be able to find the same content in another format, or you may be able to find more information, at their web site.

Watch the rest to see how Vivi, Kim Lip, JinSoul, Choerry, Yves, Chuu, Go Won, and Olivia Hye did and who the group voted as the winner! Don't forget to listen to their new album, 12:00 out now.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.ioK-pop has been gaining a huge following in the U.S. in the past few years. BTS has been leading the way and becoming more mainstream every day. As such, it seems likely that another group could soon find success with the American public as well. While no one can predict the future, here are a few boy groups that seem poised to take over the U.S. next.

RELATED: SEVENTEEN’s Manager Once Revealed What It’s Like to Take Care of Such a Large Group

SEVENTEEN debuted in 2015 and has been extremely successful in South Korea, with many popular songs such as “Pretty U,” “Don’t Wanna Cry,” “Home,” and “Left & Right.”

SEVENTEEN has also found success in Japan and Southeast Asia. The group has been expanding into the U.S. and Europe as well. Before COVID-19 hit, they performed three shows in the U.S. on their world tour.

With 13 members, some might argue that SEVENTEEN is too big for the American public to take in. However, the members can often split into smaller sub-units. Plus, there are two fluent English speakers in the group.

NCT 127 is a part of the larger NCT unit with 21 members. NCT 127 contains 10 members—three of whom speak English fluently.

Since 2018, the group has been promoting diligently in the U.S., even releasing English versions of their Korean songs. They have appeared on various American talk shows and had a North American tour with stops in several big cities.

RELATED: How the Friendship in SuperM Has Grown Since the Group Debuted

SuperM is from SM Entertainment, one of the biggest and most influential entertainment companies in South Korea. NCT 127 is also from the same company.

SuperM is quite different from your average K-pop group, however. The members are all from several already-established groups under SM, including two members from NCT 127. They have been described as the Avengers of K-pop.

Since the beginning, SuperM has been completely focused on getting attention internationally. The group rarely charts in South Korea and has only performed in North America and Europe. As such, they are one of the rare K-pop groups around who were specifically made for Western audiences.

Ateez debuted in 2018 and has since found a huge following in Western countries. They are extremely popular among international K-pop fans and have toured in Europe, North America, and Australia. In fact has only been recently that Ateez managed to gain more success in South Korea.

Ateez makes music that is rather internationally-friendly, which explains their large fan base abroad. Additionally, while they currently do not have fluent English speakers, some members can still handle English interviews quite well.

RELATED: Fans Think BTS and K-Pop Artists Deserve More Respect in America

Stray Kids debuted in 2018 after being formed on the reality show with the same name. They have found decent success in South Korea, but their hard-hitting, hip-hop sound has also made them very popular with international fans. Stray Kids have toured in North America, Europe, and Southeast Asia.

Perhaps what makes Stray Kids appealing on the international stage is also the fact that they have four English speakers—two of whom are from Australia.For the longest time, I couldn’t get into K-pop. Like the dumb, monolingual American that I am, I was wary of the language barrier, I guess. I like understanding music and being able to sing along, so how would I fall in love with an artist if I didn’t know what they were saying? Well, watching the new Netflix documentary about mega-famous K-pop girl group Blackpink proved just how closed-minded I was acting. Call me a “Blink,” because I’m now officially a stan.

The film, directed by Caroline Suh (Salt Fat Acid Heat), humanizes the four performers that make up Blackpink, introducing viewers to the young women behind the “idols” and centering their friendship as the bedrock of their success. It’s also a tantalizingly glamorous peek at what life is like when you’re adored by an international fandom of millions. Blackpink: Light Up the Sky is like a backstage pass for fans of the girl group, offering a glimpse at the day-to-day existence of four artists on the precipice of global superstardom.

On one hand, the fact that I fell so completely in love with Blackpink after watching their Netflix documentary proves what a successful film Suh made. Once I was inducted into the fandom, I realized that the things that endeared Jennie, Rosé, Jisoo, and Lisa to me are the same aspects that make their army of “Blinks” so obsessed. Whereas Blackpink can seem like a bit of a monolith at first blush — the four women are almost the exact same size and shape, all performing the same complex choreography in perfect sync — Blackpink: Light Up the Sky presents each singer as an individual, giving them a platform to tell their own unique stories.

The documentary splices intimate interviews with each member with on-the-go, fly-on-the-wall footage chronicling the group’s preparations for their de-facto North American coming-out party — their 2019 performance at Coachella. K-pop newbies, especially, are introduced to Blackpink’s international composition: Rosé grew up in New Zealand and Lisa is Thai, whereas Jisoo and Jennie were both born and raised in South Korea. Each performer has their own unique talents and personal style that separates them from their peers, too. Lisa is the rapper and de-facto dance captain, whereas Rosé spends her downtime writing songs, for example. By focusing on the women as individuals, Suh lets their personalities emerge from the K-pop industrial complex. Blackpink’s music is catchy as heck, but I’m not sure I could’ve gotten as fully into the group without supplementary information about its members.

This all makes sense in an age when influencers rule pop culture, right? Rosé, Jennie, Lisa, and Jisoo were each chosen to be in Blackpink because they’re talented performers. But the documentary makes it clear that these four women brought something else to the table — something intangible and aspirational. Melody Kim, a community manager at K-pop fansite Soompi, explained the ideal dynamic to The New Yorker in 2012: “The members of a group shouldn’t be completely alike and indistinguishable, but they should be complementary enough so that together they form a really great, cohesive whole.”

We don’t get to see the messy, early days of Blackpink in the documentary, when there were upwards of nine hopefuls all vying for a spot in the girl group. Rather, they’re presented to us as a fully-formed unit — a tight-knit sisterhood that’d be incomplete without one of its members. To that point, Blackpink: Light Up the Sky isn’t at all critical of the K-pop corporate machine that grooms young kids into pop stars. On average, the members of Blackpink spent five years enrolled in K-pop bootcamp, learning the skills they’d need to become international sensations. But the documentary frames the grueling time the members of Blackpink spent as trainees as a necessary gatekeeping process, to separate the cream from the milk, so to speak.

That’s the thing about Blackpink, and K-pop generally, that I can’t quite get over: knowing that entertainment was engineered to be popular makes me feel like I’m being duped somehow. But on the flip side, K-pop isn’t much different from the tunes cranked out by American record labels in the late 1990s and early 2000s, when they’d send the likes of Britney Spears to Sweden to cut tracks with hit-making producers there. All I know for sure is that I’ve willingly spent the last five days of my life obsessively watching Blackpink videos on YouTube. And you know what? I’m really not mad about it.Jessica Jung’s book Shine is an #ownvoices novel in which the author shares an identity with her protagonist in more ways than one. Not only are Jessica Jung and her protagonist Rachel both Korean-American, but both moved to Korea to pursue a career in entertainment. A successful actress, singer and fashion designer, Jessica Jung has now added the title of “author” to her list of achievements with the release of her debut novel Shine. Partly influenced by her own life, Jessica Jung draws from her 13 years of experience in the industry to peel back the curtain on all the hard work and strict rules that contribute to becoming successful as a K-pop star—rules like no dating, no social media, and strict dieting.

The novel begins six years after Rachel Kim has been recruited by DB Entertainment, one of the largest companies in the field, and is training to become a K-pop star. But the world Rachel is thrust into is much more cutthroat than it originally seems. The competition between trainees for the chance to debut pushes them to aim for perfection in every way, and they don’t always play nice. As Rachel learns to balance her dreams of K-pop success with her disillusionment of the shiny entertainment world, she struggles to maintain her authentic sense of self. And when her efforts are challenged by the temptation to bend the “no dating” rule for the charming Jason Lee, the stakes become all the more clear for both Rachel and the readers following her journey. How do you maintain your sense of authentic self when you’re always being expected to perform? How do you work to assert your own values in the face of such powerful forces?

Rachel’s complex relationships with her family also show the sacrifices they have made in being supportive of her success and how their sacrifices increase the pressure she feels to debut. The complicated relationship Rachel has with her mother is strained by the need to protect her daughter from the pressures to achieve success within the industry. I appreciated Rachel’s wholesome relationship with her sister Leah and the complex development of her parent’s characters as well.

As Jessica Jung pulls back the curtain on the industry, the darker side of stardom comes into focus. For example, in exposing the double standards between how women and men are treated in the entertainment industry—such as the kinds of questions they are asked in interviews, the criticisms people make of female celebrities compared to their comments regarding male celebrities, and the extent of repercussions for female idols breaking the rules compared to male idols.

The writing itself is well-balanced with a strong sense of voice that lends itself well to Rachel’s character development, and the details and immersive imagery draw readers deeper into the story. There are some classic tropes and a sprinkle of instalove to get the romance train going, but there are also more organic moments as the novel goes on. While being entertaining and fast-paced, there are also some intensely powerful lines in the book that urge audiences to push deeper and think beyond the surface. Jessica Jung explores various experiences through the struggles that different characters face to portray diverse experiences within the industry, while also using those experiences as a lens into the larger picture.

The book is listed as the first in a series, though it would be good as a standalone novel if the ending was adjusted to match that intention. However, I will be looking out for the release of the sequel. If you are wary of books written by celebrities (and rightfully so), then this is the book to take a chance on. Shine is a read that balances a critical perspective with a fun story, and does it well, especially for a debut novel.By clicking ‘Sign up’, you agree to receive marketing emails from Business Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyLe label musical du groupe de K-pop coréen, BTS, est désormais coté en bourse. Son titre a rapidement doublé sa valeur. Ce succès était attendu, puisque la tranche d’actions proposées aux investisseurs ordinaires – par opposition aux investisseurs institutionnels – avait été sursouscrite plus de 600 fois avant la première cotation jeudi.

BTS (abréviation de Bangtan Sonyeondan, qui signifie «Boy scouts résistants aux balles») est à l’heure actuelle un des plus grands phénomènes musicaux au monde et génère des milliards de dollars de revenus pour l’économie sud-coréenne.

Le groupe a encore assis en août sa position sur le premier marché musical de la planète quand son nouveau tube «Dynamite» s’est positionné en tête des hits aux Etats-Unis dès sa sortie.

Le label de BTS, Big Hit Entertainment, avait décidé d’un prix d’introduction de 135 000 won (107 francs) par action, soit le montant le plus élevé de sa fourchette indicative de prix. Mais quelques minutes après la cotation, jeudi, l’action avait déjà atteint sa valeur quotidienne maximale autorisée, 351 000 won.

Une bulle vouée à se dégonfler?

Le titre a par la suite reculé, mais le label atteignait néanmoins une capitalisation boursière de 10 000 milliards de won (7,9 milliards de francs), plaçant la société dans le groupe des 40 plus grosses valorisations de Corée du Sud.

Le fondateur et président de Big Hit, Bang Si-hyuk, qui conserve une participation de plus de 36% dans l’entreprise, pesait 3,3 milliards d’euros (3,5 milliards de francs) au plus haut atteint par le titre, selon Bloomberg News.

Lors d’un événement organisé pour le début de la cotation, il a remercié «tous les fans qui ont toujours adoré et cru dans les artistes et les productions de Big Hit» et «nos remarquables artistes dont nous sommes si fiers».

L’entrée en Bourse fait également les affaires des sept de BTS, Bang Si-hyuk ayant donné à chacun d’eux plus de 68 000 actions en août, soit 1,4% de la société, pour une valeur d’environ 17 millions d’euros (18,2 milliard de francs) au cours le plus haut.

«En prenant en compte toutes les informations désormais disponibles sur l’entreprise, il se peut que le prix d’introduction soit le cours le plus bas qu’on verra jamais», a déclaré à l’AFP Park Sung-ho, de Yuanta Securities.

Certains actionnaires ont décidé de prendre d’emblées leurs bénéfices. «J’avais reçu deux actions que j’ai revendues. Avec 260 000 won (193 euros) de bénéfice, je vais m’acheter un manteau pour l’hiver», disait un internaute sur Naver, premier portail internet sud-coréen. D’autres s’inquiétaient d’une bulle vouée à se dégonfler: «Cela monte rapidement, et cela retombera bientôt rapidement», pronostiquait un internaute.

Service militaire pour les membres du groupe

D’autant que l’avenir réserve à court terme un obstacle a priori incontournable pour Big Hit: le service militaire que les sept membres du Boys Band créé en 2013 devront réaliser. Tout homme apte doit en effet passer généralement 18 mois sous les drapeaux, dans un pays confronté à la menace nord-coréenne.

Ainsi Kim Seok-jin, 27 ans, dont le nom de scène est Jin, devra en l’état actuel des règles entamer son service fin 2021. Nés entre 1993 et 1997, les six autres seront appelés dans les années qui suivent. Le débat fait actuellement rage pour savoir si les stars comme BTS ne devraient pas bénéficier d’exemptions du fait de leur rôle dans le rayonnement culturel de la Corée du Sud, sans parler de leur impact économique.

Lire également: La K-pop part à l'assaut de la Corée du Nord

Mais aucune vedette de la K-pop n’a jamais été réformée pour cette raison. L’incapacité de BTS à assurer ses concerts constituerait un revers pour les finances de Big Hit, qui a tiré l’an passé 97% de son chiffre d’affaires du groupe, selon les documents rendus publics lors de l’entrée en Bourse.

Le tube «Dynamite» pourrait à lui seul générer plus de 1,4 milliard de dollars pour l’économie sud-coréenne et des milliers de nouveaux emplois, selon une étude gouvernementale publiée en septembre.

Big Hit a reconnu que l’absence programmée des membres de BTS était un «risque». Mais le label compte sur la vente de produits qui n’impliquent pas la participation directe des sept pour encaisser le choc. Il a toutefois concédé que le temps que les sept passeront hors des feux de la rampe et loin des caméras «pourrait avoir un impact négatif sur la profitabilité et la croissance de la société».K-pop girl group Red Velvet are facing an uncertain future with member Irene under pressure to leave the group due to a bullying scandal involving a stylist.

Debuting in 2014 and known for their stand-out musicality, the quintet have been inactive for most of 2020 since member Wendy was injured during a live performance last December. With Wendy recently returning to the industry following her recovery, Red Velvet were expected to release new music before the end of the year.

But earlier this month, member Irene was called out for verbally abusing a stylist during a photoshoot, resulting in other industry insiders taking to social media to share their experiences with the allegedly volatile singer.

Irene, who most recently released the mini-album Monster in June as a duo with fellow Red Velvet member Seulgi, apologised on social media after the incident and to the individual in person, but her reputation has been damaged and there are calls for her to leave the act.

“I sincerely apologise for hurting the stylist with my foolish attitude and indiscreet words and acts,” she posted on Instagram. “As I looked back, I was ashamed of myself and once again felt how precious our staff members are. From now on, I will be more cautious to prevent another incident like this.” She also reportedly met the stylist to apologise in person.

While the biggest stars can be brought down by even a brief meltdown, in K-pop it’s rare for stories of stars’ misbehaviour to emerge from the industry itself.

The growing controversy over Irene’s actions comes as South Korea comes to terms with the phenomenon known as gapjil, or what former Agence France-Presse Seoul correspondent Hawon Jung describes as “abusing [or] bullying others using one’s social hierarchy and power”.

Jung, who is writing a book about the #MeToo movement in South Korea, believes that much of the anger towards Irene stems from the country’s reckoning with gapjil.

“Regardless of the veracity of the claim against her, or the severity of this particular case, the public sees this as part of a pattern of abuse by those in the power that has become a big issue in the country in recent years,” says Jung.

Red Velvet’s reputation as a mainstay of the K-pop world now seems at risk. Known for hits such as Psycho, Dumb Dumb and Red Flavor, Red Velvet have become one of South Korea’s biggest girl groups, with members not only focusing on music but also becoming popular television personalities and actors.

Apart from the calls for Irene to step out of the spotlight, Red Velvet’s management company, SM Entertainment, recently announced the launch of upcoming girl group Aespa, which some see as an attempt to divert attention away from the growing controversy over Irene.

In South Korea, stars – especially members of boy bands and girl groups – are typically expected to maintain a wholesome image. Women, in particular, are held to a high standard, with female K-pop stars often taken to task for lesser controversies than male artists.

Men often find it easier to return to the industry after a scandal, even if they face legal consequences. For example, singer-actor Kim Hyun-joong has faced a string of legal issues since 2014 but released a new album this month.

“Even if [Irene] was a man, she would face [a] certain level of public outrage and calls for a boycott because any perceived gapjil can easily touch a raw nerve in South Korea – where many people have personal experiences of falling victim to gapjil in their daily lives,” says Jung. “But the question is not about whether there will be public outrage, but how long the public anger will last, how intense it will be, and how much damage it will bring to one’s career.”

The Irene controversy has blown up in South Korean media, with one major business newspaper even running an article on how an app determined that Irene’s physiognomy, or facial features, revealed an apparently aggressive and reckless personality.

But in the past, those very same facial features led to Irene being dubbed the “visual” of Red Velvet, the member whose appearance is considered one of her most important assets.

Jung links the backlash against Irene to the lack of dominant women in South Korean workplaces. According to the research for her book, 70 per cent of South Korea’s listed companies do not have a single woman in their boardrooms. Societal pressures result in many women being unable to find work or having to accept sexual harassment in the workplace, while being unable to progress in their careers if they want to have families.

For now, Jung believes it’s hard to say whether the Irene controversy will spell the end for Red Velvet or whether she will be given another chance.

“I don’t know how this will play out, or how it will affect [Irene’s] career, but for me, the whole media brouhaha about her perceived gapjil seems to indicate that the media apply far more unforgiving moral standards to female stars than male stars – like they have always done,” says Jung.

This article was first published in South China Morning Post.Korean Pop atau K-pop hingga 2020 ini masih membuat demam seluruh dunia. Dengan musik dan tarian yang enerjik, K-pop mampu menyihir jutaan orang di dunia.

Grup musik asal Korea Selatan ini pertama kali muncul pada 1992. Ada sebuah grup bernama Seo Taiji and Boys yang memulai debut dan mengubah industri musik di Korea Selatan.

Mengutip seoulz.com disebutkan dari sekian banyak grup musik yang ada di Korsel. Hanya segelintir yang berhasil menjadi ikon. Hal ini karena dibutuhkan bakat dan potensi besar untuk memiliki mesin uang di industri hiburan Korea Selatan.

Banyak anggota boyband dan girlband yang memiliki penghasilan tinggi dan harta yang berlimpah. Sebenarnya dari mana saja ya mereka bisa mendapatkan harta tersebut?

Biasanya saat memulai debut, agency akan memberikan gaji untuk para anggota band ini. Kemudian dukungan dari para fans sampai investasi.

Yes investasi! Anggota band K-pop ini juga kerap kali investasi lho biasanya mereka menjadi investor di sebuah bisnis atau menanamkan modal di real estate. Selain itu aset yang memang sudah dimiliki sebelumnya dan seberapa besar pengaruh mereka untuk media sosial.

Periode 2019/2020 ini BLACKPINK dan BTS merupakan dua grup vokal yang mencatatkan kekayaan bersih terbesar dibandingkan grup lainnya.

Namun memang ada banyak hal yang harus dilakukan oleh anggota mereka. Mulai dari anggota BLACKPINK yang harus memiliki karir solo yang sukses, hingga anggota BTS yang harus mengikuti wajib militer.

Pada 2018 saja regulator pengawas keuangan Korea Selatan mencatat keempat agency seperti Big Hit Entertainment, SM Entertainment, JYP Entertainment dan YG Entertainment mampu mengumpulkan pendapatan hingga US$ 1 miliar atau setara dengan Rp 14,6 triliun dengan asumsi kurs Rp 14.600.

Saat itu SM Entertainment menghasilkan pendapatan paling besar sekitar US$ 518 juta, kemudian YG Entertainment US$ 243 juta. Big Hit kala itu masih menduduki posisi ketiga dengan pendapatan sekitar US$ 192. juta dan terakhir JYP berada di posisi keempat dengan penghasilan sekitar US$ 107 juta.

Mengutip Statista, walaupun berada di posisi ketiga, Big Hit merupakan agency yang mencatatkan keuntungan terbesar dari dua band yang mereka bina. Keuntungan yang dikantongi sekitar US$ 67 juta, SM Entertainment US$ 44 juta, JYP Entertainment US$ 25 juta dan YG Entertainment US$ 10 juta.1. What's the first piece of music that you bought for yourself, and what was the medium? WONWOO: I think it was Seventeen's very first album. 2. What was the first concert you saw? 3. Who made you realize you could be an artist full-time? JUN: Jam Hsiao. I've followed his career for many years since his debut. I've learned a lot by watching his growth from his early days into the incredible artist he is today. WOOZI: Myself – regardless of odds, my younger self worked hard and continued to make progress over the years. I came to realize that it was me who made it work. 4. What's at the top of your professional bucket list? DINO: To achieve big success with each and every Seventeen album. 5. How did your hometown/city shape who you are? MINGYU: I don't specifically know how it may have affected me, but I'm pretty sure I'm somehow unknowingly influenced by it.

6. What's the last song you listened to? 7. If you could see any artist in concert, dead or alive, who would it be? JOSHUA: It would definitely be Tupac. 8. What's the craziest thing you've seen happen in the crowd of one of your shows? WONWOO: Energy emitted through the eyes of the audience completely differs as the song we sing on stage changes. It's incredibly interesting. 9. How has the pandemic affected the way you've created music in 2020? WOOZI: Our voices and lyrics of encouragement were expressed more sincerely in our music. 10. What was your reaction to the success of your Heng:garæ EP? VERNON: It was unbelievable when we first achieved the "million-seller" title with our last album Heng:garæ. I had mixed emotions, knowing that we were loved by so many of our Carats. I also realized that we'd matured over time and come a long way. 11. How would you describe the evolution of your production over the course of the group's career? HOSHI: Now I can communicate more effectively and fluidly with the staff regarding any improvements needed from the last album. 12. How has the group bonded during what's been a wild 2020? SEUNGKWAN: Prior to returning with our album Heng:garæ, all of us spent a whole day relaxing and chilling together. It was such a happy moment that I'd love to enjoy again in the future.

13. How did Joshua and DK end up on a remix of Pink Sweat$'s "17," and what was that experience like? JOSHUA: It was such an honor to collaborate with an amazing artist like Pink Sweat$. DK's cover of "Honesty" was an important turning point for this collaboration. Thanks to our amazing Carats and their support, the video was able to garner a lot of attention, which led Pink to come across the cover and reach out to us. We made great memories and had a lot of fun during the collaborative process. It was especially memorable for me, because this was my first time recording with another artist. DK: Given that I'm a big fan of Pink Sweat$'s music, it's such a great pleasure to be able to work on a track together. We got to converse with Pink about many different subjects through video chat. We shared many thoughts with each other. I feel that I've gotten to really know him and that he's a truly great person. Even more so after our conversation, I hope our song will be able to deliver happiness and cheerful vibes all around to our listeners. 14. What can fans expect from Seventeen's new album? S.COUPS: Through this special album, we hope to demonstrate Seventeen as a group that has no limits and can't be described in just a few words. I hope the audience will be able to feel the limitless potential of the group and know that we are always up for a challenge. We think this album possesses a vibe like no other and still gives feeling like Seventeen despite incorporating many new aspects we are showcasing for the first time. As always, Seventeen has prepared creative and energetic performances, so we hope you'll enjoy it. 15. It's been a massive year for the global expansion of K-pop. How does it feel to see so many K-pop songs, albums and artists setting records? MINGYU: These phenomena made me realize that K-pop is being loved worldwide, and that the power of music is truly insurmountable. It makes me very happy that people are able to communicate with one another through music, regardless of genres.I'm not sure exactly how big the Venn diagram of K-pop fans and lovers of Big Hero 6: The Series really is, but if you're one of the people who fall at the center of those circles, you're going to love this. The next episode of the Disney XD animated series is going to introduce its own K-pop band, which will be fronted by a pair of actual K-pop stars, and we've got the first chance to see, and more importantly, hear, that band. It will be called 4 2 Sing and it's brought to life thanks to Jae Park of DAY6 and Nichkhun of 2PM. Give it a listen in the video above.TWICE release 'I Can't Stop Me' from 'Eyes Wide Open', fans hail artistic music videoDer 24. Mai 2019 war ein milder Frühsommertag in Berlin. Bei Temperaturen über 20 Grad ließ es sich angenehm draußen sitzen in einem Burger-Restaurant in Prenzlauer Berg. Auf der anderen Straßenseite reihte sich derweil eine Menschenschlange auf, die sich bald um den ganzen Block zog. Neben aufgeregten Teenie-Kids - meist Mädchen - warteten auch viele Eltern.

Bei manch einem Vater mündete die Solidarität mit dem Nachwuchs sogar darin, dass er sich selbst ein T-Shirt mit dem Logo der Gruppe übergestreift hatte, die gleich in der nahen Max-Schmeling-Halle auftreten sollte. Im Burger-Laden dagegen nur fragende Gesichter: Blackpink? Nie gehört. Kurz darauf wummerten dröhnende Bässe über die Straße, wie man sie dort selten hört.

Blackpink machten auf ihrer ersten Welttournee Halt in Berlin, kaum drei Jahre nach ihrer Gründung. Die rasante Entwicklung des Quartetts dokumentiert nun die Netflix-Eigenproduktion "Blackpink: Light Up the Sky". Hinter der Gruppe liegt ein rasanter Aufstieg, gerade stellte sie mit ihrem neuen Longplayer "The Album" einen neuen Verkaufsrekord auf. Sie gastierte in den US-Late-Night-Shows von James Corden und Stephen Colbert und trat als erste südkoreanische Band beim kalifornischen Coachella-Festival auf.

Blackpink singen auf Koreanisch und Englisch, streuen hier und da kurze Rap-Parts ein, tanzen in ausgefeilten Choreografien zu perfekt ausproduzierten, auf Dauer aber etwas eintönigen Hochglanzbeats. Jennie, Lisa, Jisoo und Rosé haben gute Stimmen, beherrschen Instrumente, die in ihren Hits gar nicht vorkommen.

Dahinter steckt ein extrem harter Werdegang, der im Netflix-Film nur oberflächlich thematisiert wird: Jahrelang trainierten die Sängerinnen mit anderen jungen Mädchen im Programm des Unterhaltungskonzerns YG Entertainment, der für seine Plattenfirma am Reißbrett eine neue Girlgroup zusammenstellen will. Dutzende Mädchen bereiteten sich hier mit 14 Stunden Training am Tag kräftezehrend auf eine mögliche Karriere vor - als würden sie an den Olympischen Spielen teilnehmen.

Im Mittelpunkt der Doku stehen vier junge Frauen zwischen 23 und 25 Jahren, für die sich die langwierige Vorbereitung ausgezahlt hat. Im Schatten bleiben diejenigen, die dem knallharten Auswahlprozess nicht standhalten.

Viele, die schon als Jugendliche mit dem Traum vom Ruhm in die Akademien kommen, dafür die Schule abbrechen und Freunde und Familien zurücklassen, bleiben auf der Strecke - weil das Talent nicht reicht. Schlimmstenfalls sind sie versehen mit dem Makel, es nicht geschafft zu haben.

Vom Training bis zum fertigen Produkt ist im K-Pop alles komplett durchorchestriert. Nach ihrer Zusammenstellung präsentiert sich die neue Girl-Band 2016 mit einem Showcase schüchtern der südkoreanischen Presse. Vier Jahre später haben die vier jungen Frauen bereits eine Welttournee hinter sich.

Zu diesem Zeitpunkt haben sie mit Weltstar Lady Gaga den Erfolgsong "Sour Candy" aufgenommen und bereits ihr zweites eigenes Album veröffentlicht, auf dem Selena Gomez und Cardi B. als Gäste auftreten. Als Influencerinnen sind die Blackpink-Sängerinnen gefragte Werbegesichter für den Elektronikkonzern Samsung und Marken-Botschafterinnen für populäre Modelabels.

Ein ganz neues Phänomen ist K-Pop nicht. Entstanden ist er vor zwei Jahrzehnten. Und auch sein bislang größter Erfolg liegt schon ein paar Jahre zurück: 2012 gelang Psy mit "Gangnam Style" ein Welthit, dessen Video zwischenzeitlich das meistgesehene in der Geschichte von YouTube war.

Während es sich bei Psy international damit ausgetanzt hatte, soll es für Blackpink jetzt erst losgehen. Produzent Teddy Park, einst selbst erfolgreicher Rapper, formuliert das Ziel im Film recht klar: "Single, Erfolg, Single, Hit."

Kritische Einblicke gewährt die Doku nicht, wohl auch, weil Netflix mit YG Entertainment geschäftlich verbandelt ist und schon eine Serie mit ihnen produziert hat. Die Schattenseiten eines Lebens auf der Erfolgsspur passen ohnehin nicht zum blitzsauberen Image, mit dem die jungen K-Pop-Stars vermarktet werden: keine Skandale, kein Alkohol, keine Zigaretten, keine Tattoos.

Sandara Park, Mitglied der inzwischen aufgelösten Girlgroup 2NE1, berichtete kürzlich in einem Interview über ein fünfjähriges Datingverbot, dass YG ihr auferlegte, nachdem sie es nach jahrelanger Ausbildung in die Band geschafft hatte. Vor diesem Hintergrund hat der Titel der aktuellen Blackpink-Single eine gewisse Doppelbödigkeit: "Lovesick Girls" - liebeskranke Mädchen.

Ein Ausscheren aus dem vorgefertigten Rollenbild ist im K-Pop nicht vorgesehen. Die Stars werden perfekt inszeniert und sollen unberührt wirken. Sobald sie ausscheren und eine eigene Meinung äußern, die nicht den hohen moralischen Erwartungen in Südkorea entspricht, droht ihnen Mobbing in den sozialen Netzwerken.

Um Kontroversen zu vermeiden, halten sich die Stars zurück, auch politisch. Umso erstaunlicher war die Solidarisierung der Boygroup BTS mit der "Black Lives Matter"-Bewegung, verbunden mit einer Spende in Höhe von einer Million Dollar.

Auf manchen Künstlern lastete der Druck, ständig perfekt funktionieren zu müssen, so schwer, dass sie im Suizid den einzigen Ausweg sahen. Und so sauber, wie das Image der Stars poliert wird, geht es hinter den Kulissen der Strippenzieher nicht zu. 2019 geriet YG Entertainment mit Skandalen um Prostitution und Sex-Videos in die Schlagzeilen.

Tränen auf der Bühne? Freudentränen, klar!

"Blackpink: Light Up the Sky" ist eher ein langes Musikvideo als eine Doku, garniert mit harmlosen Interviewsequenzen und Aufnahmen aus dem Studio. Es bleibt offen, ob die Sängerinnen inzwischen Freundinnen sind oder lediglich eine kommerzielle Zweckgemeinschaft bilden.

Sind diese jungen Menschen glücklich? Als Rosé beim letzten Auftritt der Welttour auf der Bühne sagt, dass sie viel entbehren und lange von Zuhause weg sind und schließlich anfängt zu weinen, rufen die anderen schnell ins Mikrofon: "Freudentränen!" Na, klar...

Die Deutsche Welle berichtet zurückhaltend über das Thema Suizid, da es Hinweise darauf gibt, dass manche Formen der Berichterstattung zu Nachahmungsreaktionen führen können. Sollten Sie selbst Selbstmordgedanken hegen oder in einer emotionalen Notlage stecken, zögern Sie nicht, Hilfe zu suchen. Wo es Hilfe in Ihrem Land gibt, finden Sie unter der Website https://www.befrienders.org/ . In Deutschland hilft Ihnen die Telefonseelsorge unter den kostenfreien Nummern 0800/111 0 111 und 0800/111 0 222.A conexão entre o futebol brasileiro e o ritmo que tem ganhado cada vez mais fãs parece sem sentido, mas Corinthians e o K-pop estão presentes na vida de uma mesma pessoa. Cho Seung-youn foi atleta da base do timão recentemente foi um dos vencedores do reality show ‘Produce X 101″, que escolheu 11 jovens para integrar um grupo musical.

O jovem, de 22 anos, ficou em quinto lugar na escolha do público e será um dos selecionados do conjunto que será chamado de “X1”.

Antes de brilhar no palcos, o sul-coreano tinha o sonho de ser jogador de futebol. Ele veio para o Brasil na esperança de realizar o desejo de ser atleta profissional e chegou a defender o timão. Conforme apuração do UOL, o clube disse ter recebido jovens coreanos na base, antes da inauguração do CT Joaquim Granva, em 2010.

“Eu queria ter sucesso no futebol e joguei duro. Eu pulei e pulei, mas a saudade era inevitável”, contou o agora astro em entrevista ao site “Daum”.

“Uma vez eu queria ver um programa de K-pop e demorou praticamente um dia para fazer o download de apenas uma parte da transmissão por causa das más condições da internet local. Mas eu pude tolerar”.

Depois de desistir do futebol, o sul-coreano colocou como objetivo a carreira de cantor. Seung-youn precisou melhorar seu inglês e somente em 2014 conseguiu um chance no grupo “Uniq”. Só então, ele conseguiu visibilidade no cenário do ritmo musical. Agora, o jovem ganha mais uma chance de chegar no topo do K-pop no cenário mundial.Boyband atau girlband Korea Selatan pasti memiliki agensi yang menjadi tempat bernaung dan memulai debut di industri musik.

Ada nama-nama besar seperti SM Entertainment, Big Hit Entertainment hingga YG Entertainment yang mengasuh grup-grup vokal ini.

Berikut detikcom rangkum daftar agency dan pendapatannya yang bikin kaget:

Pada kuartal I 2020 total pendapatan SM Entertainment tercatat 144,7 miliar won atau setara dengan Rp 1,86 triliun dengan asumsi kurs Rp 12,84. SM Entertainment didirikan pada 1995 oleh Lee Soo Man.

Perusahaan ini awalnya agency casting, pelatihan, produksi hingga management system. Pada 1997 SM Entertainment menjadi perusahaan hiburan Korea Selatan pertama yang tembus ke pasar luar negeri.

SM Entertainment juga sukses menginjakkan kaki di Amerika Utara, Amerika Selatan hingga Eropa. Hingga saat ini total penonton di Youtube Channel SM Town mencapai 38,93 miliar dengan rata-rata penonton 1.000 akun per detik.

Big Hit Entertainment pada 2019 mencatatkan pendapatan 587,2 miliar won atau setara dengan Rp 7,54 triliun dengan asumsi kurs Rp 12,85. Mengutip Forbes perusahaan ini mencatatkan pertumbuhan 95% dibandingkan tahun 2018 sebesar 214 miliar won.

Agency yang dipimpin oleh Bang Si hyuk dan Lenzo Yoon ini juga mencatat laba operasional sebesar 98,7 miliar won yang merupakan peningkatan terbesar dari tahun ke tahun. Padahal tahun sebelumnya laba agency BTS ini hanya 64,1 miliar won.

Hal ini tak lepas dari BTS yang berhasil menjadi boy band terbesar di dunia dan mencapai puncak kesuksesan. Big Hit melaporkan jika album MAP OF THE SOUL : PERSONA sudah terjual sebanyak 3,72 juta kopi tahun lalu.

Kemudian film dengan pemutaran terbatas Love Yourself in Seoul berhasil meraup US$ 11,7 juta di seluruh dunia. Kemudian Bring the Soul: The Movie berhasil meraup US$ 24,3 juta di seluruh dunia.

Selain itu game ponsel bernama BT SWorld yang soundtracknya diisi oleh Juice WRLD, Charli XCX dan Zara Larsson berhasil merajai App Store di 25 negara kurang dari satu hari setelah diluncurkan. Game ini dibuat oleh Netmarble yang merupakan pemegang saham kedua di Big Hit.

Berdasarkan Korea Herald, tahun lalu BTS berhasil meraup 93,6 miliar won dari penjualan tiket di tur dunia Love Yourself: Speak Yourself pada Mei dan Juni 2019. Konser ini juga ditayangkan melalui VLIVE dan penontonnya dikenakan biaya US$ 28.

Periode 2019 YG Entertainment mencatatkan pendapatan 265 miliar won atau setara dengan Rp 3,4 triliun dengan asumsi kurs Rp 12,85.

YG adalah salah satu agensi terbesar di Korea Selatan. Agensi ini memanajeri Big Bang, Winner, iKon, Black Pink, Jinusean, 1TYM, SE7EN, 2NE1.

Mengutip Statista, pendapatan YG tercatat naik turun dari tahun ke tahun. Puncaknya terjadi pada periode 2016 di mana pendapatan naik hingga 321,84 miliar won kemudian menurun jadi 269,02 miliar won pada 2018. YG saat ini merupakan pelopor di dunia musik digital dan mampu beradaptasi ke berbagai platform.

Selain manajemen bisnis artis, YG juga concern di bidang periklanan, penyiaran, karakter sampai game. Tak hanya di Korea Selatan YG juga mulai ke mancanegara. Seperti di Jepang, China Mainland dan Taiwan. YG juga menargetkan bisa tembus ke pasar Amerika Serikat (AS) dan Eropa.SuperM recently performed at the World Health Organization’s Big Event for mental health on October 10. The group made history by being the only KPop group at the event, and performed their hit songs Better Days.

SuperM participated in the Big Event for Mental Health by the World Health Organization (W.H.O.)! On October 10, World Mental Health Day, WHO held their Big Event for mental health, which is their first-ever online advocacy event for mental health. The event highlighted the chronic under-investment in mental health worldwide, an issue that was made clearer by the COVID-19 pandemic.

SuperM was the only K-pop artist taking part in the event. From Seoul, SuperM virtually performed their B-side track Better Days off of their first full album Super One. Watch the performance below:

While sharing the video, the World Health Organization said: “During WHO’s first online global advocacy event for mental health, K-pop group, SuperM, spoke about the importance of positive energy, staying healthy and looking out for one another, before performing their hit song Better Days for viewers from across the world.”

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueSometimes, all we need is to get away from it all and escape to a beautiful place, especially with everything that’s been going on around the world. Sadly, traveling is not really advisable due to COVID-19 — but that doesn’t mean we can’t dream and save adventures until better days, which hopefully will come soon. Luckily we have K-pop stars who have blessed us with perfect aesthetic music videos that allow us to do solo travel, imagine, and experience breathtaking locations, albeit vicariously and virtually. Here are some of the MVs with amazing locations and fun activities you can do alone and add to your bucket list!

Sample all kinds of delicious food like IU in “Every end of the day”

IU not only serenaded us with this memorable song, but she also made us want to pack our bags and explore the streets lined with colorful houses where this video was shot. The picture-perfect place is none other than Burano, an island close to Venice that is made up of canals, bridges, colorful houses, and buildings. In one scene, IU tries a variety of authentic Italian dishes: from pasta, seafood veggies, and red berry dessert. Who needs a companion when a trip could be as delicious as this?

Drive to the desert like Taeyeon in “Why”

It’s been four years since its release but Taeyeon’s song “Why” is still a bop and relevant song today. Much more iconic was her music video, where she was chilling by the pool all by herself, enjoying the sun without a care in the world. The video also shows her driving into the desert, far away from her worries. Filmed in California, the video gives us good vibes and is a reminder to re-energize ourselves from time to time.

If going to the hot desert isn’t exactly your thing, Taeyeon, being the aesthetic queen that she is, provides another option: traipsing in the wide, green expanse of New Zealand in her video for “I.” Here, you can watch the sunset, breathe fresh air, and simply get lost in nature as you heal your mind, body, and spirit. You might also recognize the stunning place with MAMAMOO’s video, “Starry Night,” which was also filmed in the same country but in different spots that are just as amazing.

Live in a palace like Jennie in “Solo”

Jennie not only sang about being solo, she also showed us how inviting it is to freely do things alone in her music video: dance like no one’s watching (literally), sleep in, lounge on the pool, and explore your surroundings. The MV was shot entirely in London, with locations that Jennie made even more interesting with her presence and gorgeous designer outfits. It’s the ultimate solo travel moment done in style. She gives the best mood in her lyrics too: “This time I’m only looking at me, myself and I…. I want to go far away, I want to shine brightly.”

Watch a musical performance in an empty theater like Jessi in “Who dat B”

The location for this video is undisclosed, but its luxe surroundings, awe-inspiring baroque-style room, and amazing views from the rooftop of a cathedral make us want to put on a long gown and party like Jessi did all on her own. The fierce song also featured the rapper-singer in a theater where she is both the audience and the performer. With her bedazzled dress and diamond accessories, she looked like a queen who owned the place. She’s powerful and unapologetic about it. After all, as she says in her lyrics, “I ain’t got time for haters.”

Relax in an infinity pool overlooking the mountain and seas like Hwasa in “LMM”

South Korea may be known for its modern, cosmopolitan capital city, but some of its islands are hidden gems when it comes to travel. Hwasa’s video for “LMM” is proof of this as it was filmed in an island resort called the Kosmos off the east coast of South Korea. True to its name, the resort gives its guests the best of both worlds: contemporary architecture and the beauty of nature. Its name is also derived from the view at night where one can see the sky filled with stars. In the video, Hwasa has her moments of solitude in this otherworldly place, and who can blame her if she wants to stay here all by herself?

Be one with nature like YooA in “Bon Voyage”

Befitting of YooA’s overall concept for her solo debut, “Bon Voyage” tells the story of a young woman finding herself in nature and adventure. The filming location of the MV is estimated to be Bijarim-ro, Jeju Island and it features YooA transforming into a forest nymph in unforgettable locations like the sunflower fields, ocean, and green forest. It’s making us want to kick off our heels, go barefoot, and feel nature healing our woes away!

Do all the best travel activities like Suzy in “Holiday”

From walking on a white-sand desert, going for a ride in a boat and a small plane over the sea, to swimming and sunbathing in the tropics, Suzy has done it all in this vacation grande that more than fits her song titled “Holiday.” The music video was shot in many scenic locations including Long Beach, California and the White Sands National Monument in New Mexico. She is definitely a travel and fashion inspiration!

Hey Soompiers! Which of these locations would you like to visit someday? Tell us in the comments below!

DianneP_Kim is an English magazine and online editor based in South Korea. She is the author of a K-pop style book published by Skyhorse Publications, New York, and has recently released her second book about BTS. Check it out on Amazon and follow her on Instagram at @dianne_panda!He’s been reinventing himself in the spotlight for over a decade now, and Taemin has hit the reset button once again with the release of last month’s Never Gonna Dance Again : Act 1. A K-pop star since he was a young teenager and debuted in boy band SHINee in 2008, Taemin’s latest – his third solo Korean LP – feels like a modern day fever dream fronted by the single “Criminal,” a throwback to the era when pop stars were gods among men, when Ziggy Stardust and Michael Jackson’s larger-than-life personas reigned.

A consummate performer, the 27-year-old (born Lee Tae-min but known mononymously) has used his solo work, a spinoff from his releases with groups SHINee and SuperM, to explore what it means to be an original amid the K-pop music scene where everything under the sun can be found, and every artist reinvents themselves regularly. Act 1, the first of two related albums, continues pushing Taemin’s identity as an avant-garde K-pop star who revels in theatrical performances based on exploring themes like fame and the representation of sexuality in art. In the music video for the rhythmic, creeping synth-dance track “Criminal,” BDSM elements shape the choreography and sinful trappings while Taemin dons leather – including a piratic eye patch – a far cry from the youthful star who began his career at 14-years-old with a R&B-pop ballad and a bowl cut.

The album is a new era for Taemin for many reasons, but primarily because he feels it is a moment where he’s really come into his own as a creative after years of being collaboratively led by others. “I just really wanted to emphasize my individual talent and showcase my character as an artist, my own individual style,” Taemin says about his leadership role in releasing the 9-track Act 1, which dropped on Sept. 7. “I kind of had my hands all over it.”

Taking a call with Forbes minutes after the SuperM single “One” was released worldwide on streaming platforms on Sept. 23 (24 in Asia), the moment was representative of how busy Taemin’s been over the last few weeks: the first part of the Never Gonna Dance Again series arrived ahead of SuperM’s Super One LP, out Sept. 25, and Taemin has been simultaneously promoting his own solo project and working with that group, using each opportunity to showcase different sides of his artistry. Bold and busy in a year when the cathartic escapism of entertainment is one of the few pleasures left to many people across the globe grappling with the fallout of the coronavirus pandemic and rising political tensions in many regions, Taemin says he’s grateful to be having these chances and sharing his artistic vision with the world while getting to reinvent himself as he carves out his creative path.

Read what Taemin had to say about “Criminal” and Never Gonna Dance Again Act 1 below.

Herman: Thank you so much for taking some time to chat about the album, I know you’ve been incredibly busy lately. Never Gonna Dance Again Act 1 arrived earlier this month, and you’re about to release Super One with SuperM. How are you feeling?

Taemin: Yes, I’ve been busy obviously, but I’ve also had some time to rest before these albums came out so I think that time was a good time for me to prep and get ready. This period is busy, but it’s a time when I can quench that thirst of wanting to fulfill what I want to do, to perform, to meet my fans, to be on stage and connect with them in that way. I’m really thankful that a lot of fans are loving “Criminal.” SuperM’s “One” just came out so I’m excited to see what fans think of that as well.

Herman: You spent much of the last year working and touring, pre-corona, with SuperM and it’s been over a year since you released your last solo project, your Japanese EP Famous. So how does it feel to be back as Taemin the solo artist?

Taemin: With this comeback, I think it was particularly a moment of growth for me as an artist just because I had a lot more personal input with this album in terms of what the music video looked like – visually and with the production of that – the album, the title track itself, and all the other songs on the album. I kind of had my hands all over it. Whereas before I did have my personal opinions intertwined into previous albums, back then I felt more like an observer, kind of just seeing how things kind of come together. But this time I was able to experience everything firsthand so that was cool for me.

Herman: What changed about the experience that resulted in you being more in control creatively?

Taemin: Previously, I still had my opinions about what songs I’d like, what kind of music I’d like on the album. But this time around, I took it upon myself to be more directly involved. I suggested to the internal teams which producers and writers I wanted to work with. In “Criminal” there’s a narration in the bridge and that was my idea that I bounced off with producers and developed on my own. Same with the music video. I selected which director I wanted to work with and developed the creative vision with him from the beginning. In the choreography, I had a lot of my own personal input in it. You know that part where my hands were tied? That was my idea.

Herman: What made you want to go in that creative direction?

Taemin: I think I just really wanted to emphasize my individual talent and showcase my character as an artist, my own individual style. Because music is something that can be very trendy, I wanted to make sure that with this album I was able to differentiate myself from other artists by emphasizing what makes Taemin “Taemin.” What makes these performances and these songs strictly ones I can do.

Herman: If you had to describe what makes Taemin “Taemin,” what would you say?

Taemin: Honestly, I’m still sorting that out and that’ll be my forever assignment as an artist. For me, it’s not necessarily that there’s any direction or idea I specifically feel I need to go towards as an artist. But it’s more about what I feel or hear people saying about my music, what is definitively “Taemin” in other people’s eyes. I think that’s what’s important.

Herman: To be honest, when I heard the title for the first time, my heart dropped a bit. It felt like the sort of album title an artist would release when they’re ready to retire. I doubt that was your intent in crafting this title, but what does the idea “Never Gonna Dance Again” mean to you?

Taemin: It’s a bit of an ironic title. I think what I wanted to emphasize was that rebellious side of myself by saying “I’m never gonna dance again.” But everybody knows that that’s not what I’m really saying. In the past, many people have been expecting great performances or specific kind of performances from me and I think it was within that line of thought, of rebelling against [the expectations], me trying to say, “I’m never gonna dance again in this style that people expect me to.” So I think, personally, there’s a deeper meaning of restarting. Just kind of starting over.

Herman: Does this album series feel, to you, like a resetting of your career?

Taemin: I think I definitely do want that to be the case. As you know, this album series is supposed to be a series where there’s a prologue, Act 1 and Act 2. And I think with those different releases I want to reconstruct the way people see me as an artist personally.

Herman: This reset of an album series began with two singles, so I’m curious about why you wanted to pair “2 Kids” with “Criminal”? They’re quite discordant.

Taemin: For “2 Kids” it’s about pain, the pain that comes with love and a broken heart. That’s why in the music video I have scars on my face. That’s kind of the basis of that. The storyline kind of builds with that pain, then moves onto “Criminal” with a dark, internal feeling. Act 2 will show myself rising up from the ashes. I think people will like it and I hope people expect something great from that as well.

Herman: You co-wrote “2 Kids.” What inspired the song?

Taemin: “2 Kids” is basically about young love and being young. Thinking, “Maybe it could have been different or things could have changed.” I think while I was writing these lyrics, I was thinking not necessarily about my experience with love but it was more about when I was younger. Thinking about the conflicts that I had with other people and using that as the inspiration to the lyrics for this.

Herman: This isn’t necessarily related to your album but as we’re talking it is [SHINee member] Key’s birthday, someone who you’ve been with since you were young. I happened to see your post from last year where you raided his closet to celebrate his birthday is going viral again. I’m wondering if you’re going to do any more “Criminal” activities to celebrate this year?

Taemin: [Laughs] Unfortunately, I don’t have any “Criminal” activities planned for this year. I was trying to be the first one to text him “Happy Birthday” at midnight but unfortunately I fell asleep. The first thing I did this morning was text him that I was sorry I didn’t text him at midnight but he said that was totally fine. He was actually more concerned about me, checking up on my health and everything because we’ve been really busy.

Herman: What's the difference between soloist Taemin, SHINee’s Taemin and SuperM’s Taemin?

Taemin: As a soloist, the responsibility is heavily on my own shoulders regarding the creative direction the album takes, the promotion, etc. So I feel the weight of that for sure. With SHINee, I’ve always been the youngest member so I’m just used to seeing what the other guys do and learning from them. When I’m with SHINee, I’m more of the type to lean on them and go along with what everyone says. With SuperM, this group has such a clear goal since it was formed, and for me knowing that there is a clear goal, and knowing how this group was put together makes me want to work really hard. Because within SuperM I’m one of the older members, I always try to check up on the younger guys as well. We’ve been really busy so I just have been checking up on them here and there.

Herman: You transcend generational boundaries as you’ve been active as a K-pop artist since the late ’00s and have continued going strong ever since, both as a soloist and being part of two different acts. In a fast-paced industry like K-pop, how do you feel about this achievement?

Taemin: I blinked and [over a decade] passed. That’s how fast I feel the time flew. It almost doesn’t feel like much time has passed, but then I look back and realize that I have this great career behind me and so many new artists have come out, so many great groups have debuted. But the way that I notice that time has passed so much is in the way that artists promote their albums and release their music these days. Back in the day, digital or online content wasn’t a big thing. But now there are so many possibilities and there’s a lot more freedom about how you can promote your music.

As you’ve probably noticed, I’m kind of more on the side of being very individualistic and doing the type of music that’s kind of different from other people. Just for me, seeing how the industry has grown and so many different group have come out, watching how K-pop has expanded has been cool. I think just for me personally, it’s more of an individualistic sort of choice.

This interview was conducted in English and Korean with the facilitation of a translator, and was edited for clarity.On Monday, Jason Derulo was ruling the trends all over social media but for all the negative reasons. Jason took to Tik Tok to share a video celebrating the success of Savage Love Remix. The song topped Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was a time to celebrate for Jason since it was his first numero uno song on the chart in 11 years. He had celebrated the milestone last time in 2009 courtesy Whatcha Say. The singer celebrated with a few of his friends over meal and drinks and shared a video on social media, however, he did not tag BTS.

Jason Derulo shared, "It’s a celebration @#savagelove @hannastocking @ondreazlopez @charlyjordan @itstaylerholder @justmaiko @sommeray @jena @mrmovi3." Along with the collage of clips, the singer did not mention or tag BTS which irked their fans. Soon after he got brutally trolled on the internet, Jason tried to do some damage control when he shared another video and wrote, "Wish @BTS_twt @jawsh_685 was here for the celebration! We did it! #1 on billboard chart! Savage Love"

Reacting to Jason's video, one Twitter user wrote, "seriously man ??? where's BTS ??? you're here on number one chart because of BTS , no hates but seriously you're here on top because of BTS , don't worry, now just watch your songs go down on the chart." Another wrote, "Well, Jason Derulo watch Savage Love free fall. #JasonDeruloIsOverParty"

Check out the reactions here-

For all latest news and updates, stay tuned to our Facebook pageRefrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.As you may know, every Korean male citizen under the age of 30 are required to undergo mandatory military service for approximately two years, and K-pop stars are no exception.

While fans won’t be able to see their idols perform on stage for quite some time, rest assured, time will pass by quickly. As it stands, those who have enlisted in 2018 and early 2019 are returning this year.

Without further ado, here are the 7 K-pop idols who will finally be released from the military in the last few months of this year, complete with their scheduled discharge date:

While we have your attention, check out the list of this year’s idols enlistment here.The winners of the 15th annual Podcast Awards have been announced.

Also known as the People's Choice Podcast Awards, the Podcast Awards have been honouring the best podcasts determined by the general public since 2005. The final round of voting this year enlisted over 5500 listeners and podcasters to decide the winners for 20 categories including Arts, Music, Games, Business, and more.

For this year’s Coverville Podsafe Music Category, K-pop Daebak hosted by Eric Nam emerged as the winner, while How Did I Get Here hosted by DAY6's Jae and AleXa clinched the spots for The Adam Curry People's Choice Award and the Rob Has a Podcast Entertainment Category.

Both podcasts fall under DIVE Studios, a podcast network that creates content primarily for “international K-pop fans, Asian Americans and audiences who appreciate Asian arts and culture”. The Tablo Podcast, by Epik High's Tablo, was also nominated for Society - Culture, but was outvoted by Once Upon a Crime.

Other winners include Dads Drinking Bourbon for the Arts, Things I Got Wrong at Trivia for Games & Hobbies, Commit or Quit for TV & Film, and more. Find out which other podcasts won here.Durante los últimos dos años, las mayores noticias en el mundo del K-pop han sido francamente desagradables. El año pasado, un escándalo centrado en el deslumbrante club nocturno de Seúl Burning Sun involucró a diversas estrellas masculinas del k-pop, así como a algunos ejecutivos del sector, que han sido acusados de abusos sexuales, proxenetismo en favor de socios empresariales, tráfico de drogas y soborno. Unos meses más tarde, ese mismo año, tres cantantes femeninas se suicidaron en el espacio de unas pocas semanas. Ambas habían sido objeto de maltrato misógino durante años.

Sin embargo, no parece que ese lado sórdido del sector afecte a sus mayores estrellas. BTS, el grupo surcoreano con más éxito y la mayor banda de chicos del planeta, ha encontrado el éxito global vendiendo algo que está casi en las antípodas del machismo y la arrogancia que suele exigirse a los ídolos del K-pop. Los siete veinteañeros se presentan como personas sencillas, francos sobre las presiones y los inconvenientes de la fama, comprometidos socialmente y conscientes de sus propios defectos. Cuando hace unos años sus fans se molestaron por una serie de letras sexistas, el miembro que las compuso se disculpó por su ignorancia y prometió “estudiar más” para evitar tales errores en el futuro (tras ello se lo vio leyendo una novela feminista). Y, cuando este año las fans estadounidenses les pidieron que apoyaran las protestas de Black Lives Matter, lo hicieron enseguida.

Tal comportamiento encuentra eco entre su público de Corea del Sur y otros países. “El mensaje que envían es muy diferente al de otras bandas de chicos”, dice Lim Hyun-jee, una joven de 26 años de Seúl. “Hablan de crecimiento, salud mental, acoso y de todo aquello con lo que podemos identificarnos”, dice con entusiasmo. “Y se llevan muy bien, resultan muy atractivos”.

Hong Seok-kyeong, de la Universidad Nacional de Seúl, cree que el éxito de BTS proviene en parte de la esperanza que ofrecen a una generación de fans agotadas por la presión de competir y amoldarse en su educación y sus carreras. “Tanto en las canciones como en las interacciones con las fans muestran que pueden identificarse con esas presiones”, dice. “Toda su historia proclama que está bien ser diferente y que puedes seguir teniendo éxito incluso si no encajas del todo.” Piensa que a las mujeres jóvenes, en particular, les gusta su modelo de masculinidad más suave y emocionalmente vulnerable en tanto que alternativa al machismo surcoreano. Ser atractivos ayuda, por supuesto. “La forma en que se muestran atractivos tiene que ver con la idea de proporcionar placer visual a un público femenino.”

Algunas feministas coreanas conjeturan que esa imagen amigable que proyectan hacia las mujeres es demasiado buena para ser cierta dadas las normas sexistas del sector en el que trabajan. Otras la toman al pie de la letra. Como mínimo, el éxito de BTS ha demostrado que la amabilidad es una cualidad comercializable, algo que puede animar a otros grupos a intentar hacer lo mismo. Los números hablan por sí solos. Tras estar hace una década al borde de la bancarrota, Bang Si-hyuk, fundador de la productora de BTS, Big Hit Entertainment, es ahora un hombre muy rico. Da la impresión de que el plan de la compañía de salir a Bolsa el 15 de octubre los hará a él y a BTS aun más ricos. Masivamente sobresuscrita tanto por inversores institucionales como por fans incondicionales, se espera que el valor de Big Hit alcance los 4.000 millones de dólares.

De The Economist, traducido para La Vanguardia, publicado bajo licencia. El artículo original, en inglés, puede consultarse en www.economist.com.As a member of South Korean group Girls’ Generation, Jessica Jung made a name for herself in the highest echelons of pop royalty. Having since gone solo (she left the group in 2014) and launched a fashion line, with plans to open a flagship store in Seoul, Jung is now taking readers on a journey to stardom in her debut YA novel, “Shine.” Released Sept. 29 from Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers, the novel tells the story of Rachel Kim, a Korean-American trainee at an entertainment company in Seoul working hard to get the chance to debut as a K-pop star.

Rachel’s road to success is filled with performances, friendships, cattiness and romance, splashed with a healthy dose of reality as Jung weaves fact and fiction throughout to share insights into the highly competitive world of K-pop.

Writing a book is the latest turn for you in your multifaceted career. What inspired “Shine”?

I always thought my life wasn’t normal. It was very unique. As much as it can be very glamorous and pretty on the outside, there can be a lot of drama, a lot of sacrifices. I felt it was time for me to tell the story. I wanted to show the readers how it began, where it all started. Take them step by step through the process, behind the scenes, things they don’t know. Because you can see the career and how it goes, but you never really know what happened before that. I’m from San Francisco, so I thought that part of the story would be interesting for the readers to read, especially in the Western world.

Rachel’s a reflection of me, but I don’t want it to be like, “Oh, it’s an autobiography.” I’m actually a fan of YA novels. I want to speak to younger audiences, because these days a lot of people want to be K-pop stars, or pop stars, or YouTubers. Rachel and I are very similar, but I did fictionalize everything. But I hope it will be an Easter egg hunt for people. I want them to find clues along the way, figure out who’s who, what’s what, have fun with it and enjoy it.

How did you writing a book compare with other aspects of your diverse career?

The entertainment industry is very quick, but the book world seemed very relaxed. They plan way ahead of time. One thing I learned was that it’s really hard to let go of the copy. The revising and proofreading process… It was fun, but I didn’t want to let go.

You’re the first K-pop star, to my knowledge, that has written a novel based on your life and career. How does that feel?

As an American, I was raised to be independent, take action, have a voice, be responsible, not to be afraid to speak up for myself. It’s funny but I do things before others do it. I think it’s part of my personality as well.

What made you decide to keep some of the Korean untranslated, featuring it either romanized or in Hangul?

That was the unique part of my book. I thought, now that the world is embracing not only K-pop but K-beauty, K-dramas etc., people might want to learn Korean. So if I pop some words here or there, people might look it up or take interest in it.

Like you, Rachel’s family moves to Seoul so she can pursue her dream, resulting in complex interfamilial dynamics. Was this true to life?

My mom was always very supportive, but on the outside very strict. In the trainee years, I could only go during the weekends. I had to study during the week. It was hard for me to focus on being a trainee like the rest. And my relationship with my sister [actor-singer Krystal Jung], I really wanted it to be exactly how we are. She picked the name for her [corresponding character in the novel]. It was something else and she was like, “I want to be ‘Leah.’”

The book explores the disparity and bullying between and among trainees, and mistreatment of female stars versus male ones. Do these represent your experiences?

Definitely. And it still goes on. I think it’s only natural. It’s a very competitive world out there. It’s something that people don’t really like to talk about, but I thought bringing it up in fiction would be a great way to let people know it all exists in this world. Koreans in general, they’re very conservative in every way, so it’s not easy to really speak up. It can be very sensitive. But I think I was brave enough to do that.

Do you have any concerns that “Shine” will ruffle some feathers?

No, not at all. It’s fiction, right? I’m excited for the readers around the world to read it, get some insight and fall in love with the characters.

What would you like readers of “Shine” to come away with?

“Smile like the whole world is your best friend.” I get very emotional when I hear it. I love it. It has a lot of meaning behind it. You have to always be happy and smiley. Nothing is wrong, nothing can ever go wrong. You need to hide a lot of feelings behind your smile. And that’s what I went through when I was young. That’s what I learned to do. That’s something that can be a weapon, actually. That’s how you can protect yourself. I want the book to be a positive influence for the readers. I want them to know that it’s okay to do things for yourself. You can go fight for your dreams. You don’t need to look back. It’s okay to find your voice and speak up for yourself. And I just want it to be a good read.Polri mengungkapkan motif dasar Ketua MUI tingkat kecamatan di Tanjungbalai, Sulaiman Marpaung, mengunggah kolase foto Wapres Ma'ruf Amin dan bintang porno Jepang Shigeo Tokuda alias 'Kakek Sugiono'. Alasannya, dia geram atas pernyataan Ma'ruf Amin soal K-Pop.

Ma'ruf menyampaikan pernyataan soal K-Pop itu di acara Peringatan 100 Tahun Kedatangan Warga Korea di Indonesia melalui konferensi video, Minggu (20/9) lalu. Dalam video itu, Ma'ruf bicara mengenai hubungan erat Indonesia dengan Korea Selatan.

"Indonesia bisa banyak belajar dari Korea. Investasi dan alih teknologi diharapkan bisa membuat produk Indonesia semakin meningkat kualitasnya, bisa diekspor ke luar negeri. Hingga diharapkan juga makin banyak produk-produk Indonesia bisa diterima di Korea," ujar Ma'ruf, dalam keterangan tertulis.

Wapres Ma'ruf menilai banyaknya produk Korea yang diproduksi di Indonesia dapat menjadi momentum pembelajaran bagi anak-anak bangsa untuk menciptakan produk berkualitas baik dan berdaya saing sehingga dalam jangka panjang diharapkan dapat mendorong proses industrialisasi Indonesia.

Lebih lanjut, Ma'ruf kemudian menyoroti tren K-Pop yang sedang digandrungi anak muda di Indonesia, seperti drama Korea dan musik K-Pop. Dia meminta kreativitas generasi muda Indonesia bisa meniru budaya Korea agar dapat membawa budaya RI 'go international'.

"Saat ini anak muda di berbagai pelosok Indonesia juga mulai mengenal artis K-Pop dan gemar menonton drama Korea. Maraknya budaya K-Pop diharapkan juga dapat menginspirasi munculnya kreativitas anak muda Indonesia dalam berkreasi dan mengenalkan keragaman budaya Indonesia ke luar negeri," ucap mantan Ketua MUI itu.

Oleh karena itu, Wapres berharap kemitraan yang telah dibentuk antara Indonesia dan Korea di banyak bidang dapat memberi manfaat bagi kedua negara dan dapat menjadi fondasi dalam memperkuat persahabatan keduanya, baik secara formal kenegaraan maupun secara nonformal antarwarganya.

"Ke depan, diharapkan hubungan baik ini semakin memberi manfaat bagi warga kedua negara. Peringatan 100 tahun kedatangan warga Korea di Indonesia ini merupakan momen penting untuk semakin meningkatkan hubungan dan kerja sama yang baik antara kedua negara," sebut Ma'ruf.So you're not living on the side of stan Twitter, let alone K-pop stan twt (which translates to someone who likes K-pop on Twitter). But surely you must have heard the news when K-pop stans flooded anti-racist hashtags on Twitter and Instagram with K-pop fancams? No? How about when the BTS fandom a.k.a. ARMY, matched their idols' donations of 1 million USD to the Black Lives Matter Foundation — all within over 24 hours? Still no? Well then you should probably read on, because if you're still thinking that K-pop is all but a 'phase' for 'teenage girls', it's time you think again.

In 2020, we've not only seen the pandemic overtake the world as we knew it, but we've been consistently disheartened, and yet, empowered by the increasing amount of discourse surrounding the racial and social injustices happening across the globe. Despite the Black Lives Matter movement's existence since 2013, the notion only took off recently on a global scale. Now more than ever, our social feeds are flooded on a regular with an endless stream of information. And we need to start listening.

And these days — when the biggest means of social change bank on the fury of your words on the WWW — K-pop idols, and their fan bases along with them, possess more power than you think. Their worldwide popularity is without a doubt, and their dominance over popular social media platforms — primarily Twitter and Instagram — is evident as making anything they post a trending topic. Tweets from popular Korean idols such as the likes of BTS and EXO are retweeted by thousands at a time, while Instagram posts from the Blackpink girls rake in the likes almost instantaneously.

So it really should come as no surprise when these Korean pop stars receive overwhelming responses to their thoughts about social causes. Perhaps, if they had so openly shown their personal stances just five years ago, some of these idols may have received flak and negativity for bringing politics into their professional personas. But with 2020 being a limitless year of possible change and necessitated empathy, many of these popular Korean idols have taken to their social media accounts to openly show their support for the Black Lives Matter movement; with the likes of solo artist Crush and Got7's Mark even publicly posting proof of their donations to the movement.

But it didn't stop there. When fans found out about the 1 million USD that BTS had donated to the cause, it didn't take very long after before their ARMY, followed suit: spearheaded by @OneInAnARMY, a notable fan account that frequently organises charity projects to multiple causes, they started the hashtag #MatchAMillion, raising over a million dollars by the next day. The influence of the K-pop boy group is clear as day; but in this case, it was for all the right reasons as BTS' stance of solidarity meant that their ARMY matched their sentiment and rallied their resources to do something greater in response.

Likewise, other K-pop fanbases have shown their hand at tackling the matters of social injustice head on. As the #BlackLivesMatter tweet raged on, the hashtags of the opposing grain: #WhiteLivesMatter and #whiteoutwednesday simultaneously took to the net. But what came in response? It wasn't just heated responses and more enraged tweets: instead, K-pop stans decided to take matters into their own hands. Utilising the power of numerous K-pop fans worldwide, they flooded the hashtags with fancams of their favourite faces instead. Fancams, according to K-pop stan twt, are essentially short clips of videos or GIFs of their idols — ranging from their dances on stage to them walking into the airport. It was as effective as it was hilarious as these K-pop fans sent a clear message: any form of racism was not to be tolerated and auto veto-ed.

And at the frontier of all of this, BTS has proven time and time again that they are a globally driving force for social activism. Since 2017, they have been the leading ambassadors for the UNICEF campaign "Love Myself" to urge youth against discrimination and to #ENDviolence. And as their presence has gained more and more influence globally, so has their confidence and desire to speak out on more social matters. Since their release of hit summer song "Dynamite", their first full English song, they have not only gained more open acknowledgment of their musical talents, but the Korean celebrities now also hold more agency than ever to speak up about the xenophobia they've faced from all their times interacting with the Western-centric industry.

Most recently, Weverse Magazine, the magazine started by BTS' own entertainment company, Big Hit Entertainment, released an in-depth article of the group's trying times during COVID-19: one of them, revealing a racially charged instance by Howard Stern — a popular American radio host. On the basis of the boys' Asian heritage, he had claimed that "there was no way those guys don't have the coronavirus" during their promotional visits to the radio station. Apart from the article release, the BTS boys have also started making more open remarks during their interviews — surfacing the discrimination that they've faced when promoting in America.

And the fans? They're more riled up than ever to protect their beloved idols at all costs. They remain unfazed and unafraid of calling out xenophobic moments that their Korean idols face — even if it's from the likes of popular TV show hosts like Ellen Degeneres. To them — the heartening message, sound and quality of their idols' music is more important than the medium — whether it's in Korean or in English. And so, perhaps if you look a little closer, it makes sense that the Black Lives Matter movement — one that hopes to end all forms of discrimination — is also an empowering one for rising Korean stars like BTS and many others following their lead.BTS' Jungkook goes live after around 1.5 years, trends on Twitter right awayIf you are a K-pop stan, McDonald’s has your back this KCON season as a premier sponsor of the world’s largest celebration of Korean culture and music. Starting today through October 25, fans can experience KCON:TACT season 2, virtually, from their living room (or location of choice).

Fans can connect virtually with hit group, The Boyz, through a special segment presented by McDonald’s

On Sunday, October 25, fans can watch “Crush Moment with The Boyz,” a special segment sponsored by McDonald’s that will feature the 11-member boy group, a headlining KCON:TACT performer. Over the last couple of weeks via social media, The Boyz invited their loyal fan base, “THE B,” to share the first moment they fell in love with the group. The Boyz will choose the top moments and reenact them during the segment.

“We’re excited to continue our partnership with KCON for the sixth consecutive year, and especially during this time when people’s access to fun and meaningful events and moments are limited and vastly different,” said Elizabeth Campbell, McDonald’s Senior Director of Cultural Engagement. “We recognize how important K-Pop is to our customers and are proud to continue celebrating this iconic cultural event, and giving fans access to The Boyz.”

ALSO READ: McDonald’s sweetens up breakfast with McCafé Bakery

McDonald’s has been a long-time sponsor of KCON with pop-ups at both the New York and Los Angeles events. Last year, convention attendees sampled World Famous Fries® and ice cream, met their favorite K-pop idols, and tried their hand at winning branded goodies through retro-style arcade machines. McDonald’s was also the livestream sponsor, bringing the concert directly to fans watching at home.

“We are excited to partner with McDonald’s to connect with our fans virtually, and give them a special moment,” said The Boyz. “We can’t wait for this segment as we know our beloved THE B is going to love it.”

For details about the full 10-day KCON:TACT experience, VISIT HERE. The entire program will be streamed exclusively on Mnet K-Pop VISIT HERE and KCON official YouTube channel VISIT HERE.

Subscribe: Sign up for our FREE e-lert here. Stay on top of the latest advertising, film, TV, entertainment and production news!Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.After a needless BTS backlash and a slew of nationalistic films marking the 70th anniversary of China joining the Korean War, the fact that one of the biggest events in the esports calendar will be contested between a Chinese and a Korean team this weekend may seem like unfortunate timing. But ahead of that showdown between Suning and Damwon Gaming in the League of Legends Worlds in Shanghai, here’s a sign that Korean-Chinese cooperation is possible: Lexie Liu has joined forces with LoL‘s virtual K-pop group K/DA for their new single “More.”

The track is a prelude to the group’s debut EP, All Out, which is set to release on November 6. In addition to Rap of China alum Liu — who voices new K/DA addition Seraphine — the sleek song also features American singers Madison Beer and Jaira Burns (who have previously voiced K/DA stars Evelynn and Kai’Sa), along with (G)I-dle performers Miyeon and Soyeon (who voice Ahri and Akali).

10 hours in and this new single has already gotten around 5 million views on YouTube.

The group’s new EP is the long-awaited follow up to “Pop/Stars,” their debut song from the 2018 LoL Worlds — essentially an advertisement for the game’s K-pop skins.

For Liu, who posted on Instagram that it was “such an honor to be a part of this,” it’s another slick production following the release of her new video “Jia Ren 佳人” last month.

The ramping up of releases from K/DA coincides with the K-pop world’s increasing embrace of virtual idols. Just yesterday, one of the biggest players in the market, SM Entertainment, announced that new group Aespa would feature both human and virtual members.

In China meanwhile, the single comes after the launch of a new talent contest for virtual contestants. Dimension Nova, hosted by real-life stars Angelababy, Esther Yu and Wang Linkai, features “more than 30 virtual competitors [navigating] a series of competitions and challenges” and aired its first episode last weekend.Admit it. You dance all crazy when you've got your music blaring and you're alone in your room. When the jitterbug kicks in, you feel invincible, mostly because nobody can see you.

YouTube content creator and dancer Ky does that exactly, except she films her wackiness and shares it with the world. She sings and raps to all the songs she covers, panting between each move, totally 'Not Shy' with the power and intensity of 'Dynamite' from her DIY setup in her bedroom. Plus, she's actually really, really good.

Bandwagon caught up with Ky to talk about her dance videos, how she discovered SB19, who she thinks are the best dancers in the world of K-Pop, and more.

First off, tell us about how you first got into dance.

I started out with the very typical Asian kid experience haha, I was sent to ballet classes at 4. I was too tomboy for that though, and I didn't like to be forced into the elegance of it all so I quit around 7 and got into Taekwondo.

I got more interested in dance in middle school and with my Taekwondo experience, I was very intrigued by hip-hop and its high energy/hard hitting moves/performance.

In middle school, I had to come up with a performance number for a talent show at school, me and some classmates looked at some hip-hop videos and started learning moves for our performance!

How did you come up with the idea of "becoming part" of these K-Pop acts in your videos instead of the usual dance cover, which you used to make so much of?

I never really intentionally came up with the idea of "becoming part" of these K-pop acts haha! I was always told that I made covers that channeled similar levels of energy and accuracy as the original artists so I started out making comparison covers as a way for me to grow and improve.

Then one summer, I was super into Marvel and sci-fi movies, I went to check out the behind-the-scenes making of [their] videos for them and found out they used green/blue screens for all the special effects! I found that really intriguing and I really enjoy finding new and technically challenging things to do, so that was basically how I started my own green screen journey with my Kpop covers.

My first one was for my BTS - 'I Need U' cover, made with 20+ pieces of green cardboard I "raided" from my local dollar store and stuck on to the walls of my parents' basement.

K-Pop dances could be extremely complicated! How long does it take you to learn the choreography, considering also that you add your own moves when you "join" the groups in your videos?

I've been making videos for almost 9 years and danced/practised consistently for that amount, so the more videos I make, the more practice I get, and the faster I am at picking up choreo as well. It usually takes me between 2-3 hours to pick up a full song's choreo.

A BTS fan takes us through the K-pop superstars' fashion with Bangtan Style Twitter account

What are your favorite K-Pop acts? Which have you seen live?

My faves are definitely SHINee and Red Velvet! I'm a HUGE SM stan so my fav artists are from them! I've seen both of them live (saw RV front row!!) and others I've seen way too many to list haha! I love going to concerts so I definitely don't miss out whenever there's an artist I like coming to town.

Some other faves I've seen live would be BLACKPINK, Twice, Seventeen, DAY6, Sunmi, BTS, Chungha and so many more!

Who would you say are the best K-Pop dancers?

Hands down Taemin from SHINee and Ten from NCT/WayV! As well as Seulgi from Red Velvet.

Tell us about the dancers you look up to.

I LOVE KINJAZ!! They're my favourite dance crew and also one of my fav choreographers—Mike Song is from them, too. He's one of my biggest dance inspirations.

Kinjaz is just so creative and constantly killing it out there. I've been a long time fan and it's so exciting to see them still doing more and more amazing things right now, especially choreographing for some of the artists I really like (both in/outside of Kpop). They're such an inspiration.

Also more recently, I've become a big fan of Spella, she makes tutting/waacking choreos and she worked on Red Velvet Irene & Seulgi's 'Naughty' which is super impressive.

Oh wow, this is a really hard question! I would say my BLACKPINK and ITZY ones I really enjoy and have the most fun with.

You did a really cool dance cover of SB19's 'Alab.' How did they reach your radar?

My good friends are Filipino so they introduced me to SB19! I filmed a cover of 'Alab' for my friend Njoe and that song just got stuck in my head after so I had to cover it myself. Plus the song and dance are so fun!

Besides K-Pop, what other bands and artists do you listen to (that might surprise your followers)?

I enjoy listening to a lot of artists! Some other artists I really like are Lady Gaga, Janelle Monáe, Rina Sawayama, Perfume, BABYMETAL, Jolin Tsai, RADWIMPS, Dua Lipa, Tyler the Creator, and Lil Nas X. I'm kind of all over the place, really just depends on the day and mood! I also enjoy listening to soundtracks from musicals and classical music to relax.

You also have a day job that demands a lot of your time and attention. How do you manage to churn out content on your YouTube channel and get together with your dance crew in between?

Just lots of time management and balancing. I also like to stay busy so I'm constantly occupied with doing something, I just list out things I need to do every day and I make sure to get them done accordingly!

Being busy has allowed me to train myself to be a proud and effective multi-tasker, which really helps me get things done, while I'm also chillin'/laying back. I'm always watching a show/video/listening to a podcast/music while working.

Has the ongoing pandemic affected your work? If so, what obstacles did you face and how are you overcoming them?

To be really honest, I'm very fortunate that the ongoing pandemic hasn't affected my work too much. I'm currently a full-time freelance video editor, so I'm thankful that I've gotten lots of opportunities from working on my projects from home and I don't have to leave my house.

Also, I'm pretty much a homebody to start with, so I stay busy at home haha, I love staying home anyways. My content is all shot in my bedroom or near where I live so there wasn't too much of an issue.

But I really miss filming with other people and being on set for bigger productions, that would be kind of an obstacle since we're not able to do that during this time, so I've been churning out lots of green screen content this year and editing more than ever!

Do you have any advice you'd like to share with aspiring content creators who are just starting out?

Make content about what you love and what you're passionate about! Don't just follow trends to gain traction, doing what you enjoy and having fun is the most important and also essential to keeping content creation as a long term career or hobby!

Don't forget to connect with other people, your content might inspire others and likewise as well. Be open to opportunities, criticism and feedback to learn more on the way.

What are your plans for the rest of the year?

I plan to continue working, making videos, staying home and that's pretty much it haha! If any other exciting opportunities come my way I'll definitely welcome them with open arms (from my bedroom)!The 12 members of Treasure are heralded as gems set to color the world with their music, and the new K-pop group represents the future of South Korean company YG Entertainment.

One of South Korea’s historic “Big 3” K-pop companies, YG is home to K-pop royalty BLACKPINK and a roster of boy bands and solo artists, but Treasure (often stylized in all capitals as TREASURE) represents the first time its ever expanded to a double-digit team, with more of a dance pop slant than the company’s typical hip-hop leanings for most of the other boy bands. After arriving in summer 2020, Treasure represents the potential of the company to keep shining bright into the future, producing new acts that resonate with listeners. With a dedicated fandom known as Treasure Maker and well over 100 million views across their performances on their YouTube channel and a dedicated fandom known as Treasure Maker, interest in the act is high, but they have their work cut out for them as the latest addition to YG Family, the collective name for the company’s musical roster.

It’s been a long time coming for Treasure: the group was formed through the 2018-2019 competition television show YG Treasure Box, and was originally set to be two separate groups under the united “Treasure” umbrella, with a total of 13 members. But a series of issues, including one member’s departure and the founder of YG Entertainment leaving the company amid a cloud of legal troubles, resulted in not only their re-formation into a singular act but also the delay of their formal start in the K-pop world being pushed off until the release of this August, when they dropped a two-track single album, The First Step: Chapter One. A second, fittingly dubbed The First Step: Chapter Two, followed in September, and a third one is currently on its way.

Treasure recently spoke to Forbes to discuss their career’s beginning and their aspirations. Though all members were present for a video call, several took the lead in the conversation, speaking on behalf of the whole group as the rest cheered them on enthusiastically and occasionally added an interjection or two.

Tamar Herman: How are you feeling now that you’ve released your second single “I Love You” so swiftly after your first single “BOY”?

Hyunsuk: We’re so happy that we can show you more various sides of Treasure through our quick comeback. I hope our new charming points will be delivered to you guys. It’s a bit different from Chapter 1, so I hope you guys have seen how we’ve grown and developed through it, and I think the song will show and prove our potential as Treasure.

Tamar Herman: How did it feel to have these releases back-to-back on top of each other in association with your long-awaited debut?

Jihoon: We actually put in a lot of effort to prepare for Chapter 2. Even though it’s a little nerve wracking for us to take a step into a new world, I hope everyone likes it.

Tamar Herman: What's the impression you want listeners to take away from "I Love You"?

Ye Dam: We tried to give an impression, “this is boyishness” and also that it represents a brighter mode we can express.

Hyunsuk: We want to showcase our charming points that you can probably see between the two different releases.

Tamar Herman: How does this second chapter of The First Step relate to your prior one? Does it feel like “I Love You” and B-side “B.L.T (Bling Like This)” are opposites or partners with “Boy” and B-side “Come To Me”?

Hyunsuk: For “BOY” and “I Love You,” both are talking about young boys who fall in love and it’s the same, but for “I Love You” I wanted to talk about more of a brighter mood, with a deeper and stronger passion.

Tamar Herman: What does The First Step series mean to you?

Ye Dam: The First Step tells the story of 12 different gems that come together to form TREASURE and their entrance into the world, and it represents the many first steps that we’ve taken as a group. Our debut Chapter 1 represents a boy in love and his emotions, shown through “BOY” and “Come To Me,” so that contains our love and passion for music that we hope to bring joy through.

Tamar Herman: You are said to represent gems, and gems are very colorful so I’m curious, what colors would you describe each part of The First Step?

Jaehyuk: It’s all a rainbow. Since we just debuted and only have two albums, we’re still drawing our pictures brightly and more colorfully.

Tamar Herman: How does it feel starting your career with these four songs?

Jihoon, looking towards Jeongwoo: Let’s get it, J-woo!

Jeongwoo: Firstly, we’re so honored that we have so many fans around the world. Whenever we see messages online and on social media, we feel so honored. Even before our debut, our fans have shown great love and support and we’re very grateful that everyone’s with us. We hope that everyone keeps in mind that we will not stop, but we will keep moving forward and make great music and performances for you all.

Tamar Herman: I’m curious if members have any favorite lyrics from any of the four songs you’ve released so far?

Ye Dam: In “I Love You,” that lyric specifically, it’s our favorite part of the song.

Tamar Herman: It was a long haul to get from the competition show YG Treasure Box to Treasure’s debut, and now you are releasing singles one after another. How do you feel to have gotten to this point?

Ye Dam: Even though it began a long time ago, it has been really great being a group of 12 members together. We have really great teamwork. We have been together for so long that we’re like a family right now. We know each other so well and get along so well.

Hyunsuk: It’s an honor to be able to have a lot of fans from across the world.

[Jaehyuk and Yoshi hype him up with cheers.]

Tamar Herman: It’s your debut year but also the year when the coronavirus has changed a lot of how the music world works. How have you faced any hardships that you’ve encountered this year, and how have you been working around them?

Hyunsuk: The hardest part is that we can’t meet our fans in person but we try to look at and engage on social media. While our offline activities are limited, we really want to meet our fans and our company knows about our desire so we’re working with them to come up with ways to interact with fans online and on television, like with [weekly South Korean] music shows and maybe [television] entertainment programs. Also, it’s become a good time to strengthen our relationship together.

Tamar Herman: What have been some memorable bonding moments in your career so far?

Hyunsuk, with Jaehyuk throwing up a thumbs up in confirmation: The fact that we’re able to eat meals together. Before our debut, our schedules were more fluid and didn’t match with each other, so it was hard to meet up and eat altogether as 12 members in one place. But we get to eat as one now. Also, the time flies when we’re performing and practicing together because we have so much fun among ourselves. We’re always so shocked by how enjoyable it is to spend time with each other.

Tamar Herman: Did anything surprise you about your life post debut? How have you found The First Step of your post-trainee career?

Jihoon: Right now, speaking to Forbes.

Tamar Herman: What’s one thing you’ve learned throughout your debut process that was unexpected?

Ye Dam: It broadened our views about the music industry. It was actually more competitive than we all expected. Our time that we’ve gotten together to practice and perform on music shows, we’re all trying our best to just be doing what TREASURE is doing right now and we feel really honored that we get to do this.

Tamar Herman: You said that the competitiveness of the industry post-debut surprised you. How so?

Ye Dam: Because there are so many, so many popular teams out there, it’s motivating us to work harder and go further and further.

Tamar Herman: Ye Dam released a solo prior to Treasure’s debut, “Wayo.” Do other members also have the hopes to release solos as well?

Hyunsuk: Our second single album has just been released so right for now we’re trying to show us, the entirety of 12 members, but we hope in the future you’ll be able to see our solo or unit acts.

Tamar Herman: You’re the first new team from YG since the company had several high-profile shake ups last year due to many high-profile legal issues. How do you feel about representing the company’s future?

Hyunsuk: We always try our best to show the best music we can make and we’re thankful to our fans, the Treasure Makers across the world, and YG Family that always supports us. We’re going to try our best as always.

Tamar Herman: You’re YG Entertainment first’s male group that’s rather large. How does it feel to be representing a new generation of this company?

Jihoon: We would like to take this opportunity to thank you all, our fans, and all of the YG Family for its help and support always. We aim to be an artist that goes well with YG. We are sure that you will see 12 different charming points from us as we release more albums and our career progresses together.

Tamar Herman: You’re only just starting out, but what’s something you want people to think when they hear the name “Treasure” five, ten years from now?

Ye Dam: We hope to become a group that is known for being fun and energetic. During that time we hope to experience many different types of music to grow as bigger artists. The process is as important as the outcome so we’ll do our best to communicate with our fans and to show the best of us. So always be on the lookout [for Treasure.]

Tamar Herman: What kind of musical styles or genres, or musical collaborators, you’d like to work with in the future?

Hyunsuk: There are so many great artists around the world, and even though we just debuted we do have dreams. Post Malone. Travis Scott. The Weeknd. Justin Bieber. Kendrick Lamar. Everyone! It’d be an honor to work with all of them.

Ye Dam: The goal is to complete The First Step series because we have one more to come out soon. Since Chapter 2 is out, we want to prepare well for the next album. We’re planning to do not only music shows but also entertainment [television] programs. We’re kind of nervous but I think we can show our other charming points. We want to also meet more fans, and we’re trying to communicate with fans in various ways. Our goal is to share our music and our own color with everyone, and with our music give a lot of people joy and support.

Tamar Herman: Since you mentioned it, what can people look forward to from the third part of The First Step series?

Hyunsuk: Our goal is just to complete The First Step well.

This interview was conducted in Korean and English with the aid of translators, and edited for clarity.A brief timeline of the K-pop boom in American music from 2012 to present

There are countless stories of K-pop singers who have worked their way towards success in the world’s largest music industry. The first big wave of K-pop came from PSY’s “Gangnam Style” in 2012. This sensational song drew many Americans into the K-pop world, making the KCON convention an annual event in Los Angeles and New York.

Recently, K-Pop group BTS set a new record as they ranked No. 1 on Billboard’s Top 100 chart in America with the release of their new song, “Dynamite,” in English. Jina Yim, a sophomore majoring in biology, is an international student from South Korea who said the popularity of K-pop in America has made her proud to be Korean.

“I’ve been studying in the United States since sophomore year, and most of my friends didn’t care about K-pop then,” Yim said. “It makes me proud to be Korean to see what K-pop artists are achieving in Hollywood, and most importantly, I love to see many Americans wanting to know more about Korea.”

What’s special about BTS is that they are made up of only Korean members. Since none of the BTS members are from foreign nations and have lived in South Korea their entire lives, they represent Korean artists in the truest sense. In 2017, BTS started their journey in the American music industry when they received the Top Social Artist award at the Billboard Music Awards. They have since collaborated with artist Halsey, building a thick fanbase worldwide.

While BTS was building up their career in America, the new K-pop girl group, BLACKPINK, stepped into the Western music world too. Their fame in America began with the 2018 song “DDU-DU DDU-DU” as it set the YouTube record of the fastest music video to reach 1 million views. Americans were familiar with BLACKPINK when they performed at Coachella in 2019. This was the trigger for BLACKPINK’s path toward becoming mainstream artists in the American music industry. Additionally, BLACKPINK is made up of four members who speak a total of five languages. One of the members, Lisa, is from Thailand, which helped the group to earn support from a wider range of Asian audiences.

While BTS represents more traditional K-pop artists, BLACKPINK portrays the globalized version of K-pop style, which attracts foreign audiences, especially since America is a diverse community. Building up from these accomplishments, BLACKPINK was already building up a fan base through their YouTube channel. Collaborating with Dua Lipa, Lady Gaga and Selena Gomez, their new song, “Lovesick Girls,” reached No. 1 in the Billboard Top 100 charts the week it was released.

Both BTS and BLACKPINK appeared on American shows such as “The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon,” “The Late Late Show with James Corden” and “Good Morning America.” Their fame brought positive aspects such as raising awareness in Korean culture and political issues to the attention of American audiences. These K-pop artists are helping to change stereotypes toward Asians and increase acceptance of Asian culture and diversity.Menjalin sebuah hubungan asmara tentu bukan sebuah larangan dalam kehidupan sosial, tapi lain halnya dengan idol Kpop, nih. Memiliki sejumlah penggemar membuat para idol Kpop nggak leluasa untuk berpacaran di tempat keramaian.

Terkadang, saat skandal asmara mencuat, ada sebagian penggemar yang tidak setuju dengan hubungan tersebut. Mau nggak mau, mereka mencari cara agar hubungan asmara tetap aman dari media atau penggemar.

Berkencan di lokasi yang tidak disadari penggemar, menjadi salah satu jalan yang ditempuh oleh idol Kpop buat bertemu sang kekasih. Bahkan, lokasi tersebut diungkap langsung oleh beberapa idol Kpop yang nggak sengaja memergoki idol lain yang lagi menjalin asmara.

Wah, lokasi mana saja yang menjadi favorit idol Kpop untuk berkencan? Kapan mereka bertemu di tengah aktivitas yang padat? Yuk, langsung cari tahu di bawah ini, Bela.

Salah satu lokasi favorit yang kerap dijadikan idol Kpop bertemu sang pujaan hati adalah rumah. Yup, jika seorang idol Kpop telah pindah asrama atau memiliki rumah sendiri akan jauh lebih mudah sang kekasih untuk berkunjung di rumah tersebut. Nggak jarang pula, rumah menjadi target utama dari para paparazzi Korea untuk memergoki mereka yang lagi menjalin sebuah hubungan spesial. Sebut saja, Jihyo 'TWICE' yang tertangkap kamera setelah beberapa kali ketahuan mengunjungi rumah pribadi Kang Daniel. Hingga akhirnya, skandal kencan mereka mencuat ke publik.

Setelah rumah, idol Kpop yang sehari-hari diantar-jemput menggunakan mobil. Terkadang, menggunakan fasilitas mobil bisa menjadi lokasi rahasia buat idol Kpop bertemu dengan pujaan hatinya. Alih-alih, memakai mobil agensi yang mudah ketahuan oleh penggemar. Para idol Kpop biasanya membeli mobil baru atau memakai mobil sendiri untuk berkencan. Seperti halnya, beberapa idol Kpop yang berkencan di mobil yaitu Taeyeon dan Baekhyun atau Kai yang tampak menjemput Krystal.

Dalam sebuah video yang diunggak di kanal YouTube-nya, salah satu mantan anggota Dal Shabet, yakni Serrii membocorkan lokasi yang nggak disadari oleh penggemar untuk berkencan seorang idol Kpop. Serrii mengungkapkan jika seorang idol Kpop kerap merencanakan kencan mereka di sebuah salon. Menurutnya, lokasi tersebut jarang dicurigai karena biasanya para artis menggunakan tempat tersebut untuk merias wajah atau rambut mereka. Namun nyatanya, lokasi tersebut bisa menjadi tempat tersembunyi para idol Kpop untuk menjalin hubungan secara diam-diam. Bahkan, Hyeri dan Yura sendiri mengatakan hal serupa jika ada sekitar 10 pasangan idol Kpop yang mengatur kencannya di salon. Nggak hanya mengelabui agensi, namun juga publik pun tidak menyangka lokasi tersebut.

4. Program acara televisi Bertemu di tempat publik hanya berdua tentu akan langsung mengundang rumor. Oleh karena itu, idol Kpop yang pacaran atau saling melempar kode akan memanfaatkan sebuah program acara televisi buat curi-curi pandang ke kasihnya. Beberapa program televisi seperti acara musik atau Idol Star Athletic Championships menjadi tempat favorit idol Kpop buat berkencan tanpa disadari oleh penggemar. Pasalnya, ketika acara musik atau ISAC, mereka bisa saling menyapa dan mencuri kesempatan untuk berpegangan tangan meski hanya sebentar. Selain itu, area belakang panggung acara musik, tepatnya dekat vending machine atau di bawah tangga adalah lokasi terfavorit para idol untuk melepas rindu dengan kekasihnya. Lokasi rahasia tersebut pernah dipergoki oleh Jiyoon, mantan anggota dari 4Minute.

Sebelumnya, para idol Kpop memilih pergi ke Sungai Han di malam hari untuk berkencan, namun sejak lokasi tersebut sudah ketahuan oleh penggemar dan paparazzi, para idol Kpop pun mengalihkan lokasi pertemuan kencan mereka ke seperti bioskop. Selain itu, bioskop di Starfield COEX Mall adalah lokasi kencan favorit idol Kpop. Lokasi tersebut dibocorkan oleh seorang komedian Kim Shin Young di acara Celeb Five. Idol Kpop yang ingin berkencan biasanya masuk setelah lampu bioskop dimatikan. Mereka masuk dengan menggunakan penyamaran. Lalu, mereka pergi ke bioskop saat sepi dan malam hari.

Di salah episode dalam acara Video Star, Jiyoon dan Sandara Park membeberkan lokasi kafe yang nggak mudah diketahui penggemar. Kedua senior di industri hiburan Korea ini mengungkapkan jika ada sebuah kafe yang sepi, kafe yang terletak di area Chungdam atau Nonhyun. Kafe tersebut biasa dijadikan lokasi kencan favorit yang dipakai oleh para idol Kpop, namun nggak ingin kehidupan pribadinya diungkap ke publik. Kafe di area tersebut masih sangat sepi pengunjung, sehingga idol Kpop bisa leluasa untuk berpacaran. Ada-ada saja para idol Kpop ini buat bisa berkencan dengan kekasihnya, ya. Menurut kamu, ada nggak lokasi lain yang biasa dijadikan idol Kpop berkencan tapi nggak disadari oleh fans, Bela? Baca Juga: Berani Nyatakan Perasaan, Inilah 5 Idol Kpop yang Naksir Sesama Idol Baca Juga: Bikin Paparazzi Menyerah, 7 Kpop Idol Ini Bebas dari Skandal Kencan Baca Juga: 5 Alasan Kpop Idol Sering Kena Kritik Penggemar Soal KencanGet into the Halloween spirit with these K-pop music videos!

The spooky season is here and what better way to celebrate it than with some themed K-pop music videos. Take a look at these five picks which remind of Halloween with their supernatural motives or dark and eerie themes.

When thinking of K-pop and Halloween, one of the first things that come to mind is the iconic “Married To The Music” clip. The funky disco track is very addictive just by listening to it, but add the fun video and you get a full exciting experience.

Despite the lively tune, “Married To The Music” carries a lot of weird and crazy moments. It reminds of a Halloween party, especially through the parts with heads and eyes rolling around, quite literally! The music video might be from a couple years ago but it is most definitely not too old to watch.

Get your groove on this spooky season with an entertaining experience presented by SHINee! “Are you married to the music?”

Here is a warning for this clip, because it fits the dark holiday season really well!

The members of Cross Gene are running away, evidently scared of something or someone. Soon enough, the answer to the question of “who” or “what” is revealed and, no, you are not seeing double.

“Black or White” shows the fight between the dark and light sides of the members, portrayed through quite the graphic scenes. They represent the good and the bad that lives in every person and tries to coexist together.

Although, often enough, one of the two takes over the control…

For everyone who prefers a more lighter feel this spooky season, here is one of Red Velvet’s music videos. Have a little fun while singing along to the catchy chorus that will definitely stick into your mind.

The R&B pop dance song “RBB(Really Bad Boy)” has a lively feel to it, putting a brighter touch on the scary holiday. We get the Halloween graveyard setting and an obviously fake werewolf. Doesn’t the video just give you a fun 90s vibe?

You better be ready because, “Oh my god, he’s a really bad boy”!

A K-pop Halloween is not complete if there isn’t at least one of VIXX’s music videos in your playlist. The group, without a doubt, appears in every K-pop fan’s mind when thinking about the spooky holiday. A lot of the idol’s clips match with the season’s theme, that chances of picking the wrong one are very few.

The eerie start of “Voodoo Doll” will make viewers feel a cold chill, even if they are familiar with the video. The creepy rag doll in the clip is used as a way of hurting a certain person. A beautiful woman is in possession of the magical object, which makes her in control of the one it represents as well.

Along with the story that unfolds, the members’ choreography matches the atmosphere of the song as well, adding to the completion of the music video.

The impressive and unique sound of Dreamcatcher will give listeners a nice spin in their “Chase Me” clip. This is the group’s debut title track and we thought it fit perfectly with the Halloween season.

Why, you would ask?

The video has a lot of classic haunted movie elements that would hook you up and not let you go until the ending. Even then, the clip finishes with a “To be continued” message, indicating its connection to the group’s next main album song, “Good Night”.

“Chase Me” takes the viewer into a haunted hotel, following a man who constantly sees weird girls around. The twist is, every time he tries to film them, they do not show up on his camera. The Dreamcatcher members portray the creepy girls that show up in front of the male guest throughout the video.

Are you ready to go on a chasse with the alluring ladies?