To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SEOUL -- NCSoft, a major South Korean game publisher, will release a new all-in-one K-pop platform for global fans in 2021 to meet the market's demand for safe and fun online communities that offer a variety of entertainment features such as real-time concerts and shopping. The move followed the global success of a playground for fans of K-pop wonder BTS.K-pop representing South Korea's music industry in the global entertainment market has seen steady growth, led by BTS and BLACKPINK, to secure a firm position as one of the world's top trending genres of all time. As of 2019, online K-pop and K-drama fan clubs have more than 99 million members worldwide, according to the Korea Foundation, a non-profit public diplomacy organization.KLAP, a subsidiary of NCSoft, said in a statement on November 5 that it would release "UNIVERSE," a K-pop fandom platform, globally next year. Through the platform, fans can participate in online and offline activities. The software developer would start receiving pre-registrations on November 12.UNIVERSE will become an online nest where K-pop artists can communicate with fans and share original content in real-time, KLPA said, adding it would adopt new technologies such as artificial intelligence to provide a differentiated service. The names of artists who would nest in the new platform were not disclosed.Through Weverse, an online fan community platform created by Big Hit Entertainment, BTS has changed the paradigm of concerts by holding two live concert sessions in June and October this year to attract some two million fans worldwide. The online concerts came after BTS canceled its tour due to a COVID-19 pandemic.From raising hundreds of thousands of dollars for Thai protesters to inspiring the youths who join demonstrations through dances and social media, K-pop fans have emerged as a potent political force in Thailand’s anti-government movement.

Earlier this year, K-pop fans in the United States surprised many people by using their social media power to raise funds for Black Lives Matter and to sabotage a re-election rally for President Donald Trump.

But in Thailand they have been part of the youth culture for a long time, and their support for the protest movement reflects the frustrations of a generation that is unhappy with the government using the power of the state to stifle dissent.

“K-pop fans would love to just fangirl over our ‘oppas’ and care about nothing else, but with our country like this, we as citizens have to call for better things,” said Suphinchaya, 23, using the term of endearment for male K-pop artists.

Like many Thai protesters, she declined to give her full name because of the sensitivity of the issue.

Young, mostly female, and social media-savvy, the profile of K-pop fans matches that of many protesters, said Chayanit Choedthammatorn, a Thai researcher of Korean studies.

“Although they are K-pop fans, they are Thai citizens first,” she said.

The greatest spur to action was an Oct. 16 crackdown, when police used water cannons to disperse protesters who had defied a ban aimed at ending protests against Prime Minister Prayut Chan-ocha, a former army chief, and to demand curbs on the monarchy’s power.

Far from the scene, Areeya started a Twitter poll from her Girls’ Generation fanbase account with over 17,500 followers to see if they would help fund the cause.

Results were overwhelmingly positive, she said, as K-pop fans were no stranger to lightning fundraising campaigns — previously using them to buy billboard ads in public spaces to celebrate their beloved artists’ birthdays or album releases.

“Many people were angered by the crackdown and police violence against unarmed protesters that day. They turned that anger into donation money,” said Areeya, 23.

In just nine hours, Thai fans of the girl group, who called themselves SONEs, raised more than 780,000 baht ($25,000), along with other Thai K-pop fandoms that collectively raised more than 4 million baht ($128,000) that week.

Areeya and her team coordinated purchases of protective equipment such as helmets and goggles, organizing deliveries to protest sites, and recording everything for transparency.

The largest chunk of the donation went to Thai Lawyers for Human Rights, a nonprofit group that provided pro bono legal assistance to more than 90 protesters arrested since mid-October.

Thai fans of K-pop’s biggest names such as BTS, Super Junior, EXO, Blackpink and SHINee also mobilized. The artists’ labels, SM Entertainment, Big Hit Entertainment, and YG Entertainment, did not immediately respond to Reuters’ requests for comment.

“We’re proud to support the cause we believe in, in the name of someone we love,” said Jan, 27, who raised more than 700,000 baht ($22,500) with Super Junior’s fandom E.L.F. in 22 hours.

“We suddenly have more than 10 million baht ($321,440) in our bank account,” said director Yaowalak Anuphan. “I’m amazed by the K-pop fans.”

On social media, K-pop fan accounts that used to focus on news about their favorite artists have turned political — promoting protest-related hashtags and undermining pro-monarchy hashtags with sarcastic messages and K-pop slang.

The presence of K-pop fans is visible at protests, as activists wave LED signs and light sticks, as they would at K-pop concerts, and hold gold-framed pictures of music idols that parody portraits of Thai royals.

The fans’ knowledge of South Korea’s history and the part pop culture played in recent protests was also a source for inspiration.

Natchapol Chaloeykul, 24, danced at recent protests to the sounds of “Into the New World” by Girls’ Generation — the song sung at student rallies that led to the impeachment of former South Korean president Park Geun-hye in 2017.

“K-pop fans read up about South Korea, and when we look back on our country, we wonder why we can’t be where they are,” said Natchapol.

“Like in the song, we want new things for our country too.”Another K-pop act has sparked outrage in China after members of the globally popular girl band Blackpink were shown holding a baby panda – drawing accusations that they had risked harming the health of a national treasure.

Last month, the K-pop phenomenon BTS were criticised in China after the band’s leader, RM, cited the “history of pain” shared between South Korea and the US, who fought alongside each other in the Korean war. China came to the aid of North Korean forces during the 1950-53 conflict and suffered significant losses.

The four members of Blackpink, whose 2019 single Kill This Love has just surpassed 1.1bn views on YouTube, were shown holding Fu Bao, the first panda to be born in South Korea, as part of a trailer for their online reality show, “24/365 with Blackpink”.

The cub, which was introduced to the public last week, was born in July to parents who arrived in South Korea from Sichuan province in 2016 as part of China’s “panda diplomacy”.

The footage prompted some Chinese media and online commentators to denounce the artists for touching Fu Bao without wearing sanitary gloves, saying it threatened the cub’s health.

Users of Weibo, China’s version of Twitter, joined in the criticism. Posts referencing the incident have received millions of views, and generated tens of thousands of posts with a hashtag accusing the group of incorrectly handling the animal.

The hashtags “Blackpink” and “panda” were trending on South Korean Twitter over the weekend, with some users urging the country to return the pandas, while others complained that the animals are not native to South Korea and cost too much to raise.

Blackpink’s music label, YG Entertainment, said it had postponed showing the full version of the show, which had been due to appear on the band’s YouTube channel this week.

But it said the video had been filmed with zookeepers and veterinarians present, and that every precaution had been taken to protect the panda’s health.

“When Blackpink met the baby panda, all members wore hygiene gloves, masks and protective clothing ... hands and shoes were disinfected at every transition,” the agency said in a statement.

“Nevertheless, in respect of international cooperation practices and recommendations from panda experts who say that nonprofessionals having close contact with the baby panda can cause misunderstandings, we decided to withhold the release of the related video.”SEOUL -- ENHYPEN, a new K-pop boy band nurtured by the creator and head producer of BTS, will release its debut album on November 30. Well before its official debut, the band has been considered this year's most notable rookie, garnering huge attention from global K-pop fans, and each member already has more than one million followers through various social media.The band preparing for its first flight has seven survivors of I-Land, a TV reality program created by South Korean entertainment giant CJ ENM. The survival music show's main producer was Big Hit Entertainment founder Bang Si-hyuk, the genius producer who created BTS.After the success of BTS that captured millions of fans worldwide, South Korean entertainment companies have benchmarked Big Hit to create the next K-pop world star. As a result, girl band BLACKPINK and all-star boy band SuperM were born. CJ ENM and Big Hit established a joint venture BELIFT LAB in March 2019 in a bid to find new K-pop prodigies who can shake the global music scene.BELIFT LAB said in a statement on November 20 that ENHYPEN's debut album "BORDER : DAY ONE" contained six songs bearing each member's personal stories and feelings. The title song is "Given-Taken".Some 3.1 million fans follow ENHYPEN through Weverse, a social media platform operated by Big Hit. The band sold more than 150,000 copies of its album for two days through pre-orders in October. ENHYPEN will participate in a year-end live concert organized by Big Hit labels to perform with other artists such as BTS, TXT, GFRIEND and NU'EST. The concert will be broadcast through WeVerse on December 31.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.K-pop soloist BoA is set to drop an album celebrating her 20th anniversary in the music industry next month, her agency said Thursday.



BoA will release her 10th full-length album titled "Better" on Dec. 1, SM Entertainment said in a press release, without elaborating on the album's 11 tracks.



The 34-year-old, who debuted in 2000, is one of the first K-pop artists who rose to overseas fame and is often credited for helping "hallyu," or the global popularity of Korean pop music, take root.



She was the first Korean singer to top Japan's Oricon music chart with her first full-length album, "Listen to My Heart," in 2002.



Earlier this year, SM Entertainment hosted "Our Beloved BoA," a retrospective project celebrating the 20th anniversary of her debut.



Grammy-nominated American singer Gallant released an English remake of "Only One," a 2012 hit song by K-pop soloist BoA, while Baekhyun of K-pop boy band EXO and female singer Bolbbalgan4 released remakes of BoA's "Garden In the Air" and "Atlantis Princess," respectively. (Yonhap)ABU DHABI, UAE & SEOUL, South Korea--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Organized by Korea Creative Content Agency (KOCCA), the K-Pop online concert 'KITE: K-POP in the Emirates' will be unveiled on 13 November at 8 p.m. (UAE Time) at Korean Cultural Center YouTube Channel (https://www.youtube.com/c/KoreanCulturalCenterintheUAE).

The online concert has been specially organized as a part of the Korea Festival 2020 in line with Cultural Dialogue to celebrate the 40 years of diplomatic relations between Korea and UAE.

A total of 26 K-Pop musicians including NCT U, ASTRO, ATEEZ, AB6IX, THE BOYZ, Lovelyz, MOMOLAND, PENTAGON, CIX, (G)I-DLE, KIM JAE HWAN, W JSN, CRAVITY, CLC, Golden Child, Cherry Bullet, Rocket Punch, GIANT PINK, Dreamcatcher, DRIPPIN, EVERGLOW, CIGNATURE, DKB, B.O.Y, 3YE and AleXa will participate in the online concert to meet a long waited K-Pop fans in the UAE.

The title of the concert KITE is an abbreviation of “K-POP in the Emirates” which also has a dual meaning of flying kites in the sky. The title is carefully chosen to show the meaning of both Korean and UAE kites flying in the sky to celebrate 40 years of strong friendship as well as to give hope to the K-Pop fans in the UAE who are having challenging times due to Covid-19.

Although the concert will be performed online, the special messages from K-Pop groups to the UAE fans will also be released to be more connected to each other during the event.

The K-Pop online concert 'KITE: K-POP in the Emirates' will be released for six days from November 13 to 18. For more information, please visit http://www.koreafestivaluae.com.The field of music is considered to be a space where cultures intertwine -- language no bar. And Chinese-Australian artistegoes on to prove that. with her debut EP, 'COLLABS VOL. 1 (INT’L VER.)', released on Friday.The EP is multi-faceted, featuring tracks in English, Tagalog, Korean, Japanese, Mandarin and Hindi. "I grew up listening to all kinds of music in different languages which is why I love the fusion of sounds from various countries from around the world," WENGIE said. "I love exploring different cultures and encourage diversity so it was wonderful to work with talented artists from around the world and sharing that with my fans, you can say I like making content that's universal!"The EP's focus track, '', sees WENGIE join hands with Indian singerand rapper, in what is considered to be a 'KPop meets' moment. The bi-lingual track amps up on the weekend vibe with a groovy pop beat and melodic vocals. The track is backed with an animated music video, where the three artiste's avatars embark on a fairytale-esque journey.For Shalmali, the collaboration is one thing she can tick off her bucket list. “K-Pop has been an integral of Pop-culture for a while now, and it was one of things I really hoped to do someday - work with aArtist," she said. "When the Wengie collaboration came up, I was thrilled because it’s a form of music that I’ve been interested in exploring and with the Indian rhythmic elements in the mix! It was a delight chatting with, discussing and then singing ‘Thing You Want’ with Wengie. She is a sweetheart.”Ikka further added, “I was very excited when I first heard the idea of featuring with Wengie on ‘Thing You Want’! I like to collaborate with artists from every part of the globe and working with a well known K-Pop artist like Wengie was a different and amazing experience altogether - I said yes to the collaboration instantly. Shalmali too sounds excellent on the track!”For WENGIE, the track was a way to show her appreciation to her fans in the sub-continent. "I hope all our fans enjoy this EP and the new song out with Shalmali and Ikka was super exciting because I grew up surrounded by the Indian culture and wanted to show appreciation to my fans there. They were amazing to work with and this song is the thing you want right now!”'Thing You Want' is produced by Michel “Lindgren” Schulz. The track is co-written by Wengie, Shalmali, Ikka, Melanie Fontana and GG Ramirez. WENGIE earlier collaborated with (G)I-dle's Minnie for the track ''.If you've found yourself looking into the history of K-pop boys in crop tops, you are not alone. When the promotional photos for TXT's latest EP Minisode 1: Blue Hour hit the internet in late September, it didn't take long for "crop top" to trend worldwide on Twitter. The reason? Oldest member Yeonjun's white, smiley-face long sleeve, the hem of which ended just above his navel.

It was a relatively bold yet still brazenly youthful look for rookie group TOMORROW X TOGETHER, whose previous concepts called for a more boyish, street style — like bomber jackets and colorful tees, ripped jeans with plaid overlays, baggy sweaters, and animal prints mixed with leather. But "Blue Hour" signaled a playful and purposeful new era for TXT, the "not boys, not yet men" phase of their young careers, and with it came a leveled-up wardrobe in an array of cutoff shirts.

Yeonjun's cropped Balenciaga sweater. Taehyun's tiny pastel pullover and exposed abs. Beomgyu’s long-sleeved Levi’s tee. With the “Blue Hour” MV, the members of TXT embrace one of K-pop's most popular fashion trends: The crop top – a sartorial choice that, over time, has become something of a rite of passage for all K-pop "It" boys.

Some recent instances of K-pop boys in crop tops include Monsta X leader Shownu, who wore a cropped ruby suit jacket — with nothing underneath — during a recent performance of "Love Killa" on Korean music show M Countdown. In July, SEVENTEEN member Wonwoo shocked fans when he donned a midriff-baring t-shirt while promoting the single "Left & Right" (notably, it was a suggestion from leader S.Coups.) He later revisited the style in the music video for the group’s latest Japanese release "24H," donning a classic black crop top and a cropped red blazer.

NCT's Taeyong — no stranger to short hemlines, cutouts, lace, and chiffon — rocked a cropped, embroidered blouse for SuperM's "Tiger Inside" stages. Wonho left little to the imagination in a variety of navel-exposing ‘fits during the music video for his solo debut "Open Mind." One of the looks featured an open-front sweater that echoed singer Ginuwine's memorable plum blazer from 2000.

Other artists like ATEEZ's Seonghwa and Stray Kids' Felix and Bang Chan have also jumped on the trend in the past few months, following the likes of GOT7's BamBam, Kang Daniel, the members of A.C.E, and K-pop's reigning crop top king, EXO's Kai. From knit sweaters and denim jackets to military-inspired vests and the more common cotton tees, Kai has graced the stage clad in almost every iteration of the garment.

While it may appear that K-pop is experiencing a “Crop Top Renaissance” as of late, men in the industry have been showing skin since the mid-aughts, when teen idol group TVXQ burst onto the scene in 2003 with their heartthrob good looks and androgynous fashion.

Members Jaejoong and Yunho can be seen in white cropped shirts during a 2004 live performance of "The Way U Are," and in 2005, Jaejoong embraced the concept fully, promoting "Rising Sun" in a now-famous cropped black suit jacket that showed off his belly-button piercing. A few years later, in 2009, South Korean singer Ajoo wore a sleeveless, black belly shirt that sat inches well above his navel like a proper half-shirt while promoting his single "Wealthy 2nd Generation."

During a 2012 press conference, SHINee's Taemin pulled off one of the more polarizing looks of his prolific career in an asymmetrical, belly-baring shirt. Taemin's choice perhaps inspired the artist to take even more fashion risks throughout his solo career. In his new music video for “Idea,” he's seen sporting a cozy turtleneck sweater with a peak of midriff. But even before that, the performer has become known for his more gender-neutral looks. In 2017, he told Billboard he "really wanted fans to understand that outer appearances really don’t matter."

Certainly, it’s safe to say these K-pop artists all challenge today's Western ideas of heteronormative masculinity by donning their cropped threads. But it hasn't always been that way.On August 7, Soumyata Narula heard her first BTS track called "Jump". “Imagine! It had to be the seventh day of the month,” she points out excitedly, referring to the significance of the number 7 with respect to the Korean pop band comprising seven members that, mildly put, is a global sensation. (The fans of the band often use the term "OT7" -- which means "One True 7" -- to imply that they love all seven members equally and cannot choose a favourite.)Narula, a 39-year-old media professional, never imagined herself becoming an ARMY -- short for Adorable Representative MC for Youth, a term the K-pop band’s fans use to describe themselves. She is not even that fond of music, except for a few old songs, like her caller tune -- Tumne Mujhe Dekha, sung by Mohd. Rafi.“Yet, I fell for BTS, and I fell hard." Narula credits her two younger friends, part of ARMY, for introducing her to BTS and relentlessly tutoring her about their origin story. But what finally got her to embrace ARMYhood, she says, is the ongoing pandemic “Hand on heart, these seven boys got me through the pandemic," says Narula who stays alone in her Mumbai apartment. BTS songs give her the strength to combat loneliness during these universally trying times, she adds.While their beats and backstory had her intrigued, it is a chance Googling of the lyrics of "Jump" and finding depth in those words that brought her over to ARMY’s side. Fully entrenched into all the BTS-related content available on the internet right now, Narula says the pandemic inadvertently brought this companion into her life. “Otherwise, I wouldn’t have had the time to read all about them.”K-pop, as well as Korean dramas, have been a prominent subculture among India ’s GenZ and millennials for the last couple of years now. Along with other cultural exports from the country like K-beauty and Korean food, they form a part of the Korean cultural wave, called Hallyu.While K-beauty is fairly popular among Indians, K-pop and K-drama seem to have had their biggest breakthrough moment in India during the ongoing pandemic, as more people found the time and inclination to explore different kinds of content until they landed on something that offered them the perfect mental escape from the anxiety of the times we are in.Embracing Korean content requires a fair amount of time because of the language barrier, and the pandemic-led lockdown allowed many urbanites to make that kind of investment, be it in terms of looking up song lyrics for K-pop or staying glued to their screens to catch the subtitles of K-dramas.In the last three months, India has climbed a few ranks to be among the top five or six countries contributing to YouTube music-video views of K-pop bands like BTS and BLACKPINK. On JioSaavn’s music-streaming platform, BTS was ranked 68th in January with approximately 780,000 streams amongst audiences that listen to English music. “Since then, the group has moved up to the 8th spot in October 2020 with over 2.3 million streams,” a company spokesperson tells ET. This is significant because unlike Spotify, a popular international music-streaming platform where BTS has consistently garnered record-breaking listens, local platforms like JioSaavn have only just begun ramping up their K-pop library.Last month, Samsung India rolled out a digital campaign featuring audio-visual clips from BTS’s latest hit track Dynamite to introduce Galaxy S20 fan edition mobile phones. On October 11, the campaign went live on TV across Hindi-English entertainment channels. To some members of Indian ARMY -- a community of several thousands, if not more, their favourite K-pop band getting this kind of recognition at a national scale was a cause for celebration. Many posted about it on their social media accounts, too.But that’s not all the recognition they’ve got from the mainstream world. In April, singer-actor Diljit Dosanjh tweeted about being a fan of BTS’s live concerts. Important to note here that Dosanjh has, on several occasions, shared that he derives the most satisfaction from audience reactions during his live shows.Last month, actor Tiger Shroff posted a choreography video inspired by BTS’s Dynamite track on his Instagram account, fetching hearts from several other stars of tinsel town. Popular content creators, like Kusha Kapila, have also spoken about diving deep into the world of K-pop and K-drama in the last few months, inspiring their followers to follow in their footsteps.The hype got YouTuber Ankush Bahuguna to do a BTS reaction video recently, where he admitted that he bought into the whole vibe even though he didn’t understand a word.Unlike content consumption trends of the West that heavily influence Indian pop culture , language becomes a big barrier for Hallyu wavemakers. Interestingly, there’s also been a huge spike in the number of active learners of Korean language in the country in the last six months.Language-learning platform Duolingo saw just an 11% increase in Korean learners in India between October 2019 and February 2020. “Through the month of March, the increase is 98%. But between March and now, we've seen a 256% increase in Korean learners in India,” says Michaela Kron, lead PR and social media manager at the company. A few hundred thousand users from India are learning Korean on the platform right now.Several other data points indicate India’s growing interest in Korean culture.Weverse, an app that allows fans to interact with their favourite K-pop idols, has seen its monthly active users (MAUs) on Google Play Store in India grow by 64% between October 2019 and February this year. From March to September, the MAUs have gone up by 115% to a little over 87,000 users, as per estimated data available with web analytics platform Similar Web.The more people explore the various aspects of Korean culture, the more they get acquainted with issues like the unrealistic beauty standards, casual sexism, exploitation of artists (more of a global issue), that are prominent in this world. Most prefer to focus on the positives, and there are plenty of those.For instance, YouTuber Bahuguna appreciates how “BTS beautifully normalises the idea that makeup is genderless. It's not very often that you see a boy band be so unapologetic about their love for fashion and makeup,” he says.In the last six months, Bahuguna hasn’t got even half of the YouTube views he fetched on his first BTS reaction video on any other piece of content he posted across platforms.Pretty much anything associated with BTS is bound to get people instant traction and many try to cash in that clout for social cred. But Bahuguna knows ARMY is quick to catch what’s not genuine. "Their songs are so catchy, I totally get why people are so obsessed with them," he says. He plans to do reaction videos on K-dramas next, yet another Korean cultural export that has considerably widened its circle of influence in the last 6-7 months.K-drama-watching veterans from India would recall seeing ads from unheard of foreign brands while binge-watching their favourite Korean title on Rakuten Viki, a US-based Korean-drama-dominated streaming platform.Till a year ago, these ads were just filing up inventory. Today, a Viki user from affluent urban India is likely to hit “Skip Ad” on a local ad, like the latest Cred campaign featuring celebs like Anil Kapoor, Madhuri Dixit, and most recently Govinda, failing their auditions for the said campaign.Rakuten Viki saw its overall traffic from India take a 3% hit between October 2019 and February this year. But then it witnessed the site traffic climb up by 36% in the month of March at 1,102,000 hits, and another 46% over the last six months at 1,598,000 hits, as per ET’s analysis of estimated data available on web analytics firm SimilarWeb.At MX Player, “the Hindi-dubbed versions of K-dramas are catering to an audience set of an English movie channel,” says Karan Bedi, the streaming platform’s CEO, in order to give perspective on the size and scope of Korean content in India. (Disclaimer: MX Player is owned by Times Internet Ltd. (TIL), part of the Times Group which also publishes ET).Streaming platforms have been quick to gauge Indian user’s growing appetite for Korean content, says Alisha Gonsalves, a 24-year-old lawyer from Pune. Since the beginning of the lockdown, Netflix has been aggressively marketing its original Korean content, she notes. That and her younger sister, who happens to be a big Hallyu wave rider, pushed her into watching her first K-drama -- It’s Okay To Not Be Okay -- a few months ago. “What I like the most about these dramas is their writing, and that they have an inherent positive undertone to them -- something the whole world is seeking at the moment.”This alleged “good-naturedness” of these soaps drew 38-year-old Vidya Gopal and her mother, Kalyani, 68, into the world of K-dramas. It was propelled by her relatively younger cousin, a veteran K-drama fan, of course. So, when Gopal was sharing space with her extended family during the initial phase of the lockdown, these dramas made for an ideal post-lunch family-friendly-viewing. “Sitting in our pyjamas, watching these good-looking and well-dressed people on-screen served as a good distraction amidst these distressing times,” adds Gopal, an illustrator from Bengaluru.Since March, at least six Korean titles have appeared on Netflix India’s trending list, including Kingdom 2, Crash Landing on You, It’s Okay to Not be Okay, and Light Up The Sky (a documentary centered around popular K-pop girl band BLACKPINK). A lot of K-drama OST (original soundtracks) have also gained popularity among Indian K-drama fans.For a country that has long obsessed over aping the West, embracing the Korean cool is a sign of breaking away from the stereotypes associated with the Far-East.Almost every fresh Hallyu convert had preconceived notions about people from the region that they happily admit to now. Preksha Jain, a Mumbai-based yoga instructor who recently hopped on the K-drama bandwagon, believed that she won’t like how the Korean men look. “They all look similar,” she thought. “Now, I’m crushing hard on Hyun Bin,” she says, referring to the lead actor of the drama Crash Landing on You (CLOY) that unspooled the love story between a South Korean female tycoon and a North Korean army officer.“Indian women drooling over Korean men was unheard of,” notes YouTuber Scherezade Shroff. Until May, even she wondered why one of her friends was obsessed with Korean dramas. Shroff gave CLOY a try when she had run out of everything else to watch during the pandemic.“And that was how I began my journey down this rabbit hole.” Since then, she has started a K-Drama Club on Facebook that has 3,000-plus members as of date. She’s also doing K-drama review videos with fellow club members now. In a first, she has started ordering Korean ramen noodles and kimchi, a lot. “These days, everyone jokingly calls me half-Korean,” she says.Meanwhile, Jain is busy watching all of Hyun Bin’s interviews online, looking for their videos with subtitles like many other international fans who can reliably be found either asking for subtitled videos or posting links offering them in YouTube's comments section.“We are finally starting to explore the other side of the world now,” says Jain.Why did this happen?

Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.A in Seoul eight middle-aged women in matching sky-blue hoodies, hair bands and face masks are sharing dried figs and persimmons as they chat and snap selfies. They have travelled from all over the country for the opening weekend of “Mr Trot”, a film based on a South Korean television show that aired earlier this year. In the show, a mix of washed-up and aspiring male crooners chosen from 15,000 applicants dress up in pastel suits and semi-unbuttoned silk shirts and sing old South Korean ballads to compete for the title of “Mr Trot”. The women, whose hoodies read “Lim Young-woong, you are my hero”, are members of an online fan club for the winner. They are not alone in their obsession: more than 30% of South Korean television-viewers tuned into the show’s final episode in March.

Trot, which emerged in the early 20th century when the Korean peninsula was a Japanese colony, blends traditional Korean music with elements of the Japanese and Western popular songs of the era. It has long been ubiquitous in South Korea, but it has been a long time since it was considered cool—if it ever was. The ballads, with their cheesy melodies, melodramatic lyrics and repetitive beats are perennial favourites with drunken revellers in noraebang, or “singing rooms”, the South Korean equivalent of karaoke parlours. Songs about doomed romance, lost hometowns and the general tragedy of life blare from speakers at motorway service stations and from the radios of buses and taxis driven by older men. The more up-tempo numbers are beloved of political parties at election time, when candidates and activists regale voters with clunky dancing set to trot blasting from campaign lorries.

But partly thanks to the popularity of “Mr Trot” and its predecessor “Miss Trot”, a similarly popular programme with female contestants that aired last year, the genre has gone from a sentimental throwback to a potent cultural force. The shows’ stars have become celebrities. In 2019 two of the three most popular music acts in South Korea were trot singers, eclipsed only by , the world’s biggest boy band. Trot singers top the charts for streaming and record sales. Several new trot-themed television shows are trying to emulate the success of their famous predecessors. Companies selling everything from coffee to gas boilers have recruited trot stars to front advertising campaigns.

The trot renaissance owes a lot to South Korea’s other big musical genre, -pop, as well as to covid-19. At the cinema in Seoul, the blue-hooded women explain that in running their fan club, they have been inspired by devotees of -pop, who are notable not just for their ardour, but for their organisation. “We co-ordinate on social media to vote for our favourite candidates and stream their songs every day to make sure they make the charts,” says the 50-something woman with long hair and big glasses who has organised the outing and who became a trot fan while bored at home during the early days of the pandemic. Members’ age ranges from 40 to over 80. “If someone older doesn’t know how to do the right thing on their phone, we teach them.” This sort of activism is new for the middle-aged people who tend to listen to trot, says Son Min-jung of Korea National University of Education, who studies the history and cultural significance of the genre. “They used to be passive listeners—trot has always been popular, but now it’s visible,” she says.

And even though trot fans are much older than -pop groupies, they are no more level-headed or dispassionate. The cinema in Seoul is full of middle-aged women who alternatively whoop and weep as their hero and his fellow contestants sing, dance and change into a dazzling array of costumes for two and a half plodding hours. Their only complaint is that “there could have been more about them hanging out together, just like brothers—because it’s not just about one of them winning, but all of them together.” That remark, too, could have come straight from a hardened fan. ■SEOUL (Reuters) - In a film theatre near Seoul, scores of middle-aged South Korean women in matching baby-blue T-shirts, hair bands and face masks inscribed with the word “Hero” are screaming, singing along and taking selfies.

They are some of the 135,000-member fan club of top male South Korean singer Lim Young-woong, gathering to watch “Mr Trot: The Movie”, a movie featuring him and other singers who perform the country’s oldest form of popular music, commonly called trot.

Lim’s fan club is called “Age of Hero”, after the singer’s name which means hero in Korean.

Once ridiculed as music for grannies, trot is making a comeback and many South Koreans, mostly in their 40s and above, are cheering an alternative to K-pop idol music in one of the world’s fastest ageing societies.

K-pop is a multi-billion-dollar global music industry with bubbly bands like BTS and BLACKPINK enjoying huge fan bases outside South Korea.

But at home, trot signers performing old ballads have seen the biggest increase in fans, according to top portal website Daum that analyses growth rates of fan clubs and their social media activities.

“Our country is ageing, but it is hard to find songs that bring emotional empathy for the elderly population because the music is too idol-oriented” said Park Woo-jung, 54, a member of Age of Hero.

“But listening to Lim Young-woong, I find his voice beautiful and comforting,” said Park, wearing the sky-blue Hero mask. Lim’s new single topped online music charts earlier this month.

Although considered uncool by youngsters, trot music has a broad national following with a storied history of success going back before the birth of modern K-pop. The music’s melancholic lyrics of unrequited love or yearning played to a repetitive beat has resonated with babyboomers and retirees, the generation that helped build Asia’s fourth-largest economy.

Today, fans of the genre have become an economic force to reckon with and many use their unlimited data plans to plug into streaming sites or vote for their favourite stars at awards, embracing ways of K-pop followers.

“Fandom of the middle-age and elderly is unconditional,” said Jung Duk Hyun, a pop culture columnist. “They have time to listen all day. They have money, and think their stars energize their life, then aggressively invest by buying and clicking.”

When Lim of Mr. Trot became the model for a Ssangyong Motor SUV this year, sales surged 63% in May and 98% in June compared to the vehicle’s monthly average sales between January and April this year, the carmaker said.

Song Jong-choon is a fan of trot singer Song Ga-in whose songs, he says, “heal his broken soul,” especially one about lost hometowns that remind him of the countryside home he left. He doesn’t hesitate a moment to support her career.

“We are old, and many of us are in 50s who have economic power, so normally don’t mind the spending. But, if you are a (K-pop) idol fan, you have to do a part-time job to buy a concert ticket.”

Song is head of Song Ga-in’s fan club “AGAIN” with 57,000 members and six regional chapters. The club has its own guide book to show how to subscribe to streaming sites, and click likes for her music videos.

The living room of his apartment is decorated with giant photos of the singer and merchandise in her signature pink ranging from aprons to cushions with the singer’s pictures.

Trot is unlikely to reach the global success of K-pop largely because of the language barrier, but fans believe their fandom as something special, treating their stars as if they are their own children.

“BTS has (its fanclub) ARMY but we are Mommies,” said Hwang Eun-jeong, a 52-year-old housewife and a member of Lim Young-woong’s fan club.Geopolitics on this diminishing ball in space is not going away. On the contrary, geopolitics is growing to hitherto un-imaginable heights much faster than most people think.

Imagine a possible future world something like this:

· The African Union – the world’s biggest continental free-trade-area AfCFTA – of soon-to-be (2035) 1.8 billion people with Parliament in South Africa.

· The European Union (de-facto incl. EFTA) – small on global scale, but more independent, rich and educated than today

· North America (centered on an at least relatively weakened USA)

· A hypothetic Mega-Eurasian Region including the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) with Russia. Enlarged with Turkey, Iran and even Pakistan, Afghanistan, Syria, and Iraq, this would fit nicely into the above possible future picture of the world.

Such Mega Regions as above will come to integrate economy (incl. currency), culture, infrastructure, traffic, energy, environment and above all political administration with security within themselves as well as between themselves. Shrinking the planet ever more. Who will need the intruding USA of today in a future world of self-administering and self-securing Mega-Regions? These Mega Regions will not need the “balancing” or “stabilization” which the USA peddles. In this world, the USA will need to define a new role and self-perception for herself over the next 25 years.

In this future there may also be less room for the English – they may end up as losers even within their own broken and disunited “United” Kingdom. The problem for the English is their mid-size: The UK is not big enough to be a relatively self-sustaining market unto herself like the USA and increasingly China. Even these Mega Regions will depend on trade with each other – else they will suffer the fate of the USSR and Mao’s China. The UK depends crucially on open trade access to very big markets. A small (soon to be independent) country like Greenland with 56,000 inhabitants might probably much more easily find satisfying economic niches than Brexit-UK will with 67 million people which have self-detached from the EU-market.

In such a possible world of Mega Regions – do Russians want to be losers like the English today increasingly look like? Or does Russia want to continue to be a great world leader – one of the leading leaders – in a mega-club, for instance with Turkey, Iran, and Pakistan? As Russia holds on to influence in as much geographic room as possible of what the Soviet Union influenced, the answer to that question is already given. Russia wants to be a winner in today’s real-politics of nascent Mega Regions – not a loser like the English in their dreamed-up replay of the pre-previous century. Russia’s conundrum now like since 300 years is to match her external club-making with her own internal growth. The French and the Germans have learned the joy of sharing power. With possible resourceful partners like Turkey (educated, one of G20), Iran (well-educated), Pakistan (well-educated), subject to re-established partnership with the EU, Russia may not again need to exhaust herself as she did once or twice before in history – Russia herself can grow in this process.

And what about South America? The majority of Latin American countries are all culturally wary enough of US meddling (Monroe doctrine) and have for a century resisted “dependencia”. Seeing how successfully Africa now unites, South America may be ripe for a similar development – and the Mercosur with its own Parliament (in Montevideo) is already there for South American governance expansion in their own Mega Region.

The result of Mega Regions might be something like this (see illustration 1).

Instead of Huntington’s miscarried idea of civilizations “clashing” we might see the opposite – that civilizations, cultures, religions, and ethnicities grow together across borders. The illustration above is a map of such plausible governance integration.

The Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) is depicted on the map, because the EAEU (though formally an economic union) is in reality a regional political governance aiming at further integration. In contrast, the NAFTA as a shallow pure free-trade area is not included on this map of political Mega Regions, because the USA (incl. US “liberals”) consistently cut Mexico and even Canada off from continental governance. There is no “NAFTA Parliament” underway. And the US may in future even lose some of sometimes high-handed control which the USA today has over her two neighbors.

Similarly, ASEAN is only lightly drafted as part of the light area around a future Chinese influence, because the ASEAN has decided not to pursue closer political regional governance like the European Union (EU), the African Union (AU), the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU), and the MERCOSUR do. When looking at East Asia on the map (illustration 1), please bear in mind that we here look a little into the future at a time, when the US 7th Pacific Fleet has been pushed out by the fast growing Chinese PLAN Fleet in all waters around China (incl. Taiwan). As China grows (and US 7th Fleet influence wanes), the ASEAN might in future choose a closer political integration, inspired by the EU and African model, but there is no sign of that happening yet.

The EAEU (5 members as of today) will for year 2020 achieve a GDP of USD 1,700 billion – only 11% of the EU and China respectively (both of which now have GDPs of USD 15,000 billion). More tellingly, the EAEU is today only two-thirds of India (with a GDP of USD 2,600 billion). The hypothesized enlarged EAEU (15 members, the two blue areas on map) would considerably catapult the EAEU up on the global economic ladder with a combined GDP of near USD 3,600 billion (2020 data, for Syria latest available statistics from before the war). On the top-of-world economic list, an enlarged EAEU would aspire to be 140% of India – nearly half-bigger than India. Politically, the enlarged EAEU’s human and natural resources with geo-strategic control could become much more pivotal than the economic data suggest. (GDP figures from IMF WEO 2020/10)

It is just like in corporate business – apart from a few niche states, states are pressed to merge or form cooperative cartels to achieve critical mass in the world competition. These upcoming country Mega cooperations will as a general tendency increasingly be of multiple partners coming together for common governance (like for example the African Union) and less of the “hub-and-spoke” type. Please bear in mind that the world is fractal, meaning that types of social structures are repeated at different levels – commune, substate, state, Mega Region and even Mega-mega Region. Thus, even Mega Regions may come together in structures of multiple partners of common governance. For instance, you might in this future see the establishment of a joint Mega-mega governance of neighboring Mega Regions EU-AU-EAEU-China-India. Mega Region to Mega Region relations must be managed carefully by all for mutual success. No Mega Region will be enough in itself. Integrating Mega Regions with each other must thus be a careful undertaking.

For instance, Turkey is a member of the EU Customs Union With the political changes in Belarus which are underway, Belarus might soon be offered a Free-Trade or EU Customs Union with the EU, similar to the EU trade-advantages which the Ukraine and Turkey already enjoy. These countries Turkey, the Ukraine and Belarus are clever – they will not be so foolish as the UK to throw away their EU trade privileges. There is here a conundrum to solve, because as East-West bridges, we need Belarus, Turkey and the Ukraine to be able to enjoy the best of East and West: EU privileges in combination with the future Mega Region advantages of EAEU affiliation.

To prosper, the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) and the African Union (AU) need an extended free trade area with the EU. We simply need an EU + AU + EAEU Mega Free-Trade Area. The EU has a self-interest in both cases, the African Union as well as Russia and a future Mega EAEU all the way to Pakistan, in granting such trade privileges.

The African Union covers a staggering 30 million km2 (the Soviet Union was 23 million km2) with already 1.4 billion people, and the enlarged EAEU would be 26 million km2 with 700 million people. The EU is here comparatively small – only 4 million km2 and 445 million people. The EU cannot itself handle the administration of any more geographic space. With the issues of Brexit-chaos, the West Balkans, the Ukraine and Belarus, the EU is already critically overextended.

The EU has enormous strategic interests in a politically stronger and economically prosperous united Africa to handle Africa’s own problems before these problems (including refugees and terrorists) spill devastatingly over into the EU.

The EU also has got enormous strategic interests in letting Russia and Turkey carry the helm of a hypothetical new Mega EAEU political Project for peace, prosperity and political improvement of common governance in the conflict-troubled Eurasian space. Furthermore, an enlarged EAEU Mega Region, as I hypothesize here, will connect the EU not only with the strategic pivots of China and India, but also with the global pivot of the Middle East and in this way with Africa. To achieve this, Kashmir must and will find a peaceful solution.

The EU can do a lot – but the EU’s meagre 5,000 tricolore soldiers in Africa for an area 10 times Afghanistan, plus a handful of aid-projects, will not save Africa. Exports, trade, industrialization, advanced services and high-speed economic growth is what Africa needs. A strong African Union is needed to raise Africa above her own problems, and to do this, the African Union needs support by free-trade with the EU (and the EAEU of course).

In the exceedingly troubled Central Asian and Middle Eastern geographic space, Russia has proven to move so well forward. The EU itself would just be hapless or even break porcelain if going alone in Central Asia and the Middle East. France has shown able to achieve just about nothing in Lebanon. And EU countries’ military part-taking in porcelain-breaking US ventures in Iraq and Afghanistan (longest US war in history, and little US “peace with honor”) illustrates my point. The recent Armenian-Azerbaijani situation further underscores the point that an overarching political Mega Region EAEU is a needed solution – a solution which only Russia and Turkey are capable to initiate.

This planet is shrinking fast. The EU cannot afford to not-care about its own Mega neighborhoods, including all of Africa, Russia, Central Asia, Turkey, Iran, Pakistan, and the Middle East.

As the EU does not have the needed strategic capabilities to “fix” its own Mega neighborhoods, the EU must support those who can and should be empowered – meaning the EU neighbor partners themselves: The African Union, Russia, Central Asian countries, Turkey, Iran, Pakistan, and all others involved.Aespa, the new K-pop girl group from SM Entertainment that features both human and virtual members, dropped their first single Black Mamba today. Photo: SM EntertainmentTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Fans are concerned that virtual members of the new K-pop girl group Aespa play on dehumanising stereotypes about K-pop stars. Credit: SM EntertainmentWhy is Karl Marx trending? It is a thought many people would have had on scrolling through Twitter today—and, more importantly, what's it got to do with K-pop stans?

Stan Twitter is a mysterious place and sometimes fans of K-pop supergroups such as BTS and Blackpink get bizarre things to start trending.

Often, it's to help a cause, as it was in June when K-pop fans spammed the Grand Rapids Police Department in Dallas after police launched an app to report protestors during the Black Lives Matter demonstrations.

The fans also flooded QAnon Twitter hashtags to silence conspiracy theorists and boost anti-racism activism. Stans spearheaded a campaign that took over Twitter hashtags often filled with racist posts, including #MAGA and #WhiteLivesMatter.

On Election Day, they hijacked the pro-Donald Trump #4MoreYears trend, using it post images of K-pop bands

But why on Earth did they get the German philosopher and author of The Communist Manifesto trending today?

The simple answer is that it's a joke—fans began comparing Marx's looks and impact on the world to that of BTS member Jin.

"My favorite idol, karl marx. can't wait for C(O)MRADE's debut," one user joked.

Another shared a fancam of Marx and tweeted: "Yeah i stan jin but at the end of the day karl marx is my ult bias and no one can change that."

Fancams are short clips of popular artists performing on a loop that are ubiquitous on stan Twitter accounts.

"Karl marx is trending on kpop twitter because someone said he's more attractive than jin from bts," another person wrote.

One fan added: "Wait so ur telling me that karl marx is trending because there was a MARX VS BTS JIN DISCOURSE ???? HOW IS THIS REAL LIFE IM SCREAMINGG."

Another person speculated: "So BASICALLY oomf was struggling w their history essay, they made a very random tweet abt karl marx, surprise surprise a n*tzen got involved & dragged jin UNPROVOKED, now karl marx is trending and yeah ..."

Some people not in the K-pop loop were understandably confused.

"Seeing karl marx trending and then seeing that it's because of f****** k-pop stans ruined my day ngl," tweeted an account called @fletchthecommie.

Truth is, there is no way to logically explain it. It's just a weird part of internet culture that we might as well embrace.

As Marx himself might have said if he had had a Twitter account: "A specter is haunting Twitter, the specter of K-pop stans."Aespa’s first music video and their earlier promotional photos bear striking resemblance to content produced by other artists. Photo: SM EntertainmentK-pop acts IZ*ONE and Monsta X are set to join game developer NCsoft's new fan platform aiming for launch early next year, the company said Friday.



The platform, named Universe, will allow K-pop fans around the world to join fan communities and enjoy original content, according to KLAP, an NCsoft affiliate that is leading the project.



The platform includes features like authorization of fan activities, such as buying albums and attending concerts. The company said it also plans to bring the artists' voices onto the platform using artificial intelligence technology.



Universe will be available in Korean, English and Japanese in 134 countries. Interested fans can sign up for pre-reservation at the platform's website.



In addition to IZ*ONE and MONSTA X, the company plans to unveil nine other artists who will be joining the platform. (Yonhap)Maplestory has announced a partnership with KPOP superband BTS. The collaboration between the band and the Maplestory IP will see an in-game partnership, still yet to be revealed, however, up until it is, fans can look forward to a series of YouTube videos where the band talks about the childhood Maplestory memories.

The first Maplestory X BTS video is already available to watch right now at the YouTube channel, where the band talks about their top memories about the game, in an informal reminiscent meeting. You can check it out here.

For more news on the collaboration, be sure to keep an eye out on Gamereactor, for when the actual in-game part of the partnership is revealed.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Twitter users have jumped on the #4MoreYears trend, hijacking it with pictures of K-pop bands.

The hashtag refers to people voting for the incumbent president, Donald Trump, who will serve another term of four years if he wins the election on November 3. However, it seems that people who do not support Trump have taken to the social media platform and populated it with pictures of K-pop and J-pop bands.

This tactic uses what are known as "fancams"—video closeups filmed by an audience member during a live performance by a K-pop group. The tactic was previously used to target the police during Black Lives Matter protests. When Dallas police tweeted a request for Americans to submit tips through its CloseWatch app, Twitter users instead submitted fancams in response. Vox writes that the famcam spam would "theoretically prevent police from seeing real local videos that might put protesters in danger."

Since then, fancams have been used to take focus away from other viral posts or trending hashtags.

Some of the Twitter users are from the U.K., where the hashtag is also trending. One user, @Sammalaaa, writes: "Why is #4MoreYears trending here in the UK?! I assure you America, we don't want you to have 4 more years of him either!"

Other users, who are self-described as not being K-pop fans, jumped on the bandwagon and hijacked the hashtag. One user writes: "Not even a kpop fan but will learn from them and reclaim #4moreyears."

Another says: "I don't get the whole k pop thing but k pop fans are great #4MoreYears."

Another user, @brownbronzegirl, says: "I'm loving that Kpop twitter has completely taken over the #4moreyears hashtag."

J-pop and movie franchises also featured in the trending hashtag. User @shanetrevyllian says: "If you're not happy with this hashtag being flooded with K-pop, there's always J-pop! #4MoreYears."

Former One Direction member Louis Tomlinson even made an appearance on the hashtag. @_liamscookies says: "Anyways stan Louis Tomlinson #4MoreYears."

The trend also featured tweets from Trump supporters who used it following their vote or to comment on Joe Biden.

Leslie Rutledge, candidate for Arkansas Governor in 2022, included the hashtag in her tweet following a rally in North Carolina: "Huge night in Hickory, North Carolina! Awesome crowd ready to re-elect President Donald J Trump for #4MoreYears!

Another Twitter user, John P. Conzalez (@jpgwire) writes: "The Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave... from Miami Trump Rally ... so many people here incredible!!! #4MoreYears #DonaldTrump #LatinosForTrump #Trump."

So while the outcome of the 2020 election is currently uncertain, one thing is clear—K-pop fans are the rulers of social media.

The U.S. Presidential Election Day 2020 takes place on November 3, 2020. For your nearest polling place, visit Vote.org.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.In October, Big Hit Entertainment – the label behind the superstar band – went public, giving fans the opportunity to actually own

Ownership is often at the heart of what it means to be a fan. Maybe you buy merch, or set your alarm early to buy tour tickets. Maybe you make fan cams, learn dance routines, or invest in special edition vinyls. But what if you could literally own your favourite band? This was the question put to BTS fans in October, when Big Hit – the label behind the K-pop superstars – went public. Its listing on the stock market was the biggest financial event in South Korea since 2017, and turned label-founder Bang Si-Hyuk into a billionaire. Fans concerned about the fate of BTS were relieved to discover that Bang had also gifted millions of dollars in shares to RM, Jin, SUGA, j-hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook, crediting them with turning the label into the juggernaut it is today. But while there was much to celebrate, BTS fans – known collectively as ARMY – were right to be wary, too. BTS are the epitome of the underdog story. When they debuted in 2013, after recording their first album in a garage, the market was dominated by K-pop’s hyper-influential “big three” talent agencies. Now Big Hit is worth more than those three agencies combined.

This meteoric rise is as much to do with BTS’s charisma, dedication, and chemistry as it is their deep relationship with ARMY. A love affair born of shared hardships, the group regularly acknowledge ARMY’s passionate efforts to combat their disadvantages, both on home turf and in the global pop market. As well as breaking myriad YouTube records and winning them Billboard’s Best Social Artist for years in a row, fans have sent flowers to radio DJs to try to beat the xenophobia faced by the band. According to Bora, ARMY is also incredibly well-informed about BTS’s financial affairs. Bora runs a pseudonymous fan Twitter account, and since late 2018 has translated articles about BTS’s impact on the South Korean economy for over 140k followers. “It’s an intersection of my personal interests, and I just felt like it was really interesting to share this with the fandom,” she explains. “It’s really important to have accurate information out there, instead of the misinformation that often comes from a Western perspective, and lacks context about Korea.” Bora personally invested in Big Hit, but “only a few shares”. She tells me it doesn’t change how she sees her role in ARMY, and although she considers the agency to be a good investment, it’s not about any potential gain. “It’s more like owning a very small piece of history,” she tells Dazed. “Kind of a collectible… albeit pretty expensive.” “It’s more like owning a very small piece of history. Kind of a collectible… albeit pretty expensive” – Bora Other fans share her sentiment. On Weverse, a social platform run by Big Hit, a user called TaeTime7 tells Dazed that they intend to invest for one simple reason: “I support everything they do.” Though this might sound as if fans see shares as elite-level merch, it actually reveals a deeper truth: ARMY doesn’t need stocks to have a seat in the Big Hit boardroom. The group’s ownership of BTS manifests in other, arguably more powerful, ways. Aside from the fact that stocks are prohibitively expensive for most fans, buying shares doesn’t translate into the immediate, quantifiable kinds of success for BTS that ARMY is used to achieving. The fandom’s goals for BTS’s new album, due in November, would intimidate the most seasoned of sales reps: seven million album sales worldwide, simultaneous number ones on five Billboard Charts – including the Hot 100 and number one iTunes album in 100 countries. It’s exactly this clout that makes ARMY so wary of bad actors taking advantage of their relationship with BTS. The fandom is currently at loggerheads with Jason Derulo for demanding 10 million likes from ARMY on TikTok, while repeatedly downplaying BTS’s contributions to his number one single “Savage Love”. They’ve battled this behaviour for years, particularly from Western radio stations requesting astronomical social engagement in return for BTS radio play – a problem that Western artists don’t face.

The fandom’s protective spirit is certainly justified, but sometimes this sense of ownership goes too far. Earlier this year, a small group of fans decided to protest – unasked – on Jin’s behalf. They perceived him to be underused in the music video for “Dynamite”, BTS’s chart-topping hit, and sent a billboard mounted on a truck to broadcast their demands outside Big Hit’s Seoul HQ. The rest of the fandom was horrified, calling the stunt patronising and overly controlling. The ‘JinTruck’ stunt went unacknowledged by Big Hit, but it speaks to a long history of fandoms attempting to micromanage their faves. For instance, in 2005, a group of Super Junior fans used the stock market to protest the addition of new members to the band. Although they managed to purchase 0.3 per cent of the major agency SM - no small feat - their complaints were ignored. It’s not impossible for ARMY to band together to buy up a serious percentage of Big Hit but – put simply – they don’t need to. The fandom is already expert when it comes to wrestling with the machinery of the pop industry. Just this month alone, ARMY has challenged incorrect reporting from Reuters and petitioned Spotify over inaccurate labelling of BTS on the streaming platform, acting more like a global conglomerate of agents than your average fanbase. “It’s not impossible for ARMY to band together to buy up a serious percentage of Big Hit but – put simply – they don’t need to. The fandom is already expert when it comes to wrestling with the machinery of the pop industry” Instead, Big Hit’s public listing has made explicit the way artists are valued under capitalism – and it revolves around their fans. Investors are beholden to ARMY’s powerful commitment to BTS’s art, and without respecting the fans’ purchasing power and industry knowhow, those shareholders could be left with nothing. During BTS’s recent, record-breaking digital concert – held just two days before Big Hit went public – ARMY members were livestreamed into a huge Seoul arena, their faces making up the entire backdrop to the stage. The fans’ emotional interactions with the members created an infinite feedback loop, refracted through BTS’s own cameras. It’s this symbolic, symbiotic relationship between artist and audience that appears so lucrative to investors – but, ultimately, leaves those same investors powerless. As Bora puts it: “How fans utilise this leverage is a question that hasn’t been answered yet.”The South Korean megastars BTS have notched up yet another achievement by becoming the first K-pop act to receive a Grammy nomination.

The boy band’s latest hit single, Dynamite, will compete with releases by Justin Bieber and three other nominees in the best pop duo/group performance category when the US music awards are announced at an online ceremony on Tuesday.

BTS’s seven members appeared as presenters at last year’s Grammys and have made no secret of their desire to win one of the coveted awards.

The band thanked their legions of fans around the world – known as “Army” – for their part in securing the nomination.

“Thank you to everyone who listened to our music and empathised with it in difficult times,” they said in a Korean-language tweet. “Above all, it is you ARMY that made the miracle of (us becoming) a Grammy-nominated artist. Thank you and love you always.”

The group added in English: “Thank you Recording Academy for this great honour.

A video clip showed four of members of the band jump up from a sofa, clap and cheer when the nomination was announced.

Thousands of fans retweeted the reaction clips and congratulated the group: “So proud of you guys,” one said. Another wrote: “Congratulations! You made it! You deserve it!”

BTS released their latest album “BE” last week and will perform in South Korea on New Year’s Eve in their first live concert since the coronavirus pandemic forced them to cancel a world tour in April.

The band has been at the forefront of the K-pop scene since their debut in 2013, and make a significant contribution to the country’s GDP.

Dynamite, their first track performed entirely in English, became the first song by a South Korean artist to debut at top of the Billboard’s Hot 100, its main singles chart.

Yonhap news agency noted that if the band walk away with a Grammy next week, they will become the first South Korean group to win all three major US music awards, along with the Billboard music awards and the American music awards.The Gyeonggi Provincial Government in South Korea organised an in-person K-pop concert at Goyang Main Stadium last month to “offer solace and hope to all those who have grown weary of the pandemic”.

The province undertook a range of safety measures, including limiting the number of spectators with a pre-booking system, and deemed the event “a resounding success”. It installed 300 clear dome tents, capable of accommodating four people from one household per tent, allowing an overall capacity of 1,200. An additional 400 spectators were selected to view the concert online in real-time.

Gyeonggi Provincial Government claimed the specially designed dome tents are the first of their kind in the world. They aim to prevent droplet transmission between spectators and create an atmosphere in which people could “enjoy the concert as much as before the COVID-19 pandemic”.

At the event, contactless thermal imaging cameras checked visitor temperatures and attendees had to pass through an ‘air-shower’ gate which sprayed a sterilising mist “to remove fine dust and viruses”.

Fences were positioned to maintain an appropriate distance between people in the waiting zone, and additional fences were installed at the performance venue itself.

The 2020 Live in DMZ: DMZ Concert was part of an annual event held to promote the value of the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and the goal of peace on the Korean peninsula.

A spokesperson for Gyeonggi Provincial Government said: “This concert was significant for its value in supporting the arts and culture industry, which is suffering due to COVID-19, while offering a new model for the staging of safe outdoor performances during the pandemic.”

An advance health-check questionnaire was sent to attendees who made reservations through a pre-booking system, and automatically generated QR codes were sent only to those who had completed the questionnaire.

Lee Jae-gang, Vice Governor for Peace, Gyeonggi Provincial Government, told Cities Today: “By operating a web-based access system that enabled entry using QR codes for confirmation, the Gyeonggi Provincial Government was not only able to implement rapid and accurate quarantine procedures but [can] also undertake follow-up management by once again sending self-health-check questionnaires to concert attendees two weeks after the event.”

During the concert, which was hosted by Super Junior’s Leeteuk and actress Uee, popular K-pop stars including MONSTA X, Mamamoo, OH MY GIRL’s Seunghee and YooA, Kang Daniel, ITZY, (G)I-DLE and Loona performed for fans.

In summer, socially distanced music events were held at a race course venue in the UK. Groups of five fans had their own viewing platform to reduce the risk of spreading COVID-19.

Scottish events company DF Concerts, which runs the TRNSMT music festival, is reportedly exploring how to get large events back up and running through a coronavirus testing strategy.Seeun from new K-pop girl group StayC is also an actress, having appeared in the 2017 film The Guardians. Photo: High Up EntertainmentICM Partners has signed K-Pop titans Super Junior for representation in all territories except Asia, the company has announced.

The group released its debut album in 2005 and broke through internationally with their 2009 song “Sorry Sorry.” Over the years the group has won 13 Mnet Asian Music Awards, 19 Golden Disc Awards and US Teen Choice Awards for International Artist and Best Fandom and released more than 30 albums in Korea and Japan, including nine studio albums. Their most recent studio album, “Time_Slip,” was released in a deluxe edition in January and includes the single “2YA2YAO!” The group has also played concerts in Asia, Europe and the U.S. to an estimated 2.2 million-plus fans.

After the pandemic forced the postponement of all tour plans, the group held an online concert in May celebrating their 15 th anniversary as a band. The concert drew an estimated 123,000 fans across the world. The group is expected to release its 10 th studio album, “The Renaissance,” next month. An advance single called “The Melody was released earlier this month.

“We are thrilled to represent the kings of the Korean Wave, Super Junior” said ICM Partners Vice President of Concerts Jon Pleeter. “Along with Label SJ we look forward to growing the Super Junior brand across the media landscape, including global touring, marketing, business development and strategic partnerships.”

The agreement is in partnership with KAMP Global.Topp Dogg’s Hansol, D.I.P’s Seungho and B.Nish of D. I. P and Marshall Bang, aka MRSHLL, are just a handful of K-pop artists who have publicly come out as part of the LGBTQ+ community. Photo: @another_minsung; @younghoe.e; @marshallxyz/InstagramTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SM Entertainment’s new Kpop girl group Aespa is finally here, with their debut song “Black Mamba”.

When SM Entertainment first made the announcement launch on October 26, we know they are definitely something to watch out for.

Comprised of members Karina, Giselle, Winter and NingNing, Aespa is the SM Entertainment’s newest girl group since the launch of Red Velvet in 2014. The name Aespa came from a concept of seeing the world through an avatar counterpart of yourself, combining ae which means “Avatar X Experience” and the English word “concept”.

Arguably, the song is catchy and the vibe of showing an ethereal beauty in the world of virtual reality is definitely a powerful draw for the expecting fans.

While there are no further announcements made by the group yet, be sure to check out their “Black Mamba” music video:Within just a matter of hours of making its debut, K-pop girl group aespa is already shattering records.

The four-member band released its first song, Black Mamba, accompanied by a music video, on Nov 17.

In just nine hours, the music video reached a staggering 10 million views, making it the fastest debut music video to reach 10 million views in K-pop history, according to allkpop.com.

Aespa, comprising Karina, Giselle, Winter and Ningning, is renowned talent agency SM Entertainment's first girl group in six years.

Karina shared in an official statement about the quartet making its debut: “I still can’t believe it’s real. I can feel the pressure, but the feelings of wanting to show the world a good song and a good performance are even stronger.”

The group made headlines shortly before its debut when it announced that there will be an artificial intelligence element to aespa.

Each of the four human members will have a virtual counterpart. Meaning, Karina, for instance, will also exist as a virtual member, or an avatar, named ae-Karina.

It will be interesting to watch how aespa's futuristic concept unfolds.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SEOUL (Reuters) - A reality TV episode showing K-pop girl band BLACKPINK holding a newly born panda was pulled after accusations in China that the group mishandled a national treasure, the latest row between South Korea’s entertainment stars and audiences in its large neighbour.

Last month, South Korean boyband BTS was heavily criticised in China after its leader made remarks about the Korean War, and some BTS-related products were removed from Chinese websites.

Fu Bao, the first panda to be born in South Korea was introduced to the public last week. Fu Bao’s parents arrived in 2016 from China’s Sichuan province, the home of giant pandas, as part of China’s “panda diplomacy”.

BLACKPINK included footage of the band members holding the baby panda in a teaser clip aired on YouTube earlier this month.

Some Chinese local media and online commentators denounced the girl group for touching Fu Bao with bare hands and while wearing too much make-up, saying it threatened the health of the young cub. The comments set off a storm on Weibo, China’s version of Twitter.

As of Tuesday, there were millions of views and 55,000 posts on hashtag “Blackpink touched panda cub wrongly” on Weibo.

The full episode was to have been broadcast on Nov 7 and has been postponed, according to the group’s music label, YG Entertainment, although it defended the production.

“When BLACKPINK met the baby panda, all members wore hygiene gloves, masks and protective clothing ... hands and shoes were disinfected at every transition,” the agency said in a statement.

Hashtags “BLACKPINK” and “Panda” were trending on South Korean Twitter as well over the weekend. Some South Korean social media users pushed back at the Chinese criticism, urging South Korea to “return the pandas” or arguing that “pandas are not ours and it is too expensive to raise them anyway”.All things considered, BTS have had a pretty good 2020. Back in February, the seven-member, K-pop supergroup released their record, Map of the Soul: 7, topping charts across the world and becoming South Korea’s best-selling album of all time. Only a global pandemic could stop the biggest boy band on the planet, and when the outbreak of COVID-19 meant they had to cancel their world tour, BTS quickly changed gears. They went back into the studio and came out with the disco-pop summer bop, “Dynamite”, their first English-language song and their first to top the Billboard Hot 100. The song broke practically every YouTube and streaming record. And then the group jumped on a remix of Jawsh 685 and Jason Derulo’s “Savage Love” which shot straight to number one on the Hot 100, making them the fourth group in history to simultaneously occupy the top two positions on the music chart.

Now, the group — comprising Jin, SUGA, j-hope, Jimin, V, Jung Kook and leader RM — have released their second album of 2020, BE, which, in just a few hours, has already reached number one on iTunes across the world and is projected to continue BTS’ very, very successful year. But the making of this comeback album has been strikingly different to their previous records. Back in April, RM announced the group were working on a new album which started a series of mysterious livestreams on BTS’ YouTube channel and Korean streaming platform VLive.

In some, the seven members ignore the camera, discussing their plans for the new album, while in other streams, they chat merrily to their live audience of millions about the group’s division of labour: Jimin was music project manager, V managed the visuals, and the other members took on songwriting and production duties. These videos gave their fanbase, known as ARMY, a glimpse behind-the-scenes from the beginning of the album-making process to the end result. In a recent, pre-recorded stream, we even see the members unboxing the album for the first time, excitedly leafing through lyric sheets and photocards.

These livestreams signalled that BE would be a new evolution for BTS, pushing the group’s creativity in new ways, as well as a deeply personal record, evidenced as fans watched the members pour their hearts into its making. “It felt like we made [BE] with our fans,” RM explained during the album’s press conference about the decision to live stream parts of the creative process. Made during the most turbulent year in most people’s memory, BE embodies the emotional turmoil most of us have been through during 2020, and speaks, frankly, directly and unapologetically, to the current moment.

On the opening song and lead single, “Life Goes On,” the group reflect, in Korean, on their summer of lockdown: “The world came to a stop one day / Without any warning.” The accompanying music video, directed by Jung Kook, shows the members going about their daily self-isolated lives: V takes off his mask in the car and Jimin wanders around brushing his teeth before they all crash onto the sofa to play video games and watch the news. A shot of Jin sitting in front of the TV suddenly cuts to a shot of him and the group performing on stage, singing to an empty Seoul Stadium, a callback to Map of the Soul ON:E, the live-streamed concert the band performed in October. “To that future, let’s run away,” he sings.

““Life Goes On” is the core of the album,” RM explained during the record’s press conference last night. “[We] want to talk about what’s happening right now. In the summer, “Dynamite” was right for that time and “Life Goes On” is right for now. It’s our message of healing.” This desire to heal and comfort is all over BE. “Fly To My Room” is a playful attempt at mentally escaping while locked down during COVID. “This room feels too small / To contain my dreams” raps SUGA, while j-hope rates the takeaways he’s been ordering: “The delivery food, three stars… I’m full!” The soft acoustic guitar of “Blue & Grey” carries lyrics about an aching loneliness as V sings: “I just want to be happier, is this too much greed?” Meanwhile the j-hope produced, old-school hip-hop track “Dis-ease” plays on different forms of illness, revealing that, for BTS, their struggle has been an addiction to work: “I feel like I have to do something until my body breaks / I’m obsessed by achievements everyday / This is unstable, this is a disease”.

While this year has given BTS plenty of time for introspection, it’s not all gloomy. “For everyone, life has stopped because of COVID-19,” explained Jin at the press conference. “We feel frustrated and sad but these emotions aren’t always melancholic and we wanted to contain all [emotions] in this album. It seems like the world has stopped but life goes on.” On “Telepathy,” produced by SUGA, the group admits to “[Feeling] disorientated / Thanks to all the leftover time” over a funky, 70s-inspired beat, while the shuddering bass-heavy, “Stay,” is an optimistic club banger that looks to a future when we’ll be able to dance together: “It ain’t the end of the world / The present, it shines like a pearl”. Concluding the album is “Dynamite,” a fittingly feel-good end to a record that wrestles with how to move forward. RM described it as the “show encore” when “the fireworks go off” and, after working through every emotion under the sun on the record, its disco-pop is pure catharsis.

BE feels like a gift. An album made by young people about how it feels to be young right now. And while we might not all be history-making K-pop superstars, the record makes good on the truism often touted as the reason behind BTS’ success: that music transcends all barriers. For everyone, the “new normal” involves wrestling with a difficult spectrum of emotion – grief, frustration, loss, anxiety – and while BTS aren’t afraid to dive into and dwell in dark places, BE also celebrates the little things: sunlight hitting an old desk, a sip of coffee, very average takeout food. The album is an oasis, “the small island in the middle of the blue sea,” as Jung Kook sings on “Telepathy.” It might just have saved 2020.

BE by BTS is out now. Song lyric translations courtesy of @BOMHARU1230To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Former Black Swan member Hyeme has been accused of borrowing money from an alleged businessman and not paying it back. Photo: DR MusicFu Bao is the first panda to be born in South Korea

Kpop group BLACKPINK have come under fire for handling a baby panda without gloves according to the Guardian.

A video showed four members of BLACKPINK holding the panda as part of a trailer for their reality show 24/365 With BLACKPINK.

The baby panda, Fu Bao, is the first panda to be born in South Korea. Fu Bao was born in July to pandas who were brought to South Korea from Sichuan in 2016 as part of China’s ‘panda diplomacy’.

Chinese netizens expressed their outrage after seeing members of the Kpop group handling the cub without protective gear.

#BLACKPINK and #panda were trending on South Korean Twitter during the weekend with many calling for the animals to be returned to China.

YG Entertainment – BLACKPINK’s label – has postponed the show, which was supposed to be released on the group’s YouTube channel this week.he

The agency has insisted that protective measures were taken with the pandas with the supervision of zookeepers and veterinarians.

“When Blackpink met the baby panda, all members wore hygiene gloves, masks and protective clothing … hands and shoes were disinfected at every transition,” the agency said in a statement.

“Nevertheless, in respect of international cooperation practices and recommendations from panda experts who say that nonprofessionals having close contact with the baby panda can cause misunderstandings, we decided to withhold the release of the related video.”While K-pop stans probably didn’t swing the election, their trolling is enough of a cultural force that political consultants have taken notice.

The stan activism has been dominated by fans of BTS, the kings of K-pop. The seven-member boy band, also known as Bangtan Sonyeondan (“Bulletproof Boy Scouts”), can cut slightly ridiculous figures with their double denims, platform sneakers, and cotton-candy pink hair. But they’re the first group since the Beatles to release three Billboard-chart-topping albums in a year, and they’re also the most tweeted-about band on Earth.

Before COVID-19 hit, BTS were selling out US stadiums faster than Taylor Swift. Big Hit Entertainment Co, the group’s management company, made $US820 million in an initial public offering on October 14 and is now valued at more than $US4 billion. BTS fans call themselves ARMY, which stands for Adorable Representative MC for Youth (clearly, they really wanted to spell ARMY).

Big Hit markets its straightedge Disney princes extremely carefully. Like most K-pop acts, the members of BTS find their lifestyles and freedom of expression tightly policed – no significant others, no tattoos, no divisive thoughts on politics.

(Although BTS members have managed to bend some of these rules at times, the company also declined to make the band available for comment for this story.) So it was a big deal when, in June, BTS tweeted a brief statement of support for the Black Lives Matter movement to its 26 million followers and announced that it had donated $US1 million to the cause. “We stand against racial discrimination,” the band said. “We condemn violence. You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together. #BlackLivesMatter.”

To some extent, the band was following the lead of its fans, many of whom were already demanding that ARMY take a stand. Millions of BTS fans live in the US and identify as people of colour, according to researchers and surveys of popular fan accounts. Many are over the age of 30, repping Twitter handles like @KpopDad and @MomsNoonas (bio: “Never ever, ever too old to fan-girl”). But ARMY has its share of young people, too. Some professors attribute a recent spike in American college students studying Korean to K-pop fans who want to understand the lyrics of their favourite songs.

Daezy Agbakoba, a recent graduate of London’s Middlesex University who is now back home in Maryland, has a K-pop conversion story that would sound familiar to a 4chan kid radicalised into QAnon. Four years ago, she stumbled onto her first BTS video while watching YouTube. Now, untold hours of algorithmic recommendations later, she’s studying Korean by day and binge-watching the band’s videos at night, her ARMY light stick – a vastly upgraded version of waving a phone flashlight during a concert – resting nearby. “When you get into them, it’s just this steep descent,” she says. “Kind of like how Alice falls down the rabbit hole.”

This spring, Agbakoba was the first to tweet the hashtag #MatchAMillion, imploring her fellow stans to add another $US1 million to BTS’s Black Lives Matter donation. They did so in a little over 24 hours. “It shocked me, because I didn’t realise how much influence we actually had,” she says. Since then, she’s been applying to grad schools and working with other young American ARMY members to rally opposition to Trump and his QAnon adherents. “The state of our country is getting to a really dark place,” she says. “I think it would be important to try and help against that in any way we can.” Or, as a repeated meme posted during the #WhiteLivesMatter keyword squat asks, “Will #Kpop a day keep #QAnon at bay?”

The business of K-pop is largely apolitical, but the genre’s origins are anything but. The modern South Korean mashup of American hip-hop and pop-rock can be traced to 1992. For decades, officials in South Korea had frequently banned new music, movies, books and newspapers with messages deemed outrageous or overly political.

Into the spotlight stepped Seo Taiji & Boys, a try-hard boy band with a punk-rock look. They auditioned for a talent show on one of South Korea’s major TV networks with Nan Arayo (I Know), a hip-hop-influenced song that mashed together rap verses, pop choruses and catchy dance moves. Although the group received the lowest score of the night from the show’s horrified judges, they won the popular vote – the track topped the country’s music sales charts for 17 straight weeks. Seo Taiji and Boys followed up that hit with risqué songs about censorship and youth oppression. When officials threatened to ban their music, fans rioted in the streets.

A few years later, with South Korea in the grips of the Asian financial crisis, the government reversed tack and embraced pop culture as an economic lifeline, boosting its official culture budget. It began promoting K-pop, along with homegrown dramas and video games, as a core part of the nation’s identity. This was the start of what’s become known as the Hallyu (Korean wave) movement, which eventually swept the country’s pop culture westward.

K-pop stans are tightly linked to the bands and their success. Official fan clubs have long contributed directly to funds set up to support artists through their ramen days. They also coordinate online efforts to boost the acts’ profiles, both through word-of-mouth and by buying extra copies of albums to push them up the sales charts. The advent of social media and streaming made it possible for K-pop acts to turbocharge fan loyalty by producing intimate videos almost nonstop, from short clips of them goofing around backstage to livestreams where they open up about their daily foibles as well as more serious mental health struggles.

BTS, which made its debut in 2013, expertly synthesised these marketing strategies. ARMY began life as an official fan club, though it has grown much broader as it has fought to penetrate America’s parochial music ecosystem. When US fans began mass-calling hundreds of radio stations to play BTS, they came armed with pre-written scripts for any DJ who hadn’t heard of the band. Grassroots pressure from ARMY put BTS albums on the shelves of Walmart, Target, and Best Buy; landed BTS on The Ellen DeGeneres Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live!; and got them ringing in the New Year with Ryan Seacrest in Times Square. When Ticketmaster put seats for a BTS tour on sale last year, all 300,000 tickets sold out in minutes, then the website crashed from the overload. When band member Jungkook told fans online that he uses a Downy fabric softener scent branded Adorable, two months’ worth of the global supply sold out in a day. And when the band endorsed the Hyundai Palisade last year, the SUV was on back order for months.

Many ARMY members consider BTS their friends and revel in the band’s victories. These include the Big Hit IPO, which made the seven band members a combined $US105 million, and this September’s chart-topping success of the band’s first English-language single Dynamite, which also won four MTV video music awards. South Korea’s culture ministry estimates that the song will contribute $US1.4 billion to the nation’s economy.

The 10-figure haul is a testament to fans like Vivian Herr, a 43-year-old C-suite executive in Silicon Valley who falls asleep with BTS booming through her AirPods. Herr estimates she spent more than $US16,000 on copies of Dynamite to push it up the Billboard rankings, including by sending money to hundreds of people in her Venmo contact list and asking them to download it. When she learned the song had hit No. 1, she politely excused herself from a business meeting, darted into a nearby bathroom, and doubled over, screaming. Herr says her husband and kids don’t really get it.

The video for Dynamite might not make the band’s je ne sais quoi especially obvious. You’ll see seven grown men jiving like it’s 1999 while they sing lyrics like “Dy-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na, life is dynamite.” Asked why they’re so devoted, ARMY members tend to say the same thing, often word for word: “I came for the music, but stayed for the message.” The members of BTS are Unicef ambassadors who support a wide range of charitable causes and stress the importance of self-acceptance. Despite Big Hit’s tight rein, the band also laces many of its lyrics and videos with imperatives to challenge the status quo. “Don’t get trapped in someone else’s dream,” BTS croons in the song N.O, a rejection of workaholic culture.

Two years ago, when arenas were still a thing, Erika Overton rented a car and drove 10 hours from Detroit to New York to see BTS play Citi Field. The then-38-year-old contract recruiter had never been to a live concert before; she brought her 63-year-old mum, who’s also ARMY. “This is not just hysterical girls screaming over guys and thinking of nothing else,” she thought while looking up at her idols, the beat pulsing through her sneakers.

Earlier that year, Overton co-founded One In An Army, which organises monthly charitable-giving campaigns among its 150,000 Twitter followers. They’ve backed causes such as feeding starving children in Yemen and constructing water-treatment facilities in Tanzania. OIAA campaigns typically raised about $US6000 a month until this past June, when Agbakoba made #MatchAMillion trend.

Black Lives Matter posed some uncomfortable questions for the K-pop industry. K-pop idols borrow more than just the kinds of hip-hop beats that originated in the Bronx. They also copy black artists’ hair and clothing styles, dance moves, even mannerisms like a distinctive wag of the finger. ARMY has lost more than a few members uncomfortable with the online backlash to criticism along these lines. “That’s definitely the dark side of the fandom,” says Brie Statham, a 37-year-old BTS fan from Maryland. “It becomes really hard to be a black K-pop fan when you disagree with something like cultural appropriation and you get attacked for it.”

Yet ARMY has also pushed its avatars to take a more active role in the US protest movement. The day after Floyd died under a police officer’s knee in Minneapolis, Jiye Kim, a 26-year-old high school teacher in Sydney who runs one of the world’s biggest BTS fan accounts, woke to a relentless buzzing on her phone. Dozens of her quarter-million followers were demanding that she speak out against Floyd’s murder.

Kim felt more than a little out of her element, not least because she couldn’t point to Minnesota on a map. Her claim to fame is speedy translation of BTS lyrics. When a new album drops, she’ll spend 14 hours translating the songs into English, even if it takes her until 4am on a school night. Soon, though, she was posting educational articles about police brutality in the US. “Not only is there an expectation that K-pop artists speak up in regards to social issues,” she says, “there’s now an expectation that fan accounts do, too.”

A few days before ARMY hijacked #WhiteLivesMatter on Twitter, the Dallas Police Department unveiled a surveillance app called iWatch and asked citizens to send it videos of illegal activity during city protests against police brutality. Instead, stans crashed the app by flooding it with close-up clips of K-pop idols winking at the camera, a flex the cops attributed to “technical difficulties”. And ARMY members who took credit online for ruining Trump’s Tulsa rally posted videos of themselves doing the Macarena in front of their tickets or joking that they couldn’t go because they were walking their plants or feeding their pet rocks.

On the surface, ARMY’s signal-jamming and GIF warfare might seem to echo the unsavoury viral memes that helped drive support for Trump four years ago and laid the groundwork for QAnon. But K-pop stans came first, Wasim Khaled says. He’s chief executive officer of Blackbird.AI, a company governments and corporations hire to analyse digital disinformation campaigns and other forms of social media manipulation. He had to learn how to account for ARMY when developing Blackbird’s algorithms years ago, because the sheer volume of K-pop-related material was throwing off every large data analysis he tried to do. Once he learned what BTS was, it took a while to find a way to filter out the stans’ noise. The ripple effects of QAnon look much the same, he says: “Consider QAnon like conspiracy stans.”

ARMY was somewhat quieter in the presidential race’s waning months than they were in the northern summer. Partly, that’s because the fandom resisted co-option attempts by the Democratic Party mainstream. After Trump’s disastrous Tulsa rally, the Biden War Room, a grassroots outfit seeking to elect the ex-vice president, began tweeting lame “K-pop for Biden” memes and seeking stans’ support, only to earn replies such as “We don’t like you, either” and “hell to the no”.

The fandom isn’t a monolith: it’s leaderless, hard to harness, and divided on the question of what to do next. Overton says ARMY should steer clear of politics to make sure the actions of some overzealous fans don’t backfire on BTS. Herr, in Silicon Valley, says getting involved is a credit to BTS and a part of ARMY’s civic duty. “The Trump administration’s message is racist, and it’s not what we believe or stand for,” she says. With like-minded stans, she’s talked younger and non-English-speaking ARMY members through voter registrations and helped organise get-out-the-vote efforts across California.

Of course, QAnon and similar groups aren’t about to disappear. Now Joe Biden has won the presidency, ARMY’s political engagement could be all the more valuable in countering a fresh wave of revanchist conspiracy theorists, including Trump. Trump's more paranoid supporters will likely plow additional resources into the strategies that have put QAnon followers on the ballot in several states. Either way, K-pop stans are “the only other online crowd-sourced group that has the same kind of amplification power across social media networks,” Khaled says. “There’s definitely no other group that can go up against QAnon.”Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.It wasn’t just American rom-coms, Nordic crime series, and Turkish dramas that became part of our lives in 2020. Indians have a new ‘K’ in their lives. It’s not Karan Johar or Ekta Kapoor, but the Korean culture factory. Korean pop, dramas, and beauty were already thriving subcultures in India, but thanks to the pandemic, they’re now part of India’s mainstream. You mention Korean entertainment, and the conversation is no longer limited to the Oscar-winning film Parasite.

Sometime in 2017, I finally ticked off the hit 2010 K-drama Secret Garden from my to-watch list. The 20-episode drama is a canonical name that features in many ‘top’ Korean dramas lists. I watched it on a site called KissAsian — a mecca for K-drama enthusiasts before streaming platforms like Netflix were in vogue.

Fast forward a few months into 2020, and I had just finished watching Crash Landing on You, one of the highest-rated dramas on Korean cable TV, on Netflix, which has replaced regular cable TV for most urban Indians.

Now, I had a huge selection of K-dramas at my disposal, easily able go into a rabbit-hole of watching older shows like Hyun Bin’s Secret Garden and Son Ye Jin’s drama Something In The Rain. When the latter, a tale between an older woman and a younger man first released in 2018, Netflix used to take its time airing the latest episodes. As the tearjerker series was nearing its end, I remember frantically scouring through torrent sites that uploaded raw episodes (without subtitles) within hours of airing in its home country.

But in 2020, thanks to the surge in viewership during Covid-19 lockdown, and Netflix and Korean production houses signing deals to bring more Korean content onto the platform, K-dramas are finally getting their due in India. Urban, English-educated youth, who previously preferred to consume American or British sitcoms, are now increasingly warming up to testing out content from other regions.

With ample time to spare and a pandemic raging outside, the feel-good charm of K-dramas (if one spares the likes of zombie thriller Kingdom or The World of the Married that deals with cheating and betrayal, or Stranger that wrestles between prosecutors and police) is providing viewers an escape from the nightmarish reality and ennui that Covid-19 has brought into our lives.

And on the upside? More and more young Indians are eating ramen and trying out Dalgona coffee. According to an Economic Times report, there was a 256 per cent rise since March in the number of Indians opting to learn Korean on the language-learning app Duolingo. On India’s music streaming platform JioSaavn, the internationally renowned K-pop band BTS moved from 68th place in January to eighth in October. Korean soft power is in full swing.

Also read: Salman Khan, Rajinikanth, K-Pop — how fandom is shaping our pop cultural world

From the periphery to the center

Being on Netflix, one of the biggest OTT platforms, has undoubtedly lifted K-dramas out from the fringe to the centre-stage. But we must remember that states such as Tamil Nadu and Mizoram were already poring over K-dramas that were dubbed, or had subtitles, in regional languages before streaming platforms took over and made them mainstream.

It is indeed interesting that a K-drama like Itaewon Class or Record of Youth can now find mention in the same breath as FRIENDS or Game of Thrones — a rarity even two years ago. The K-drama It’s Okay to Not be Okay, that ran between June and August this year, kept featuring on Netflix India’s Top #10 for weeks, reaching as high as no. 3. The Hallyu fever, or Korean wave, that washed over China, Japan, and most of Southeast Asia nearly two decades ago has finally found a foothold in India, and there are numbers to prove it.

Also read: Parasite Oscar win says a lot about South Korea

For the early boomers of Korean entertainment in India in the late 2000s, the struggle was accessing new content and watching videos at an abysmal 144-240 pixels. Yet, people voraciously consumed hallowed Korean movies and dramas that had initiated the Hallyu wave across Asia.

Movies about star-crossed lovers, such as The Classic, A Moment to Remember, Millionaire’s First Love, or the K-drama Autumn in my Heart, became a staple, with plots often revolving around terminal illness. A college friend of mine used to joke, “Koreans add every element there is to make sure you cry.”

At the heart of it, most romantic Korean stories from the 2010s presented love in an unadulterated form. Triumph of love (or sometimes the failure) over human avarice and other evils has universal resonance, and has thus found many takers in India. Add to this high-production quality, beautiful scenic backgrounds, good soundtracks, and addictive ballads — the perfect mix for a Korean drama is ready. Think — Boys Over Flowers, Secret Garden, That Winter, the Wind Blows, Full House, Winter Sonata, K2, and Healer.

At the close of the new decade, storylines have gotten more complex, older audiences have matured to watching other genres like action, thrillers, and Korean historical dramas — and the rest is taken care of by Netflix’s algorithm.

Also read: K-pop fans a growing tribe in India — they hold concerts, do charity, run stores

While there has undoubtedly been a spurt of interest in Korean cultural content, the foundation for it was laid years ago. India was always a target market to export Korean products. The Korean Cultural Centre India (KCCI), an arm of the Korean Embassy, has been working behind the scenes since the early 2010s, organising K-pop contests, conducting exhibitions on Korean culture, and running a Korean language institute.

Assam’s Priyanka Mazumdar, the 2016 winner of the best vocal award at K-POP World Festival, is now part of the South Korean pop group Z-Girls . In 2017, a dance group from Mizoram called ‘Immortals Army’ went on to win the best dance prize at the K-pop World Festival held in Changwon, South Korea, after winning the India leg of the event hosted by the KCCI.

Hence, it should come as no surprise that when South Korean President Moon Jae-In visited India in 2018, First Lady Kim Jung-sook attended that year’s K-pop contest.

Mainstream media may focus on fandoms of bands like BTS and Blackpink, but lesser-known K-pop bands have been attempting to break into the Indian market for a while now. The Hornbill festival in Nagaland has featured K-pop bands alongside local artists, and so has each edition of the KCCI’s K-pop contest. Last year, the K-pop band KARD, a big name among international fans, held their maiden performance in India.

This is why it’s not surprising that, according to Twitter, India was amongst the top 20 countries that were tweeting the most about K-pop in 2019.

And it doesn’t stop at music or dramas, Korean cosmetic brands have been ubiquitously present in India, so much so that the online store Nykaa has a special section devoted to K-beauty products. Brands like Innisfree and The Face Shop are extremely popular on Nykaa, and Flipkart, and seeing their popularity, Korean luxury beauty brand Sulwhasoo also made its entry into India this year.

With the pandemic-induced spike in the popularity of K-dramas, the visibility of Korean cultural content in India is only set to increase. The K-pop and K-drama subculture in India, comprising thousands of passionate fans, has got a new push.

Subscribe to our channels on YouTube & TelegramLee Do-hyun’s fans were in an uproar this week because he didn’t say thank you for a gift, but this isn’t the first time a South Korean star has faced a social media backlash – so have Super Junior’s Sungmin and Ze:a’s Kim Dong-junPETALING JAYA, Nov 19 — K-pop girl group Aespa only debuted two days ago but the quartet is already smashing YouTube records with their music video for Black Mamba.

The clip garnered over 21.4 million views in 24 hours after it went online on November 17, making Aespa the K-pop group to get the most views in 24 hours with a music video on YouTube.

The previous record-holder was girl group Itzy with their music video for Dalla Dalla, which was released in February last year and racked up 17.1 million views in 24 hours.

Black Mamba’s view count continues to climb and the song currently has 32.9 million views and 1.5 million likes on the platform.

Aespa previously made headlines after their label SM Entertainment announced that the group would combine human members with artificially intelligent avatars.

The line-up currently consists of human members Karina, Giselle, Winter, and NingNing, and their corresponding avatars.

In a statement, the girls explained that their debut song will transport listeners into an alternate universe where a villain named Black Mamba blocks the connections between the Aespa members and their avatars.

Member Karina said she was overwhelmed by the public’s enthusiastic response to their debut and promised to bring her best to the stage for live performances.

“I still can’t believe it’s real. I can feel the pressure, but the feelings of wanting to show the world a good song and a good performance are even stronger,” said Karina, based on translations by Soompi.JYP Entertainment has a strict three-year ban on new idols dating, trainees are forbidden from using their phones or meeting members of the opposite sex, and Twice’s Momo was once ordered to lose 7kg in a week – what it really takes to make it in K-popSeraphine is the new hook for K/DA: a virtual, computer-generated pop idol meant to build a devoted fanbase as big as any real-life star. With Hatsune Mika and Lil Miquela setting the mold for virtual stars, Seraphine is unique in that she’s tied to an already-established brand and the most popular esport in the world.

“As real musicians, we wanted players to interact and ‘stan’ over them, the same way they can with other musicians in the real world through social media,” said Patrick Morales, Riot Games’s creative director for “League of Legends,” K/DA and Seraphine, the new music-based Champion character. “Much of what began as a celebration of music has gone on to inspire content from skins to limited-time in-game events … creating a unique ecosystem."

Seraphine debuted in the middle of a pandemic, which seems serendipitous for a virtual-only star. But Morales said they had plans to have more live performances, including one at SXSW, before the pandemic hit. It’s why they pivoted to Seraphine and the other members posting more “influencer”-style content, and aggregating fan comments to create more posts. That approach caught a handful of flack from commenters, summed up in a Vice post about Seraphine’s anxiety-ridden posts, but other fans are more than happy to play along.

“We meant to do it in a way where we didn’t want to promote it,” said Morales about starting new Twitter and Instagram accounts for Seraphine. “We started this as far back in June, and for a number of weeks, it went pretty undetected."

The K/DA production line has three tracks: the songs, the in-game skins and events and the marketing, which Morales oversees. Toa Dunn, head of Riot Music Group, said they write music that “makes sense” for the characters and the lore. It’s not necessarily about chasing the latest sound or trends in music.

“Even for us back in 2018, a lot of us were really passionate and inspired by Western pop and K-pop at the time, and the differences between the two,” Dunn said. “It’s exploring what we’re passionate about and having that as the North Star we chase, as opposed to what is someone else is doing. We think that’s something that resonates with players. We’re not trying to imitate, we’re just driven by pure passion and what our players like. And that’s how we end up in the spaces we’re at.”

K/DA’s latest video and single, “MORE,” decidedly sounds like a Blackpink single, which is for the most part a great thing for music fans. And that connection is only stronger with collaboration with artists like Bekuh BOOM, a charting songwriter who’s worked with Blackpink as well as Ariana Grande.

“We didn’t do it with the intention of following what was happening at the time, because there was no parallel to K/DA,” Morales said. “We just wanted our own take on it, and we know our players. Our only hope with K/DA was to channel their love of the game into a place they didn’t expect. The unique thing about K/DA musically is that it is a different mix of eclectic inspirations. … Broadly, it feels like pop to me.”The impact and popularity of BTS (pictured) and Blackpink have been felt worldwide for years, but the US market has been lagging in recent years in recognising either act. Photo: Big Hit EntertainmentK-pop girl group Loona has 12 members, the same as Iz*One and one behind Seventeen, but far less than NCT’s 23. Photo: Blockberry CreativeSEOUL, Korea--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Global K-pop entertainment group SM Entertainment (SME) today announced a partnership with Advantages Digital Learning Solutions (ADLS) wherein ADLS will provide virtual learning for grades K-12 to the SM Institute, the first official K-pop school. The US-based ADLS provides online content in core subjects, and will soon offer specialized content designed to develop the performance skills of SM Institute students.

A joint venture established by SM Entertainment and Jongro Haneul Education, a leader in the domestic academy industry, SM Institute provides an exceptional learning experience that supports personalized learning without time and space constraints by applying advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence. Esteem, an SME affiliate, is also involved in the management of SMI Institute, providing expertise in modeling, entertainment and influence management, as well as fashion.

“Nurturing and developing pop culture artists requires extensive training, and as a result many budding artists give up on their education,” observed SM Institute President Choi Jin Young. “Through Advantages Digital Learning Solutions, SM Institute will leverage online learning to ensure that our students don’t have to abandon their education. This unique approach will allow students to pursue a wide range of potential pathways for their talents.”

“We have provided virtual learning in a wide range of environments, but this will be our first program connected to the music and entertainment industry at this scale,” said Pam Dion, CEO of ADLS. “We are honored and excited to work with SM Entertainment to provide content to the SM Institute.”

The ADLS/SME partnership also allows SM Institute to offer program applicants and other students a fine arts catalog of online courses that will include subjects like dance, choreography, voice, music appreciation, modeling and Korean culture and history.

“The fine arts catalog is an incredible new component for Advantages Digital Learning Solutions. It allows us to bring the ‘Korean Wave’ to a much larger and more diverse audience, and new fine arts options to kids anywhere in the world,” Dion explained.

SM Institute will begin accepting applications in late 2020 for the inaugural class which begins in March 2021. The company plans to expand internationally beginning in 2021, with a second location in Los Angeles followed by other major cities across Asia.

For more information, visit https://advantages-dls.com or email info@advantages-dls.comBecause the 2020 election saw an unprecedented number of mail-in ballots thanks to the Covid-19 pandemic, what would normally have been one tense night of waiting for the results turned into several days of collective waiting on social media.

And you know what that means: memes.

Thanks to the proliferation of TikTok memes and spinoffs dedicated to the election process throughout last week, the term “fancam,” a word popularized by K-pop fans to describe audience concert footage, is suddenly everywhere — even if most people are using it the wrong way.

The idea of the fancam popped up during the long wait for the results of the 2020 presidential election here in the US, as many people got in on making memes fawning over President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris, among other notable figures. And people even dedicated many of their memes to the various “battleground” states that gained prominence in the vote-counting process.

Memes about the election, especially the vote count, popped up on November 3, driven largely by TikTok and Twitter users — many of whom used existing videos to illustrate the general mood of anticipation, in particular the way all eyes were glued to a handful of key swing states like Nevada, Georgia, and Pennsylvania.

In fact, if you somehow didn’t already know how the vote counting was going, the tone of many of these fan edits and fanvids would immediately tip you off. (Notice how I didn’t call them fancams? That’s because they’re not fancams. More on fancams in a minute.)

Take, for example, this meme clowning on Nevada:

Going kinda slow there, guys? Nevada in particular received the early share of meme attention because of the state’s early announcement that its vote-counting process could take up to 10 days. Cue the onslaught of memes bemoaning Nevada’s slowness:

Elsewhere, in contentious states like Georgia and Pennsylvania, the call for a count was moving at a more frenzied pace. Memes followed accordingly:

In fact, over the course of the week’s extended vote count, just about every state got a fannish shout-out.

Many of the memes that went viral across social media celebrated the 4 million vote lead in the popular vote for Joe Biden. Left-leaning memesters were celebrating a shift in the swing states from red to blue as the votes came in.

In fact, some people got really elaborate with their metaphors:

The highlight for me was this delightful meme of US swing states as characters from a Japanese shounen anime series:

Alongside the humorous personification of various states, memes also portrayed characters as avatars like mail-in ballots and “the count” — which was literally portrayed as the Count from Sesame Street:

However, an odd and unexpected quirk arose from the conversation around many of these memes as they spread and gained momentum: The general public began calling most of these memes fancams.

It makes sense that as these videos proliferated on mainstream social media, people latched on to the idea that they were fancams. After all, fancams sound vaguely positive, and these are all positive memes meant to celebrate and commemorate the country’s agonizing but memorable shift from red to blue as votes for Biden slowly filtered in. For people who’ve seen K-pop and other fan videos across their social media feeds, the idea that we could have fancams of states and the electoral process itself undoubtedly made perfect sense.

It wasn’t just people on social media who labeled the videos fancams — CNN did it, too, in an article highlighting the many thirst videos TikTokers were making about political analysts.

But there’s just one problem: None of these things are fancams.

So, now you’re probably wondering:

That’s an excellent question, MSNBC political analyst Jacob Soboroff. It seems not a lot of people know, especially considering that almost none of the replies attempting to explain the meme format to Soboroff actually got their explanations correct — even the ones that attempted to present fancams of Soboroff himself to answer his question:

It’s not really anyone’s fault that the definition of a word as insular as fancam has been misunderstood. The word has its origins within fan culture — specifically K-pop “stan” culture. As K-pop has become more and more mainstream thanks to bands like BTS and Blackpink, more people have come into contact with its terminology and been confused about what it means.

But this is why you’re reading this, right? For enlightenment!

So here we go: A fancam is a video that a fan records at a concert that focuses just on their favorite K-pop idol or celebrity.

As I explained in my guide to K-pop fandom, a fancam is a very specific thing: It “allow[s] fans to follow their favorite idol the whole time during a performance, even if the main cameras are on a different part of the stage. That may not sound like a big deal, but fancams are a huge part of K-pop fan culture.” And they’ve spread to become even broader parts of stan culture outside of K-pop.

So, for example, if I want to watch The Untamed’s Wang Yibo’s recent performance of “Versace on the Floor,” I could watch the official performance — or I could watch this fancam, which is clearly filmed from the audience and features very different angles than all the official camerawork.

A fancam is so named to differentiate the fan’s camerawork from the official camerawork of an event. And some fancams are so good they become nigh legendary within their fandoms — like this fancam of Wang Yibo performing “EOEO,” his band’s signature song.

The misuse of the term during election week is what social media experts call “context collapse” and what we in fandom call “fannish drift”: the watering down of an established term and its previously understood meaning as it travels between different parts of the internet, from one social group to another.

But we already have a bunch of more well-established, generalized, and easy-to-remember terms for, like, every other kind of video on the internet. Geez, guys!

So what am I supposed to call all these other videos?

Tl;dr: You can call these election-week meme videos “edits,” “mashups,” or “remixes.”

But if you want to drill down into the whys and hows, read on.

First, take “mashup” — that’s when you take two or more different sources and combine them into a new thing. For one of the most sublime examples of this, there’s “Mouth Sounds” from Neil Cicierega — that’s the guy who’s spent much of the last two decades intermittently dropping incredible albums of pure remixes gleaned from combining internet culture and pop culture.

Then there’s “remix” — that’s when you take an existing video or song and add new elements to it. So those memes you’re seeing of Trump’s notably hyped spiritual adviser, Paula White? Memes like this one set to Eminem?

You can call each of those remixes: they take an existing video and set it to different music.

Then there are memes that take the remixes and turn those into mashups with other video cuts and footage — like this one of Paula White, courtesy of Ava DuVernay.

There’s no specific label for this kind of meme, but you’ll see it referred to as everything from a remix to an edit.

Finally, we have the “fanvid.” Fanvids of the late aughts and early 2010s, with their highly sophisticated editing, heavily influenced the direction that mainstream movie trailers have taken over the last decade. Check out the incredible syncing on this famous Marvel fanvid:

Fanvids also originate from pre-internet fandom and are still everywhere today. When fanvids hit YouTube, they more frequently became ID’d as “fan films” or “fan trailers.” The term fanvid never really filtered into mainstream internet culture and mainly just gets used by older fans.

Enter newer fans on Twitter, namely stan Twitter. These fans, having none of this history and taking the simplest and most straightforward route, tend to simply call everything edits.

You’ll notice that nearly all of these terms are interchangeable. But fancams? Fancams arguably aren’t interchangeable with these other terms. They’re a specific genre of fan creation, so a fancam isn’t the same thing as any old fan video on the internet, the way many other terms for “video of a thing” might be.

So go ahead and call this video compilation of viral political analyst Steve Kornacki a mashup or a remix or a fanvid or a fan trailer — or you can do what the kids do and just call it an edit.

Don’t be swayed by the insistence that things are fancams when they aren’t. For instance, these video compilations of Joe Biden? These are fanvids or edits, not fancams, despite what they say on the tin:

Same with this Kamala Harris montage — extremely fun, but still not a fancam.

Of course, this doesn’t mean that there aren’t some memes that defy easy labels. For instance: This video of Michelle Kwan filming herself in order to make her own version of the election vote memes may almost be a fancam — but is it still a fancam when you turned the camera on yourself? The jury is still out on that one.

So: Are there any actual fancams making the rounds as election season comes to a close?

Hmm. To fit the criteria, you’d need a video of someone performing on a stage, being filmed by a member of the audience, preferably while singing and dancing.

You know what? We’ll take it.They’re everywhere. It’s 2018 and I’m walking down the hallway of my public high school.

Between the crowds, I catch glimpses of hoodies, bracelets, phone cases and just about every piece of merchandise you can imagine, printed with the name of K-pop groups familiar to many today. SEVENTEEN, BTS, BLACKPINK.

Perhaps the greater American public would have been indifferent to these names if the seven-member South Korean boy band BTS didn’t become the first Asian winner of the Top Social Artist award at the Billboard Music Awards in 2017, breaking Justin Bieber’s six-year streak.

From that point on, it seemed like K-pop became a phenomenon.

My initial realization that K-pop was everywhere brought great joy to me. I had lived my childhood exposed to media dominated by men and women who didn’t share my racial/ethnic background. It made me wonder whether it was because our stories were too insignificant to be on screen. As a K-pop enthusiast, I was not only glad there were many others that shared my enjoyment of K-pop music, but also proud that people were finally open to exploring the richness of Asian cultures.

From the all-Asian cast of “Crazy Rich Asians” to “To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before” starring Vietnamese-American actress Lana Condor, the opening up of the American entertainment industry piqued an important question: Had the time finally come where young women like me could wash away the subtle shame of being “Asian?”

The answer wasn’t as easy as I thought.

Following the popularity of K-pop bands, I began bonding with new friends over our shared music interest, but as Asians became more seen in pop culture, the attacks against them seemed to become more common, louder and direct. I started hearing criticisms like “feminine” and “ugly” being levied at male artists, and “whore” or “cringy” at female artists. I believe those remarks exposed deeper truths.

“I guess… they just seem so… weird. Like, the guys put on makeup and dress in flashy outfits… They’re just different from what I’m used to seeing,” W, a longtime friend of mine who is Asian, said.

We were sitting shoulder to shoulder on a park bench, having a discussion. I contemplated my question of what really made her uneasy about K-pop artists, and saw the answer in the latter part of her response. They’re just different from what I’m used to seeing.

Like many of my friends, my family hailed from a foreign country while I was born on American soil and educated in Western institutions. To my family whose culture emphasized Confucian ideals, I was a free spirited disappointment.

Too straightforward. Too dreamy. Too American. This disdain was reciprocal, however. Unconsciously, we try to escape the cocoons of Asian culture that our families were trying so hard to preserve. W’s reaction was normal. We have grown up into a world saturated with white men and women and have internalized an American culture, consequently becoming strangers to our own. W’s unease reminded me that being American wasn’t just about a passport or Green Card; we needed to feel accepted.

Commonly, Asians are stereotyped as being only book-smart and are bland in character, it all works to label the Asian male as unattractive. Is the only way for them to not be seen as so is to become more “American/White?” The same pressure holds true for women.

It’s even harder for Asian women in America to break the glass ceiling as Asian cultures place greater restrictions on gender roles, leading women to believe that a docile and submissive personality is best. But they tend to be seen as “easy targets” and “weak” by American society, often even fetishized as a result.

Then, all of a sudden, you have Asian men and women standing on a stage and cheered on by a diverse crowd of fans. This was unprecedented. The American audience was buying into a music genre that once served niche Asian audiences. Seeing these people on a stage that was rarely theirs, I couldn’t help but think Wow, we can also be this. In a way, the popularity of K-pop has broken a stereotype, forcing everyone to question the typical Asian narrative.

But the fact that they didn’t give off the same machismo vibes of most popular American male celebrities made their presence even more uncomfortable, especially to people accustomed to certain portrayals of strong male figures in entertainment.

Like my friend said, people are not used to seeing Asian faces being approved of by a vast public. I wondered, why can’t we recognize that Asian culture can be appreciated and Asian men and women can be loved, no matter their appearance, just like their Western counterparts?

Asians are more than a “model minority,” yet this is the most common stereotype directed towards Asian Americans.

Today, because of this myth, Asians are regarded as a successful minority group motivated by a desire to achieve mobility. On the surface, it sounds like a compliment, but in reality, it exacerbates a flawed perception.

Not only does it invalidate the effort of Asian Americans, who have worked just as hard as other ethnicities to achieve similar heights, it suggests a privilege that many Asians are not privy to.

In the United States, Asians have historically benefited from proximity to white communities. White people tend to associate the focus of education in Asian culture to their mobility, which neglects to consider that Asians have benefited from better societal perception.

However, Asians have never had much power over the system — we conform and concede to it. Asians also have extremely limited political representation. We don’t control policy nor are used to speaking up to authority. Submissiveness was once a characteristic that served us well as laborers, but today, not so much.

Now, the rise of Asian xenophobia has reached new heights, forcing us to reconsider the idea of race, stereotypes, and how voices should be recognized.

Once virtues that were highly praised have also become targets of attack, mockery and hatred. To stereotype is to deny the nuances of an individual’s narrative and box them into a singular identity. It hurts more than you think. The pandemic is a testament to our societal character and in that process, we saw Asian lives being violated.

Amidst the push for greater racial equality and a raging pandemic, there is now an even more urgent need for Asian communities to stand up for ourselves.

Asian American leaders such as previous presidential candidate, Andrew Yang, Representative Grace Meng and Representative Judy Chu have all made tremendous efforts to combat anti-Asian xenophobia while documenting their own vulnerabilities during this time.

We need more voices to defend our communities. I believe in the progress we have made, and we can continue to sustain it.Exo, one of the biggest K-pop acts handled by SM Entertainment. The company’s own conduct is in the spotlight currently with some fans calling for a boycott. Photo: @weareone.exo/InstagramThere is a new hit called “Dynamite,” and it’s not by Taio Cruz. Breaking records in the last month, BTS (Bangtan Sonyeondan), also known as Bangtan Boys, became the first K-pop group from South Korea to reach the No.1 spot in the Billboard Top 100. Their hit “Dynamite,” a fun ’70s disco-pop song that broke the Youtube premiere record with 101.1 million views in 24 hours, is one of many popular songs this boy band has produced.

However, it isn’t just BTS that’s been taking over the global music community by storm, many other famous K-pop groups are pushing to make their American debut, and likewise, audiences are consuming their songs at a rapid pace. What started with the 2012 hit “Gangnam Style” by PSY has now become a 564.2 million dollar industry for South Korea. Along with BTS, popular Korean groups, like Blackpink, EXO, GOT7, Monsta X, Twice, are carving out a place in the U.S. music scene with millions of streams and video views. But it isn’t just the art form that attracts foreign fans; Korean music brings dimension to the fan-artist experience through personalized lyrics and pioneers Asian representation for the American music industry.

Many K-pop songs are about very pressing social issues in our society. Popular songs like “Mama” by EXO talk about the negative impact of technology on society and our relationships. Meanwhile, dancing elegantly to an electronic beat, missA breaks down the reality of slut-shaming and judging others on their outward appearance in “Bad Girl, Good Girl.” On the other hand, with impressive choreography and fiery energy, BTS expresses the pressures that young people face, such as criticism from older generations for being privileged to eat from a “Silver Spoon (Baepsae).”

In the U.S., this type of social issue messaging through music tends to be limited to BIPOC artists. Songs about mental health awareness, bullying, and gender discrimination in the American music industry are often hard to find. In contrast, Korean artists are usually a lot more engaged with their fandoms, appealing to American fans who rely on K-pop as an emotional support system.

The relatability of K-pop lyrics carries over to the artists’ treatment of their audience as well. Artists are known for being open and emotionally vulnerable about their personal lives when connecting with fans. For example, BTS created the popular hit “Dynamite” with the intention of bringing joy to fans that may be going through challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The artists’ personalities and openness to fans are often what strengthens fan loyalty and engagement. Even the Korean music industry’s concept of calling these pop stars “idols” is a means for K-pop stars to keep a clean and responsible image. This type of role model behavior is harder to find in the American music industry. Those American artists and celebrities who are open with fans — Justin Bieber, for instance — tend not to demonstrate the most responsible behavior. On the other hand, K-pop “idols” are expected to navigate the thin line of being both inspirational in their modeling of exemplary manners and approachable in televised or streamed content.

This approachability is a constant for international fans who, despite cultural and language differences, can find similarities through personality, humor, music, or food. The language barrier becomes of little concern to fans with Google Translate and automatic translation features on Youtube, VLive, and other social media platforms. Likewise, these K-pop artists often resonate strongly with many Black, Latinx, LGBTQ, and especially Asian American fans.

Looking into the American music industry, the lack of diversity is evident, especially for Asian Americans. Asian musicians, singers, and other related workers make up less than 4% in the American music industry, compared to the largest group being White at 73% and the second largest, Black, with 13%. The few Asian American artists that do exist in these spaces face many obstacles and much discrimination. Artists like Jay Park, born in Washington, often end up relocating to countries like South Korea, where they are more likely to make a career.

For many, K-pop’s growing popularity has become a sign of Asian acceptance or representation in the American entertainment industry. As such, Asian American artists like renowned DJ Steve Aoki and electronic music group Far East Movement openly welcome artists from Asia, such as BTS. The acceptance of their “foreign music” lessens the underlying stereotypes surrounding these artists and groups — promoting that these musicians are not just passable and “cool for an Asian,” but accepted and cherished for tremendous talent and hard work.

Additionally, many of these artists are socially active in breaking social and gender stereotypes. For many Americans, Korean male idols fit very unique and feminine beauty standards for their culture. Male artists can often be found showing their skincare routines, putting on makeup, or being affectionate towards male friends. Although toxic masculinity exists worldwide, many of these artists attempt to break it through performance and music. These are all reflections of the belief that “gender presentation does not map onto sexuality in any way,” found in Korean culture. This is another unique aspect of these groups encouraging their fan base of all ages and gender identities to be confident in both their identities and appearances.

Beyond providing memorable songs and challenging choreographies to their fanbase, many Korean artists are also very active in giving back through service. Many K-pop groups are active members and partners with prominent charitable organizations. Famous groups like EXO and BTS are known for their partnerships and donations to the United Nations. The most well-known and powerful demonstration of the K-pop fandom’s political influence in the U.S. was during the Black Lives Matter protests. Americans feel appreciated and loved by their favorite Korean artists for the consistent support shown toward social issues that directly impact much of the fanbase.

Shortly following #BlackoutTuesday, the hashtags #WhiteoutWednesday and #Blacklivesdontmatter attempted to gain support. However, many K-pop fans blocked out this type of racism and harassment by flooding these hashtags with pictures, gifs, videos, and fancams of their favorite Korean artists. Due to their action, the negative comments from these posts were drowned out by Wendy from Red Velvet’s dancing video, Lucas from NCT’s cheeky wink gif, or pictures of Stray Kid’s Felix posing.

However, it wasn’t just fans that were actively involved in raising social awareness. Many K-pop artists directly donated money to help the BLM movement, show their support to the non-violent protestors being arrested, and support their Black fans. But the move that received the most coverage was BTS donating 1 million dollars to the Black Lives Matter foundation, which was then quickly matched by the BTS fanbase “Army,” creating a donation total of 2 million dollars. This type of influence and positive impact towards community and social justice is not only extremely impressive and rare but also shocking, especially from non-American artists.

Their heightened awareness of social issues falls in line with Korean idol groups and artists’ commitment to changing the American music scene with their emotional vulnerability and challenge of social stereotypes. For their fans, this commitment is clear: Kpop artists have shattered records, changed lives, and helped communities to the point of being recognized in headlines as an army. Still, the public needs to realize that it’s unfair to categorize K-pop as “just this Asian thing,” when its impacts extend far beyond music and into reshaping our expectations for the social awareness of celebrities.

Image Credit: Image by TenAsia is licensed under CC BY 3.0To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The six-member K-pop boy band P1Harmony talk to the Post about what music means to them. Photo: FNC EntertainmentWhen K-pop star Hyolyn (third left) left Sistar, she started her own management company. Female K-pop stars are increasingly taking the reins of their careers. Photo: Starship EntertainmentIt has been a while since K-Pop enjoyed its last time in the sun in the UAE, but this Friday the Korea Creative Content Agency (KOCCA) is looking to change all that. The organisation will be hosting K-Pop online concert: 'KITE: K-POP in the Emirates' on November 13 at 8pm on the Korean Cultural Center YouTube Channel (youtube.com/c/KoreanCulturalCenterintheUAE).

The online event has been specially organized as a part of the Korea Festival 2020 celebrating 40 years of diplomatic relations between Korea and UAE.

A total of 26 musicians including NCT U, ASTRO, ATEEZ, AB6IX, THE BOYZ, Lovelyz, MOMOLAND, PENTAGON, CIX, (G)I-DLE, KIM JAE HWAN, W JSN, CRAVITY, CLC, Golden Child, Cherry Bullet, Rocket Punch, GIANT PINK, Dreamcatcher, DRIPPIN, EVERGLOW, CIGNATURE, DKB, B.O.Y, 3YE and AleXa will participate. For more information, visit koreafestivaluae.com. (david@khaleejtimes.com)It’s no secret that K-pop fans go all out when it comes to supporting their idols. Just look at the trending topics on Twitter every day. But a lot of the time, this undying love also means spending money, and lots of it. From concert tickets to merchandise, being a committed stan can get expensive, and a new study looked into just how much people are willing to spend.

E-commerce aggregator iPrice gathered data from hundreds of merchants in Southeast Asia and Hong Kong and compared how much BLACKPINK, TWICE, and BTS fans spend on merchandise, albums and EPs, and concert tickets based on average rates. The study was done under the assumption that a fan buys at least one merchandise per shopping category (for example, a light stick, a lomo card, a shirt, etc.), all of a group’s albums, and attend at least one concert per year.

In comparison, members of the TWICE fandom known as “Once,” can spend around $824 on merchandise, 14 albums, and four concerts. According to the report, BLACKPINK fans, known as “Blinks,” could spend an estimated $665. This is likely because the group is the newest of the three and have only had five albums and EPs. BLACKPINK debuted in 2016, while TWICE and BTS debuted in 2015 and 2013, respectively.

Photo cards are one of the most popular K-pop merchandise. In every album, a special collectible photo of a group member is placed inside. Fans usually want a complete set, much like collecting baseball or Pokemon cards. Some buy multiple albums to achieve this or to finally land a photo of their favorite member. Others also buy them from resellers online.

She owns about 50 photo cards in total, along with two light sticks, another popular merchandise item usually used during shows. Her favorite purchase? The concerts tickets she bought to see Exo, DPR, and NCT live.

Tan also owns three dolls — two of them based on NCT members and the other one based on a Seventeen member — that were “designed and sent for production by fan sites.”

“I like collecting them because it makes me happy. I like the idea of getting the photo card of my favorite member so I can put it in my wallet or the back of my phone case to make me smile whenever I look at it.”

“A.C.E has a very special place in my heart because their music has helped me through some of the toughest periods of my life,” she said.

This is after attending their concert in Singapore last year, collecting all their albums, and buying a whole bunch of merchandise like light sticks and plushies. She even dedicated an area in her bedroom to display her extensive collection, which includes Coca-Cola cans with the members’ faces on them.

“It’s the most memorable item I’ve purchased because I got it on the day of the BTS concert last year and my friends and I took turns to queue up for more than three hours to get it,” she recalled. “It was sold out everywhere else so when my friends and I finally laid our hands on our bombs, we were so incredibly happy.”

“Ultimately, I think collecting and buying these items make you feel more connected to the fandom, and you also feel like you’ve contributed to the band,” she said. “Everyone’s got their own hobby and mine is collecting BTS merch.”To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Bernie Cho, a Korean music industry executive, told CNN that "K-pop bands not only endorse big brands but become big time brands themselves." He added, "Individuals in such bands are viewed as investments." As an investment, these stars can't engage in anything that's perceived as scandalous, including drinking, drugs, or even dating. Cho added, "Many of the biggest Korean music management companies are also publicly traded stocks on the Korean stock exchange. Sensational headlines can take a serious hit on the bottom line."

For example, look no further than K-pop artists HyunA and E'Dawn, who were suspended by their record label, Cube Entertainment, after coupling up in 2018, according to CNN. Fan backlash over the pair's relationship caused Cube's stock price to drop several points. As a result, the label said, their trust in the artists was "broken beyond repair," per Korea Herald. While the furor over the scandal has since died down, dating is still a taboo for K-pop idols and trainees, said Lee Jong-im, a researcher at the Center for Culture & Society, via Korea Herald. "Trainees have been conditioned to refrain from dating in order to succeed," Lee said.

In some cases, dating bans are openly acknowledged. JY Park, CEO of JYP Entertainment, wrote of a three-year ban at the label, during which trainees are restricted from dating and instead encouraged to focus on practicing and rehearsing.K-pop fans have been trolling Donald Trump on the internet once again, flooding a new hashtag with photos of pancakes.

Yesterday (November 14), Trump supporters held a ‘Million MAGA March’ in Washington DC, supporting the outgoing President’s ongoing legal efforts against President-elect Joe Biden following the 2020 US election.

The hashtag #MillionMAGAMarch has been used by Trump supporters on Twitter in line with the march, and actor Shea Depmore started the idea for the hijack, saying: “We are not going to go and counter-protest in person. We’re gonna take over their hashtag instead.”

She then asked fans to “fill the hashtag MillionMAGAMarch here on Twitter, anywhere that has hashtags with pancakey goodness.” She also suggested fans use the #MAPA2020 hashtag (‘Make America Pancakes Again’).

“For all those denial ridden, racist, homophobes out there. Here’s some rainbow pancakes,” one wrote on Twitter.

Another added: “Nothing flips blue like blueberry pancakes and maybe Arizona.”

Celebrities have also been getting involved with the hashtag. George Takei tweeted: “#MillionMAGAMarch is…pancakes. And if you’re planning on going, please reconsider. Stay home. Let the incels shout into the wind.”

Earlier this year, K-pop fans trolled President Trump by registering hundreds of thousands of fake tickets for a Trump rally in Oklahoma.

Trump held a gathering in Tulsa in July, reporting before the event that a million people had registered for tickets.

The event was poorly attended, though, and as the New York Times report, the discrepancy of ticket requests to attendees likely came from an undercover campaign by K-Pop fans to sabotage the event.

New York congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez lauded the K-Pop fans and TikTokers for their work in registering the fake tickets, writing: “You just got ROCKED by teens on TikTok who flooded the Trump campaign w/ fake ticket reservations & tricked you into believing a million people wanted your white supremacist open mic enough to pack an arena during COVID.”SEOUL (Reuters) - K-pop boy band TOMORROW X TOGETHER (TXT) describe their latest EP as a teen account of how the pandemic shattered their world, and they hope it resonates with young people everywhere.

The EP contains the singles “Blue Hour” and “We Lost the Summer”, which both reflect the impact of the health crisis. The video for “We Lost the Summer” was released on Thursday.

“We wanted to tell a story only we could tell in these times. It’s a teen narrative on how the pandemic has impacted the world, in our relationships with our friends and loved ones,” band-member Yeonjun told Reuters.

“These are hard times for everyone. We wanted to share music that people can relate to and find comfort from,” said Heuningkai.

The band, whose members are aged between 18 and 21, made their debut just one year ago and have won fans around the world. Their debut single “Crown” was viewed online over 15 million times in 24 hours.

K-pop is reaching an wider global audience as Korean bands use more English in their lyrics.

Korean Boy band BTS, signed to the same label Big Hit Entertainment as TXT, picked up four prizes at the MTV Europe Music Awards last Sunday, including best song and best group, capping a year in which they underlined their status as a major global act.

BTS is also the first K-Pop band to have a number one in the U.S. charts.

The young men of TXT say they are delighted to have reached people outside Korea.

“We can’t express in words how much it means to us that so many people relate to and support our music. We are Gen-Z artists and I think that speaking about subjects that are important to us, like dreams and youth, has helped us to reach people of our age.”K-Pop star G-Dragon just gave us the perfect reason to buy a new pair of shoes: He's releasing a new "Para-noise" shoe with Nike.

Announced by Nike on November 5, G-Dragon's new Air Force 1s come almost exactly a year after his first collaboration with the brand, which received many accolades. An instant fan favorite, the first Para-Noise was black with white and red accents and the distinct sunflower detailing on the tongue. "The Air Force 1 Para-Noise blurs the lines between reality and utopia with a black painted upper that wears away over time to reveal personal artwork created by G-DRAGON," Nike said about the first shoe when it was released on November 23, 2019. This time around, however, G-Dragon went with an inverse color scheme; keeping the same feel and character of the first collaboration.

The new Nike x G-DRAGON AF1 Para-noise is a white shoe with black laces and accents, an ode to G-Dragon's "self-actualization," according to Nike. "The white upper gives way to his painting, each wearer creates an individual aesthetic based on their unique journey," the brand said about the shoe. Available globally on November 25, the shoe comes just in time for the holiday season, making it the perfect gift for any stylish friend. (Extra points if they are V.I.P and hypebeast).

Since being discharged from his mandatory military service in late 2019, G-Dragon hasn't just been creating killer shoes, though. He's also working on new music, with a solo comeback expected for sometime next year. According to Hypebeast, YG Entertainment confirmed the news earlier this week. Whether it's because of his exciting shoe releases or his upcoming album, it's surely been an eventful few days for G-Dragon fans!

Check out the upcoming Para-noise white AF1s in detail below:

Let us slide into your DMs. Sign up for the Teen Vogue daily email.

Want more from Teen Vogue? Check this out:
• None BLACKPINK's Jennie and G-Dragon Wore the Same, Exact $10,000 Jacket
• None BLACKPINK’s Lisa Could Be Launching Her Own Fashion LineA K-Pop concert with a star-studded line-up is coming our way this month. In line with the UAE-Korea Cultural Dialogue to celebrate 40 years of diplomatic relations between the UAE and South Korea, the Korea Festival 2020 is returning with ‘KITE: K-Pop in the Emirates’, on November 13.

Hosted by the Embassy of the Republic of Korea in the UAE and organised by the Korea Creative Content Agency (KOCCA), the K-Pop concert will feature a total of 26 groups and soloists, including NCT U, Astro, CIX, (G)I-DLE, Ateez, AB6IX, Rocket Punch, Giant Pink, The Boyz, Lovelyz, Momoland, Kim Jae-hwan, WJSN, Pentagon, Cravity, CLC, Golden Child, Cherry Bullet, Dreamcatcher, Drippin, Everglow, Cignature, DKB, B.O.Y, 3YE and AleXa.

Members of NCT U and Momoland have previously performed in Dubai. SM Entertainment’s boy group took the stage at ‘SMTown Live World Tour VI in Dubai’ in 2018 alongside their label mates. As for the latter, they kicked off their world tour, ‘Momoland Live in Concert’, at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Stadium at the beginning of 2019.

This may come as exciting news to fans given that the highly-anticipated K-Pop shows ‘Music Bank in Dubai’ and ‘K-Pop Super Concert’ were postponed in light of the coronavirus outbreak.

The title of the concert ‘KITE’ was revealed to be chosen to “show the meaning of both the Korean and UAE kites flying in the sky to celebrate 40 years strong friendship” and to give hope to UAE-based K-Pop fans facing challenging times due to COVID-19.

K-Pop groups will be relaying special messages to fans in the UAE in a move to be more connected during the virtual event, the Korean Cultural Center (KCC) in the UAE revealed.

The concert will take place on KCC’s YouTube channel on November 13, starting at 8pm. The replay of the concert will be available for viewing until November 18.

Last year, in celebration of the Year of Tolerance, Korea Festival 2019 flew in K-Pop boy groups B.I.G and D-Crunch to perform on stage in Abu Dhabi.

Launched at the beginning of this month until November 18, this year’s 7th annual festival will showcase various other programmes including online lectures and seminars, Korean food tasting and art exhibitions, among others.New K-pop boy band Enhypen will release their first mini album, “Border: Day One”, on November 30. Credit: Belift LabThe 2020 Melon Music Awards have unveiled their Top 10 Artists.

Here's how to watch the 2020 Melon Music Awards

Winners were determined by Melon downloads, streaming counts, and user votes. Voting commenced on 11 November and ended on 20 November.

Here are the winners of this year's Top 10:

Over the weekend, the final list of nominees for the 2020 Melon Music Awards had also been rolled out. Check out who they are below:
• Baek Yerin - Every Letter I Sent to You
• BLACKPINK - 'How You Like That'
• BLACKPINK - 'How You Like That'
• J.Y Park - 'When We Disco (Duet with Sunmi)'

MMA 2020 will be going online this year, due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The event will be held across 4 days, starting 2 December, 5 PM (TH/ID Standard Time) or 6 PM (PH/SG/MY Standard Time) until 5 December.Make way for the king! King Choice conducted a poll between October 16 to October 31 hunting of the 'The King of Kpop' and Jimin topped the poll for the second consecutive year.

All rise for the King of K-pop 2020! BTS singer Jimin has been in the news for a number of reasons this month. From his birthday to his stellar performance on Black Swan and Filter during Map of the Soul ON:E, Mochi has held our attention. The singer's stan now kick-off November on a happy note as the ChimChim has been crowned the King of Kpop by King Choice. The BTS member was voted as the deserving winner of the title.

According to AllKPop, one of the largest Kpop voting website King Choice conducted a poll between October 16 to October 31. Jimin received massive 12,568,794 upvotes and was crowned "The King of Kpop." The Bangtan member crowned the title last year after he received 1,275,292 votes. Thus making his bag the title two years in a row. The win comes just months after Jimin topped the King Choice's Top Male K-pop Idol Dancer Rankings of this year. He received 6,281,147 votes and topped the chart.

Meanwhile, Jimin joined his fellow members, RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, V and Jungkook to appear in the group's upcoming album concept clips. BTS is set to release their new album titled BE. In the new teaser, Jimin along with other members see their reflection in the mirror. Check it out here: BTS drops BE Concept Clips: Members look at their reflection in a mirror; ARMY flips over the music in video

In a recent interaction with NDTV, Jimin revealed that the members had various kinds of opinions and they have managed to incorporate it all in this album. Are you excited about the album? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueIf you're a die-hard fan of K-pop then you definitely know how savage some fans can get towards anyone shading one of their favorite stars, but also for performers themselves they don't think are "worthy" of the fame they're getting. And while each K-pop stan probably has their own individual list of who they hate most in the genre, there are a few key K-pop idols who are the most hated in 2020.

Who are the most hated K-pop idols? Blackpink's Jennie is still experiencing some residual ire.

Jennie was accused of "lazy dancing" back in the day along with having a "bad attitude" when it came to her career. There are also a ton of fans who think that YG Entertainment was playing favorites with Jennie by scheduling more promotions for the singer and hooking her up with better clothes.

Then there's Red Velvet's Yeri who fans deemed as lazy and not well-coordinated enough on stage (not sure if you're noticing a theme here). She was even being accused of being too much of an attention seeker for having throngs of famous friends, but then again, you know, she is part of a K-pop group ... and is literally called an idol. The whole point's to be "idolized," so I don't know what her critics are thinking.

Because we live in a day and age where the second you say something that upsets someone, your entire career can be thrown in the garbage, Momoland's Nancy made a quip about bulimia when she was a teenager that had folks outraged. But, that was a long time ago. Then there's Soyeon from (G)I-DLE, who was accused of cultural appropriation when she spoke of making songs in an "African style" and then proceeded to sing in a low voice, with many fans saying it sounded as if she was attempting to imitate a Black man.

It's difficult to imagine that anyone in BTS would ever get hate, as they are arguably one of the most influential K-pop groups of all time and were said to really take the modern K-pop musical movement to staggering new heights. For some reason, though, the group's three youngest members, Jungkook, V, and Jimin, seem to get a gratuitous amount of hateration geared their way.

ASTRO's Eunwoo is also hated on for, simply put, being really, really good looking. Well, that, and people not being big time fans of his acting, stating that his facial expressions and line delivery are, simply put, just awful. Kai from EXO is also not everyone's favorite either, mostly because of his dating scandals with Krystal from f(X) and Blackpink's Jennie, which could actually have gotten her in trouble because her management company doesn't let her have a significant other.

Tzuyu from TWICE also gets hated on for being the "pretty" one in the group and not displaying an outpour of passion while she's performing on stage. Also, she gets hate for her vocals, but come on, the stuff's so overly produced that it's hard to really care about anyone's pipes in the genre.

Kang Daniel is the most famous member in Wanna One (where these names come from I have no idea) and even has his own popular reality TV series. He also dated Jihyo from TWICE and it was apparently scandalous because K-pop stars are expected to be Catholic priests or something. It hasn't seemed to affect his career at all, however.

The hate that Hwasa from Mamamoo gets is probably the most confounding. There have been loads of people saying that she's way too sexy, but that she's also "fat and ugly." Sadly, that's because she doesn't really conform to traditional K-pop beauty standards where everyone's rail-thin with light skin.

Honorable mention: Choi Siwon from Super Junior is still being hated on from a 2017 incident involving his family dog. While his dad was walking the pooch, it bit their 53-year-old neighbor, a restaurant owner by the name of Mrs. Kim. She ended up dying of sepsis and everyone started getting on Siwon's case for owning an animal while living in a crowded city.

What do you think about these "most hated" K-pop stars? Are there some of your own you'd like to add to this list?Korean Esports org, T1, just announced a project with kpop group, BTS, on their Twitter. Sporting the hashtag #T1xRUNBTS, the team tagged the group in a short 16-second video featuring sound waves, muffled music, voices, and a heartbeat monitor that concludes with a glitch into a T1 RUN BTS graphic.

Kpop and esports have been merging more and more over the past few years, especially in the League of Legends scene with Riot Games' K/DA group, releasing their first single POP/STARS in 2018, and releasing an entire album this year. The first couple of songs have already been released with more on the way.

This marks yet another big partnership between kpop and esports, with BLACKPINK partnering with PUBG Mobile earlier this Fall, and BTS launching their own mobile game as well, which is coming soon. Popular EXO member, Sehun, purchased part of LCK team, SeolHaeOne Prince, earlier this year, too. This isn't even the first time BTS and T1 have been mentioned together this year either, with Korea offering a new law that would allow celebrity members, like those in BTS, or legendary esports stars, like Lee "Faker" Sang-hyeok, to delay their mandatory military duty.

This announcement comes with a wave of other announcements made by the team in the past months since the end of their League of Legends season, including the departure of head coach Kim, the release of their other coaches and analysts, the signing of star Twitch streamer, Tyler1, and more.

Stay tuned for more information on the organization's involvement with BTS, and check out more KPOPxESPORTS stories on our culture channel.

For more LoL Esports news and content, head over to our dedicated League of Legends section!

Find full schedules, brackets, and more for your favorite esports on Juked.gg!

Looking for more esports culture? We got it.K-pop quartet Blackpink were named the biggest band in the world in October by the Bloomberg news agency. Photo: YG EntertainmentA one-week event featuring conferences, exhibitions, and a concert revolving around the K-wave will be happening this November.

From 16 to 23 November, the Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism is bringing together an all-rounded event to celebrate the Korean wave, also known as the Hallyu wave, with the Korea Ministry of Trade, Industry, and Energy. This will be presented as ON: Hallyu Wave, an all-in-one festival for fans, content creators, companies, and more. It will also host real-time sales sessions.

The first few days of ON: Hallyu Festival will be targeted at content creators and companies, while a K-pop concert catering to fans will be held on its final day. The programme will be available for live streaming globally through Naver’s platform, V Live.

Dubbed the Unite ON: Live Concert, the lineup includes artists spread across multiple genres, such as SuperM, MONSTA X, Oh My Girl, Somi, ITZY, IDIOTAPE, Jambinai, Leenalchi, Ambiguous Dance Company, Loco, Changmo, and Colde.

The show will be joined by special guests from the region, namely Raisa from Indonesia, K-ICM from Vietnam, ft APJ, and Trinity, from Thailand. It will be hosted by MCs Somi and Bo Min.

According to news sources, the ON: Hallyu Festival aims to “provide comfort to people around the world who are exhausted from COVID-19 while providing helpful opportunities to local businesses through the power of Hallyu”, said Culture Minister, Park Yang-woo.

Many other concerts and events have also shifted online in view of the coronavirus. Most recently, BTS announced an online exhibition following their virtual show MAP OF THE SOUL O:NE, while other artists such as SEVENTEEN, TWICE, NCT, and IZ*ONE have been announced to perform at the Mnet Asian Music Awards.

For more information on the ON: Hallyu Festival, visit their website here.Growing up, Joe Rascal kept his love of K-pop a secret. Afraid of what his grade-school friends would think of this style of Eastern music, Rascal, a Korean-Canadian who grew up in uptown Toronto, would often retreat to his bedroom with his headphones plugged into his Walkman to listen to groups like the mid-2000s breakout act Big Bang, who were once-dubbed "kings of K-pop."

This is a fairly common experience among second-generation immigrants whose cultures can be othered and judged by North Americans, both intentionally and unintentionally. But K-pop — a bright and bombastic mix of hip hop, pop, electronic and more — is no longer a hidden or guilty pleasure. Instead, it's a global sensation.

At the turn of the millennium, the internet and streaming services helped break down barriers for international genres like Latin pop and K-pop. Suddenly, non-English genres began to find audiences around the world, attracting listeners who both did and didn't understand the language, but were drawn nonetheless to the sounds and visuals of these artists. Early K-pop groups like Wonder Girls, Super Junior, Girls' Generation and Big Bang were already big successes in Asia, but soon, they found their footing in other markets like Europe and North America.

Most historical accounts of K-pop point the genre's origin to the early '90s hip hop/pop trio Seo Taiji and Boys, but the term "K-pop" is believed to have been coined by English media around 1999. More than two decades later, though, its definition remains amorphous, sometimes simply referring to Korean popular music and other times encompassing the larger industry that produces K-pop acts. Musically, K-pop has an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink mentality, a maximalism that crams in multiple styles and key changes into one song.

But as Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of cultural anthropology at George Mason University Korea told South China Morning Post: "K-pop is essentially a mixture of American and Japanese music, which means it is not completely original."

"Nowadays, because K-pop is so big, I just want to share it with the world," Rascal tells CBC Music, changing his tone in the years since his shameful school experiences. In fact, he is now one-third of Uptown Boyband, a group that sings in both English and Korean, and proclaims to be "Toronto's first alternative K-pop band."

What is authenticity in K-Pop?

In 2019, the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry's Music Listening report listed K-pop as the seventh most popular genre in the world. Groups like BTS and Blackpink are now record-breaking acts and household names. In 2018, BTS became the first K-pop act to reach no. 1 on the Billboard 200. Earlier this year, Blackpink earned three Guinness World Records with the release of its single "How You Like That." And six of YouTube's top 10 most-viewed videos in its first 24 hours belong to BTS and Blackpink, thanks to their dedicated worldwide fanbase.

K-pop has now ballooned into a $5 billion industry and is an integral part of South Korea's economy, but with the globalization of K-pop in recent years, other countries are now itching to get in on that success. This can mean a myriad of things, from booking K-pop groups to tour in their country to hosting K-pop conventions as cities like Toronto and Vancouver have done. But it's also natural for artists to want to create their own music inspired by K-pop — and that is where questions of ownership, appropriation and liberties begin to arise.

Uptown Boyband may not necessarily consider themselves K-pop, but the members do see their use of that title, combined with the word "alternative," as a way of embracing their Korean heritage.

"We take a lot of inspiration from K-pop," member Roc Lee clarifies. "We understand, in K-pop music, it blends multiple genres into one song and the standards they have are on another level. So we look at that and we're like, OK, let's take the aspects that we like from it and blend it into our own music. Let's mix that with the western music that we also grew up listening to in Toronto."

Third member Justin Trash adds: "When we attach the 'alternative' title to it, we're taking an alternative route. We're not in that K-pop structure. We get inspired by the work ethic and the aesthetics, and we're just trying to drive those principals into our group as well."

As an act that is not native to or based in South Korea, to call yourself a K-pop act in any way immediately draws the attention of K-pop fans, and the reaction can be divisive. Whether it is deemed authentic or not is contingent on your definition of K-pop, and that can vary from person to person. For example, Tamar Herman, a K-pop reporter and author of the book BTS: Blood, Sweat & Tears, doesn't see K-pop as a genre.

"K-pop doesn't have a clean-cut definition," she says. "I consider 'K-pop' an industry, so the idea of being a K-pop group or not depends on proximity to the industry."

That industry Herman refers to is a large, intricate system that has been perfected over the years by South Korean music executives. This includes auditioning, intensive training, and a 360-degree construction of an artist or group's identity, including music, styling, videos and choreography. While some have been critical of the controlling nature of such a system, this has become a signature of K-pop culture. So what does it mean for a group to not only form outside of that industry, but to do it in an entirely different country?

Perhaps one of the most famous examples of this is EXP Edition, widely known as the first non-Korean K-pop band — and also one of the most controversial groups. Formed in 2017 by a woman named Bora Kim, EXP Edition — composed of four American men singing in Korean — came out of a documentary art project Kim worked on at New York's Columbia University. Wanting to find a way to explore social issues and the K-pop industry, Kim told , "I found that perhaps making a group was the best way to learn about the industry rather than reading a lot of misinformation." In order to pull off the operation, she brought on two partners, Karin Kuroda and Samantha Y. Shao.

EXP Edition has since relocated to South Korea and its members have adapted to a demanding training schedule akin to native idols. They have even learned to speak Korean, although critics of the group have pointed out problems with their pronunciation.

Upon debuting, EXP Edition members were faced with an onslaught of hate. Some believed the group was trying to capitalize on the popularity of K-pop, others thought it was a parody. Many noted their broken Korean as a reason to dismiss them, but some argued that the music itself was bad. According to some who have learned to accept EXP Edition, the group's efforts and engagement with the industry could qualify it as a K-pop act. EXP Edition has even been able to grow a Korean fanbase.

In a 2018 documentary by , Kuroda pushed back against those who police what K-pop can and can't be, especially global fans who reside outside of Korea.

"There is definitely a sense of ownership K-pop fans have," she said. "It's so interesting because they themselves act as if they're an ambassador of K-pop, so when they see something threatening it or something that they think is threatening it, they are very outrightly trying to protect it."

EXP Edition member Sime argued in that same doc that K-pop is going through a similar transition as older musical genres: "I think this is a type of situation that a lot of artists have been in before. It happened with jazz, it happened with hip hop — when a certain genre becomes so globally recognized, it is only natural that more and more people from different backgrounds are going to become a part of it."

And EXP Edition isn't the only band that has attempted to take on the K-pop industry and label. In 2018, an all-Chinese group called Boy Story made its debut under Tencent Music Entertainment and JYPE China. This past April, a girl group from the UK named Kaachi made its debut and of its four members, only one is Korean. Later this year, an all-Japanese girl group called NiziU will make its debut after forming on a competition reality series. All of these groups have already attracted an equal amount of adoration and skepticism.

So can you be inspired by K-pop?

As fans continue to debate the ownership of the K-pop label, more non-Korean acts will likely emerge and Uptown Boyband's Roc Lee encourages others to follow in their footsteps.

"If you want to join or make an alternative K-pop group, that's all up to you," he says. "It just depends on how much hard work you want to put behind it, what kind of music you want to make, and for us, we have the opportunity where nobody else can define us but ourselves."

While naming yourself K-pop and being influenced by K-pop music are two different things, Herman believes the latter is absolutely possible. "The quality of K-pop productions are really where it stands out from other global music scenes at the moment," she explains, noting that even though Uptown Boyband's sound pulls more from K-hip hop, their aspirations and ideas of pulling elements from K-pop illustrate how K-pop has influenced their group.

Maria Sherman, author of Larger Than Life: A History of Boy Bands From NKOTB to BTS, is a little more suspicious of this phenomenon of non-Korean K-pop acts, citing "clear appropriation." While she, too, agrees that there is a way to be inspired by K-pop, "labelling your group as K-pop and not actually participating in the K-pop machine seems concerning to me. In general, it's really sticky territory."

Sherman also identifies another big factor in K-pop labelled acts that don't come directly out of South Korea's industry: success and reach. "I don't think any of those groups will pop off in the same way that proper K-pop groups will," she suggests, indicating the amount of support outreach and visibility that being part of the K-pop system affords a group.

Ultimately, this issue will always fall on fans and their reactions. And in that case, Sherman says K-pop fans will remain diligent and, yes, protective.

"K-pop fans are some of the most progressive, politically aware, curious and smartest fans of all time," Sherman contends. "And if something smells fishy, they're willing to call out their artists or call out the culture."K-pop girl group Secret Number released on Wednesday its second single, “Got That Boom”, an upbeat EDM track composed by COTTON GLOVE, Shark, A Wright, Francesca Richard, Edgar Vargas and Jedi.

Shark and A Wright also wrote the group’s debut single “Who Dis?”, released on May 19.

According to Soompi, the lyrics to the new single were written by Jo Yoon-kyung and band member Jinny, who also wrote the rap part for “Who Dis?”.

The music video for “Who Dis?” has been viewed more than 31 million times to date on 1theK, the group’s official YouTube channel.

Meanwhile, the "Got That Boom” music video has received warm response from viewers, with a majority dubbing Secret Number “rookie group of the year”.

The video had been viewed more than 3.8 million times and liked by over 574,000 viewers at the time of publishing.

Debuting this year under South Korea’s VINE Entertainment, Secret Number is Jinny, Léa, Sodam, Denise and Yogyakarta-born Dita, the group’s sole Indonesian member. (wir/wng)TXT's breezy b-side track "We Lost The Summer" begins with the sound of a ticking clock. Then, a sparkling marimba beat and a young voice breathily lamenting a season forfeited to time and circumstance. As the bright dancehall rhythm intensifies, so do the mournful sentiments of loss and longing. It's a song wrapped in shiny cellophane, the color of cotton candy—the taste of bitter lemon piths. For many teens, including the members of K-pop group TOMORROW X TOGETHER, that's the reality of 2020; time ticks away, and yet we're caught in an endless state of staticity, or an "eternal winter," as TXT sings on the aptly titled pop tune from their new EP Minisode1: Blue Hour.

Tomorrow X Together, whose members range in international age from 18 to 21, have captured the complicated and oftentimes confusing feelings of adolescence through their music since their debut in 2019. "Crown" is an energetic reflection of physical and emotional growing pains; the edgier "9 and Three Quarters (Run Away)" celebrates the transformative magic of friendship; and this past May's "Can't You See Me?" bubbles with broody resentment as they continue to navigate their relationship to one another. Their most recent single, "Blue Hour," continues that coming-of-age journey and paints the whimsical picture of boyhood in shades that are colorful and complex. These broad strokes of youth are designed to be relatable to almost anyone. But "We Lost The Summer” is specific to the here and now.

Written in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic that continues to devastate families and disrupt our daily lives, the song expresses this unforgettable moment in time through the eyes of young people who are living through it. "People lost routineness in their lives," member Beomgyu explained to Elle. "People of our age couldn’t even physically attend school anymore. This song is a teen narrative about the changes in the world this year." With lyrics (translated to English) like "I'm left on the endless evening of March 1," the track balances feelings of immense loss with the minutiae of a new reality, speaking to a generation that feels stuck in limbo—whose concerns and perspectives adults often overlook.

So perhaps it's not surprising then that Bang Si-hyuk, the founder and co-CEO of BTS and TXT’s parent company Big Hit Entertainment, drew inspiration for "We Lost The Summer" from a 1998 Korean pop song from his own youth sung by three teenage sisters known as Han's Band.

Their song "Arcade" ("오락실") was released at the height of the Asian Financial Crisis that led to the worst economic recession in South Korea's postwar history. Sisters and instrumentalists Kim Han-na, Kim Han-byul, and Kim Han-sam—who were junior high students at the time—sing of a young girl who meets her unemployed father at the arcade after school. The girl never realizes that her dad is out of a job; through her naive eyes, she thinks he's skipping work to play games. But the harsh reality of that time—when unemployment was at an all-time high and men left their homes every morning only to wander aimlessly—is reflected in the lyrics. "Today's headlines say," they sing in childlike wonder, "there are many dads in the arcade."Imelda Schweighart just upset K-pop fans the world over – but it was not the first time the German-Filipino model has polarised opinions. Photo: @imahartiesofficial/InstagramYour age on the outside might not match your age on the inside – if you’ve ever been told that you’re young at heart or that you’re basically a boomer, then you totally get it! If you want to find out the true age of your soul via some K-pop bops, then take this quiz.

Did your real age match your mental age? Tell us in the comments!A publicity stunt involving South Korean girl group Blackpink and a cuddly baby panda has prompted outraged comments and calls for an apology from some in China.

The endangered animals are native only to China, which claims ownership over all pandas loaned to foreign zoos, including those born abroad.

Many Chinese are particularly sensitive about representations of what they view as a national symbol, sentiments fed by rising nationalism that often takes its most virulent form on the internet.

The outrage over a video of group members cuddling the baby panda in Everland Zoo near Seoul may also reflect a growing awareness of animal welfare, with the China Wildlife Conservation Association among those raising their voices.

The stunt “violated the professional requirements for protection of the giant panda," the group said, adding that the zoo should improve its management to ensure such incidents do not happen again.

READ MORE:

 * Why Blackpink's The Album is the perfect K-pop primer

 * Pure Dynamite: The 7 best BTS music videos ranked

 * K-pop stamps Korea's mark on the world



In comments under a posting of national broadcaster CCTV's report on the controversy, users called for apologies from the band and their management and some form of explanation from the zoo itself.

“If it's all about the money and you cannot or don't wish to take proper care of (the pandas), then give them back to us," wrote one person, using the name Jenea-y.

“K-pop" bands such as Blackpink are hugely popular in China, as well as in South Korea, Japan and elsewhere. But politics poses a particular challenge for those seeking fame and fortune in the vast Chinese market.

Any hint of criticism of China's ruling Communist Party – and its take on major historical events – or support for an independent Taiwanese identity or for the pro-democracy movement in Hong Kong can bring a major fan backlash, egged on by state media and Chinese diplomats. South Koreans tend to be the biggest targets of such attacks, along with Americans and Japanese.

Last month, Chinese nationalists unloaded on South Korean boy band BTS after its leader thanked Korean War veterans for their sacrifices. Chinese internet users and state media took RM’s comments as a slap at China, whose soldiers fought alongside North Korean forces during their failed attempt to annex South Korea in the 1950-53 war.

The force of the outburst prompted South Korean companies to drop the use of BTS in their Chinese promotional materials, although the long-term effects appear to have been relatively mild. In comparison, China completely destroyed the Chinese business of South Korean retail and entertainment giant Lotte after it provided land in South Korea for a US anti-missile system opposed by Beijing.

In Blackpink's case, the effects appear to be even more fleeting, and by Friday the level of invective had fallen considerably. The band's management removed the video and scrapped plans to use it in its reality TV show, although no formal apology has been offered.

Some Chinese fans even sought to defend their idols, pointing out that the photo-op had obviously received approval from the zoo and the band members were wearing personal protective equipment when holding the cub.It’s undeniable that the K-pop genre has developed into a global phenomenon, with passionate fans everywhere around the world — and it’s not hard to see why. The music is catchy, fun, and addictive. K-pop idols are fashionable, ultra-talented, and gorgeous. They dress impeccably. They appear on variety shows and come off as funny and relatable. And they do some really homoerotic things onstage. Is much of this fan service? Yes. Does it work? Also yes. In fact, a quick look through YouTube boasts dozens of fan-made compilations of gay K-pop moments.

Some of these videos are over 15 minutes long and have multiple parts, because K-pop fans are nothing if not extremely dedicated. The vids show idols playing kissing games, being generally affectionate and snuggly, and holding one another on and off the stage.

Western audiences may have been slow on the uptake, but the music and subsequent culture of K-pop have been on the rise outside of Korea, in East and Southeast Asia, North Africa, and South Africa for years. Now the United States seems to finally have caught up, embracing all things K-pop. Korean groups have appeared on American awards shows and late-night TV, performing for Jimmy Fallon and James Corden. TIME magazine released a bookazine about BTS, calling them “The K-Pop Band that Conquered the World.”

It’s pretty obvious that K-pop is thriving and here to stay. With it, we can expect more hoards of fans following Korean idols’ every performance and appearance, running update sites about seemingly mundane things like airport fashion*, and chronicling gay K-pop moments.

It’s no secret that homosexuality in South Korea is generally not looked upon favorably, but attitudes seem to be slowly changing. Lonely Planet recently wrote that “2018 saw South Korea’s first openly gay K-Pop idol (Holland), its first drag parade, and the most internationally successful K-Pop group, BTS, speak about supporting LGBT rights.” This summer, The Chicago Council on Global Affairs published an article titled South Koreans Becoming More Accepting of LGBTQ Community, highlighting an increasing trend toward LGBTQ acceptance.

Is it possible that with this move toward acceptance, the world of K-pop will change as well? Will we see more idols coming out, less fan service and more honest representation, and video compilations of gay K-pop moments that include proudly out idols?

Because we at Hornet want everyone to get the chance to live their truth, we hope so. There is nothing wrong with these fan-made compilations, and there is no telling for sure whether the idols included in them are heterosexual or belong to the LGBTQ community. But it’s good to remember that we have a number of K-pop videos that purposefully include gay representation, too.

As the first openly gay K-pop idol ever, Holland debuted with this beautiful video depicting a same-sex kiss. Vogue wrote of the artist: “Even his name is a statement — Go Tae-seob renamed himself Holland as a nod to the country that was the first to legalise same-sex marriage.”

Planet Shiver’s “Rainbow” is an anthem for individuality and equality, and features a queer couple.

One of the saddest videos of all time, Red Velvet’s Wish Tree music video is about two women and the unrequited love one feels for the other.

The queer subtext is off the charts in Monsta X’s “All In” video. A true masterpiece that never gets old!

Whether real, imagined, or subtextual, there’s a lot of queer flavor to work with in the world of K-pop, and it’s impossible not to see the appeal of the genre, especially to members of the LGBTQ community.

Sound off below with your favorite gay K-pop moments, and let us know if we’ve missed any!

*This author firmly believes there is nothing mundane about airport fashion, especially when it comes to Korean idols. The author is addicted to Google image searches of “[idol name] airport style” and unashamed of it.Last week, SM Entertainment announced the debut of K-pop girl group aespa, who will have both real and virtual idols, but fans had concerns.

A new era is about to dawn in K-pop. Last week, SM Entertainment — the company often credited with creating the modern-day blueprint for K-pop — announced the debut of their first girl-group in six years, aespa. As the news set the virtual sphere abuzz, SM threw something else into the mix: aespa would have both real and virtual members.

In an introductory video, SM Founder Lee Soo Man explained the concept and what the existence of both real and virtual members would entail.

“The group is what I have dreamed of as it projects a future world centered on celebrities and avatars, transcending boundaries between the real and virtual world,” Lee explained. According to him, the future of entertainment lies in how easily fans can be a part of their favorite idols‘ worlds, “as fans or friends.”

“Imagine an avatar of your favorite celebrity being created, and being together with him/her, next to you.” He went on to say. “That avatar will be able to do things you cannot directly do with your favorite celebrity. For example, a celebrity cannot visit each fan’s home. A celebrity’s avatar may stand in for you at work, at home, or be your friend, right?”

Keeping in line with this thought, each of aespa’s members have a virtual counterpart. Fans, of course, can interact with these avatars to a much higher degree than they can with real idols.

This, of course, raised concerns in the K-pop fan community, where fans often have intense para-social relationships with their idols. As a general marketing concept, K-pop idols are positioned as the achievement of the boyfriend/girlfriend fantasy, meant only for the fans and fans themselves.

This is also why certain kinds of news, such as speculations about dating, are a big deal. When idols are presented to you and for you, fans often have a hard time coping when the reality shatters. Earlier this year, EXO member Chen surprised fans with the sudden announcement of his marriage and his fiancée’s pregnancy.

Despite an official statement from both SM Entertainment and Chen himself, fans immediately called for his removal from the group. In light of mounting backlash, Chen’s military enlistment — usually a public sendoff by friends, family, and fans — was kept private.

In light of the often possessive dynamic fans already have with their idols, many felt that the existence of aespa’s AI avatars might escalate matters. Furthermore, they speculated, the ability to customize these avatars might contribute to dehumanizing idols, and also promote unrealistic body standards.

“The idea of virtual idols just seems to reaffirm the Orientalist view of Asians, particularly Asian women, and K-pop stars as robotic – a stereotype that Western fans have been fighting against for a long time.” Tamar Herman from South China Morning Post reported.

Herman, however, also noted that this resistance to aespa’s concept is coming largely from fans in the West.

In Asia, where we’ve had virtual artists like Hatsune Miku and girl-group K/DA from League of Legends, the concept is nothing novel. Moreover, Herman wrote, Koreans “don’t think about technology as ‘social problems’ but as tools to fix social ills.”

While we’re yet to see music from aespa, who will debut later this month, we’re all waiting to see what the new chapter of entertainment brings.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.K-pop stars BTS picked up four prizes at the MTV Europe Music Awards on Sunday, including best song for "Dynamite" and best group, capping a year in which the Korean band underlined its status as a major global act.

The group's first English-language song, Dynamite logged nearly 34 million U.S. streams and 300,000 sales in its first week, making BTS the first Korean act to debut at No. 1 in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.

The seven-member band also snagged MTV awards for best virtual live act and the biggest fans, although the coronavirus pandemic meant there was no audience and no ceremony to mark their achievement.

Instead, the music channel created a virtual stadium full of waving and cheering fans for the event, with acts appearing in pre-recorded performances from wherever they were located and winners accepting awards to camera.

British band Little Mix hosted the show, without member Jesy Nelson who was reported to be ill. They appeared on a computer generated stage within the "stadium".

In a nod to the pandemic, U.S. rapper Jack Harlow sang "Whats Poppin" on a stage with four dancers wearing face masks.

Karol G won the new best Latin act category and best collaboration for "Tusa" featuring Nicki Minaj, Lady Gaga took the best artist award and DJ Khaled was awarded best video.

Little Mix, who performed "Sweet Melody" in a performance recorded in London, won the best pop act for 2020.

Cardi B was named best hip-hop act, Coldplay won the best rock category and Hayley Williams won the award for best alternative act.

Among the performers was Alicia Keys who sang "Love Looks Better" and Sam Smith, who performed "Diamonds" on the stage of an empty theatre.

U.S. singer and rapper Doja Cat, who took home this year's best new act award, opened the show with her hit "Say So".

French DJ and producer David Guetta, who won the award for best electronic act, performed "Let's Love" with British singer Raye at the Széchenyi Bath complex in the Hungarian capital Budapest, accompanied by a laser show.

For more arts and culture news and updates, follow Ahram Online Arts and Culture on Twitter at @AhramOnlineArts and on Facebook at Ahram Online: Arts & CultureIn anticipation of his first-ever solo album, EXO and SuperM member Kai just released a teaser for his new music video, "음 (Mmmh)". Fans around the world were shocked when they saw the beloved K-pop star tried out a new look for the occasion: long, neon-green hair.

During his nine years in the industry, Kai has experimented with color, dyeing his hair teal, crimson, pink, and platinum. But the 26-year-old has kept his style in pretty much the same undercut, only briefly verging away to test out the mullet trend. It was kind of a shock then to see Kai's fluorescent-chartreuse hair falling past his shoulders. The look, with matching glow-in-the-dark tattoos, is truly stunning and a wonderful representation of the fanciful, thrilling, beauty explorations of K-pop stars.

In the 36-second teaser, which has already been viewed over 1.3 million times on YouTube, Kai switches between the two sides of himself we've gotten to know over the years since his debut with EXO in 2011 and SuperM in 2019. First, we see the electric performer we're familiar with exhibited in all his shirtless, incandescent glory. Then he shifts into the fashion icon we often see sitting front row at Gucci runway shows posing in a sophisticated charcoal suit with his signature sleek, ashy-brown undercut.

Both hairstyles were the work of Park Naejoo, a renowned hairstylist based in Seoul, who works with NCT, Monsta X, and GOT7. (He even took the reins on JB's hair for our digital cover shoot.) We can't wait to see more of Park's creations for Kai in action when "음 (Mmmh)" officially drops on November 30.

Read more about the beauty of K-pop:
• None How JB Defined His Public and Private Selves
• None Jihyo of TWICE's K-Pop Career Has Been 15 Years in the Making
• None A.C.E. Shares Their Favorite Beauty Moments From Their New Music Video

Now, watch K-pop stars try things they've never done before:K-pop power is prevalent in China but the industry is at the mercy of China-South Korea relations. Here, a man walks past a poster showing K-pop group BTS members at a shopping district in Seoul on October 15, 2020, around the time Chinese netizens became enraged by singer RM’s comments about the Korean war. Photo: AFPMANILA -- Former Miss Philippines Earth Imelda Schweighart did not hold back in expressing her dislike for K-pop as she encouraged her fellow Filipinos to embrace their own culture through music.

Schweighart, who is now a singer under the stage name Imelda, made the statement in a series of Facebook posts on Monday.

She began with a short and straightforward statement: "I hate K-pop."

In another post, she wrote: "Filipinos are losing their identity trying to be like Koreans. Konting pride, please?"

"Di hamak na mas magaling namang mag-English mga Pinoy kesa Korean. Kala ko ba Chinese nananakop? I think we're getting it wrong. Lagi na lang tayong sinasakop," she ended.

In the comments section, a Facebook user told Schweighart that K-pop is a "worldwide phenomenon" and listening to the said genre "does not make us less of a Filipino."

The former beauty queen, in response, reiterated that Filipinos "should have our own identity as a culture and nation than losing ourselves into trends."

"Instead of seeing it in a way where they make hit charts therefore we should patronize, see it in a way where we deserve to make it as Filipinos and don't sleep on how talented we are," she explained.

"Haven't you seen the oppression and slavery on Korean artists? The processes and suffering for entertainment," she claimed. "I'm not sure if anyone can identify to them but if anyone could, it's imagining what you could look like after heavy plastic surgery. It's altering the children's minds to alter how they look... and it's carving the next generation's minds... Insecurity is what they sell. They are not promoting self-love."

"I want to see us carve our own lane, promote self-love, acceptance for shapes and sizes without too much compromise and sacrifice as entertainers. Diversity, for once!"

Schweighart earlier referred to herself as an "independent artist," and described her music as having a "tribal sound."

Her singles, such as "Power Trip," "Bubba Luva," and "Super Wave," are available on Spotify.

Schweighart made headlines in 2016 when she relinquished her crown as Miss Philippines Earth, following her controversial statements as the country's representative in the pageant.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.As K-pop continues to grow as a mainstream genre in the global music industry, SM Entertainment has recently announced its latest project: aespa. Unlike most existing acts, the new girl group is comprised of four virtual avatars, as well as four human members who were revealed last week.

For those unfamiliar with SM, the management company is one of the biggest in the K-pop industry, having developed some of the most iconic groups like Girls’ Generation and Super Junior, as well as NCT and SuperM. According to the agency’s founder Lee Sooman, aespa is “the first project of SM Culture Universe (SMCU) that will open the start of entertainment in the future.” Music fans can expect the group to showcase “completely new and innovative concepts that transcend reality and virtual world, a projection of the future world centered on celebrities and avatars.”

Due to the continued impact of the coronavirus pandemic, many industries are now searching for creative ways to pivot their businesses. In music, numerous award ceremonies and live performances took place remotely this year. More than that, virtual musicians — such as Riot Games‘ K/DA and digital influencer Seraphine — are beginning to gain traction. It is not surprising, then, that K-pop is warming to the idea of turning avatars into idols.

With aespa’s first-ever single “Black Mamba” slated to drop on November 17, we’ve gathered everything we know about members WINTER, KARINA, NINGNING, GISELLE and their virtual counterparts so far. Read on to learn more about K-pop’s newest girl group.

The first member revealed to be a part of SM’s latest project, WINTER is a 19-year-old musician described to have “excellent vocal and dance skills.” The South Korean musician, who wears a two-toned blonde and blue hairstyle, will perform as the main dancer, lead rapper and sub vocalist of the group.

KARINA was unveiled with her virtual counterpart aeKARINA in a YouTube video featuring both artists. In the clip, the real-life member and digital character both introduce themselves, sharing what they call each other and how they first met. According to aeKARINA, the two connected through an app called Synk with the help of a mysterious third figure, Navis. Prior to her debut, KARINA performed with SuperM and SHINee’s Taemin for his track “WANT.”

The group’s third member, NINGNING, is an 18-year-old hailing from China. Prior to joining aespa, the vocalist gained the attention of K-pop fans in 2016 with her appearance on a Chinese audition show and through “SM Rookies,” a pre-debut training project run by SM.

After training for roughly a year with SM, 20-year-old Japanese member GISELLE is joining aespa as the group’s main rapper. While not much has been revealed about the new artist, we can expect her to take part in helping the group grow globally with her trilingual skills.We've probably all been holding our breath about this for a while. And now that it's here, we can start getting used to the idea that this winter will be unlike any before it. With COVID's impact on the holidays, we're all expecting some big changes this time around. However, Mother Nature isn't really all… READ THE RESTA former beauty queen from the Philippines blasted K-pop stars for promoting “insecurity” and plastic surgery, attacked Filipino fans of the music for “losing their identity” — and was then ripped online for being a “xenophobic, elitist snob.”

Imelda Bautista Schweighart, the German-Filipino model who was crowned 2016 Miss Philippines Earth, posted the diatribe on her Facebook Monday, Malay Mail reported.

“I hate K-pop,” she declared. “Filipinos are losing their identity trying to be like Koreans. Can we have some pride, please?”

She continued, “I’m not sure if anyone can identify with (K-pop stars) but if anyone could, it’s imagining what you could look like after heavy plastic surgery. Insecurity is what they sell. They are not promoting self-love.”

Schweighart, 22, then praised “Western culture” in a reply to a comment.

“Western influence is top notch. And we are under them up to this day,” she wrote. “We need them as Filipinos and i salute to them for being exemplar in everything because ultimately, they are our superiors.

“There are indifferences but i’d rather see Filipinos find their identity instead of always being watered down.”

The singer also at one point defended Filipinos as “better at speaking English than Koreans.”

K-pop fans attacked Schweighart for being hypocritical and xenophobic.

“Dear Imelda Schweighart, Just b/c Pinoys love K-Pop, doesn’t mean they’re already losing their identity,” tweeted Francis Baraan IV, using the slang word for a person of Filipino descent. “Appreciating K-Pop doesn’t make Pinoys less Pinoy. On the other hand, you hating K-Pop doesn’t make you more Pinoy—that just makes you look like a XENOPHOBIC, ELITIST SNOB.”

Another person pointed to the cover art of Schweighart’s single “Fuccboi” depicting her as a Hindu goddess.

“so, imelda schweighart is out there ranting about korean pop culture in the philippines— but she’s right here, culture-appropriating hinduism [on her fuccboi ep’s cover art],” Yuan Gonzales wrote. “that was… a quick self-explanatory, huh.”

Another user took issue with Schweighart comparing Filipinos’ English-language skills to Koreans’.

“Miss Imelda, I don’t really care if you hate kpop but going as far as downgrading a race for their English skills doesn’t sit well with me. English skills don’t equate into intelligence,” wrote @cjherradura. “And I’d rather listen to bts songs about self love than your ‘fuccboi’ song.”

Schweighart has since deleted her Facebook.

She was forced to give up her beauty queen title after lashing out against Miss Earth 2016 winner Katherine Espin from Ecuador, accusing her of having a “fake nose, fake chin, and fake breasts,” according to Malay Mail.This massive K-pop group is about to get in on the Fall Guys action

Being a celebrity isn't all fun and games. Long hours, unwanted attention, and the fear of losing universal appeal take their toll. In other words, stress is a real problem in a celebrity's life, and sometimes you just need to blow off some steam. Playing games with friends, especially video games, can help alleviate stress, and if you're a celebrity whose stress-crushing activities are recorded for all the world to see, every game you play becomes noteworthy. Case in point, members of the K-pop group BTS will soon broadcast their time playing Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout.

BTS, short for Bangtan Sonyeondan (better known as Bangtan Boys), is a seven-man Korean boy band that has been around since 2013 and has acquired quite a bit of success outside of Korea. The band put out four number-one albums in the US in less than two years, a record that has yet to be matched by any band save the Beatles. BTS also has its own mobile game, BTS World, as well as a web series called Run BTS! Each episode features the members engaging in quirky little activities, and the latest episode pitted BTS against the Korean esport team T1 in several rounds of League of Legends and What the Box? It did not go well for BTS.

The webisode concluded with a quick "Next time on Run BTS!" segment that previewed the upcoming series of fights between T1 and BTS. The upcoming episode will feature the teams going head-to-head in two games: Gang Beasts and Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout.

Gang Beasts, for those of you who've never heard of the game, is a lesser-known slapstick multiplayer party title with intentionally floppy physics and characters. But, Fall Guys is arguably the bigger of the two games and far more noteworthy, especially because it won't just pit T1 against BTS. As a battle royale game, Fall Guys matches consist of up to 60 players from around the world, and each player can only invite up to three friends to participate in a Fall Guys match. T1 and BTS will have to pick their two best and brightest — and luckiest — to participate against 56 other players. Given the nature of Fall Guys games, there's a chance neither T1 nor BTS will walk away with the winner's crown.

Regardless of the potential outcome, Fall Guys fans and BTS fans alike are excited for the upcoming match, as are the developers at Mediatonic. The official Fall Guys Twitter page is spreading word of the event, and most of the channel's followers are excited.

The upcoming BTS vs. T1 vs. the world match is noteworthy because despite Fall Guys' explosive popularity in the West, the game is lagging behind other, more entrenched titles in Korea. Sites that tune into Korean entertainment and business have stated that games such as League of Legends, Overwatch, and PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds dominate the multiplayer landscape in Korea. While the League of Legends match in the latest episode of Run BTS! was likely selected to take advantage of the game's already overwhelming popularity in Korea (and probably T1's history with the game), the show's upcoming dive into Fall Guys speaks volumes for that game's growing fame. Or, perhaps Fall Guys was selected because BTS and Fall Guys are big in the US, and the competition organizer wanted to capitalize on their Western fanbases. Regardless of the impetus, Fall Guys – as well as Gang Beasts – might experience a sudden rise in Korean players due to the upcoming webisode of Run BTS!

While seemingly unprecedented, this Fall Guys competition isn't the first time BTS has crossed paths with a popular Western video game. In September, Epic Games announced that Fortnite would host the world premiere of BTS' single "Dynamite" (which is in English, so non-Korean speakers in the US can watch it without a language barrier). And, any BTS fans in the Fortnite audience can purchase one of two emotes choreographed by the BTS gang. With any luck, Mediatonic will also produce official BTS-themed Fall Guys skins. The studio did the same for Godzilla, so a BTS costume doesn't seem out of the question.

Since the last episode of Run BTS! aired on November 3, audiences eager to see part two will have to wait until November 10, but they will have plenty of ways to watch the Fall Guys and Gang Beasts action unfurl. The show will be available through Weverse, as well as unofficial YouTube channels such as BTS EngSub.K-pop fans can soon gather at Universe, dubbed as "the largest entertainment playground" to connect with their idols.

The up-and-coming global fan community platform, Universe, will allow fans to interact with other users as well as their favourite artists through offline and online fandom activities from their mobile devices.

Developed by South Korean video gaming company, NCSOFT, the platform will deliver quality entertainment content combined with state-of-the-art technologies, such as AI (Artificial Intelligence). The service will be made available in 134 countries, and three languages.

On top of that, Universe promises original, never-before-seen daily content of their featured artists such as music videos, photos, along with TV and radio shows.

Other key functions of the application include producing your own virtual music videos and styling personalised characters. The application will also boast exclusive AI voices of the idols, created through the collaboration between NCSOFT’s speech synthesis technology and the artists themselves.

As the platform has not officially launched, they are gradually announcing the artists one by one, daily. As of press time, the artists confirmed to join the platform are ATEEZ, Kang Daniel, (G)I-DLE, MONSTA X, IZ*ONE, and The Boyz.

UPDATE (19/11): ASTRO and AB6IX are also confirmed to join Universe.

According to a statement from NCSOFT, the company will produce and release original content through its entertainment subsidiary, Klap, which was established in July.

Universe is expected to make its official global launch in early 2021. In the meantime, pre-registration is ongoing and early birds will be granted raffle tickets to offline events (fan meetings, concert, etc.) as a reward.

Last year, Big Hit Entertainment announced the opening of Weverse, their official global fan community platform which hosts the likes of BTS, GFRIEND, CL, and TXT, amongst other big names in K-pop.Following its initial announcement, K-pop giant SM Entertainment has finally debuted its newest girl group, aespa, with their first-ever single “Black Mamba.” The team has been receiving global attention for its unconventional format of featuring four digital avatars and four human members.

For those who have yet to check out the fledgling music act, aespa is comprised of KARINA, NINGNING, WINTER and GISELLE, and their virtual counterparts. Each member connects with her alter ego through a mysterious mobile app called Synk. In the music video for their debut track “Black Mamba,” the musicians are captured dancing with digital graphics of a giant snake atop a vibrant, neon-lit background. The song, boasting powerful beats, highlights each member’s forte such as NINGNING’s vocals and GISELLE’s rap verse. The end of the roughly four-minute-long clip seems to tease the next step for aespa, as a distorted human figure emerges with glitching digital pixels.

See aespa’s inaugural release above. You can head over to streaming platforms like Spotify to add the tune to your playlist.

In case you missed it, read everything we know about each member of aespa.Hats off to the incredible power of BTS and TWICE!

The Korean Research Business Institute has published this month’s brand reputation rankings for idol groups. Specifically, the organization named the well-loved K-Pop acts such as BTS and TWICE as the top stars in November.

The rankings were based on consumer participation, media, communication, and community indices. In particular, the institute extracted the huge 146,110,257 data among 100 idol groups from October 20 to November 20.

Showing immense and unrivaled popularity, worldwide K-Pop boy group BTS has secured the top spot once again in November. The septet impressively scored a brand reputation index of 16,858,121.

Some of the high-ranking phrases in the group’s keyword analysis are their newest album “BE”, “military service”, and “YouTube”. The words such as “comeback”, “comfort”, and “surpass” are likewise included as their highest-ranking related terms.

With an impressive 161.24 percent rise in their score since October, the “Asia’s top girl group” TWICE bagged the second place this November. The nonet achieved the high ranking after scoring 6,969,127.

Completing our top-five list this month are NCT, BLACKPINK, and IZ*ONE. NCT grabbed the third spot with a brand reputation index of 6,165,057. BLACKPINK and IZ*ONE followed at fourth and fifth places with 5,484,282 and 5,299,538, respectively.

Check out the other idol groups who entered the Top 30 this November:
• TWICE Rises As Top K-pop Girl Group In November Brand RankingsK-Pop sensations BTS, the South Korean all boy septet have found remarkable success over the past couple of years, especially in the United States and Europe, although their most rabid fanbase is apparently located in the Philippines. With a musical style inspired by hip hop, R&B, Pop, and EDM their catchy and tuneful songs are a natural fit for Beat Saber and so it’s great to see this TinyTAN DLC pack released today and available from 12 November at 6:00 am PT.

The pack comprises 12 of their most famous tracks, including the smash hit Dynamite, as well as Boy With Luv, and DNA, both of which smash 1 billion views on Youtube.

The full lineup is as follows;

The DLC also features the inclusion of the TinyTAN, the cute BTS animated characters inspired by the band members, who appear throughout the songs, and which according to Oculus ‘bring comfort and inspire appreciation of the little things in life.‘.

I was fortunate enough to get early access to the DLC on the Oculus Quest 2, to provide my impressions for VRFitness Insider.

It’s been a few months since I played Beat Saber, my exercise sessions in VR now mostly centered around using my Quest to connect to my stationary bike and Concept 2 rower. I have to say loading this up I immediately regretted that fact, as I was instantly reminded just how fun and immediately gratifying Beat Saber is.

Before I discuss the DLC, I must also mention how well the game runs and looks on the Quest 2. It’s smooth and sharp, and the tracking is highly responsive. I also feel the haptics are stronger than the Quest 1 controllers. One other point, even though I’ve had the headset since the October 13 launch date, I’m still using the included controller batteries. The life in these things is impressive! The audio is definitely a slight upgrade over the Quest 1, but not good enough to play Beat Saber without earphones. So I plugged some in for a more immersive experience, cramming them deep into my ears to get the best amount of bass.

I wasn’t overly familiar with BTS prior to playing the DLC, knowing only a couple of songs, but the music is instantly appealing, especially when you’re slicing blocks to the beat of the music.

I’m a fairly mediocre Beat Saber player, despite the large number of hours I’ve put into it, so I played through the songs on the hard level. One of the obvious reasons for Beat Sabers near-universal appeal is how easily it can be scaled to the user’s ability, whilst still making the player feel like a badass, rather than the writhing mass of uncoordinated flailing limbs that many of us actually are. We can’t all be Expert + superstars, able to ace every song without missing a block but Beat Saber scales perfectly so even if you can barely tell your left arm from your right, you’ll still be able to pick up and play Beat Saber immediately. Even my mum, now in her late sixties and never having played a video game in her life loved Beat Saber when she tried it.

I’ve recorded some footage of me playing below.

These were my first run-throughs, and whilst I missed several blocks I was able to complete all the levels successfully. I’d say the difficulty level on hard is about the same as hard on the Imagine Dragons DLC. I’ll happily spend a few weeks mastering it this level and getting perfect rounds before I try and step up to the ‘proper’ levels that I know most of you all play at.

The levels are quite literally pink and fluffy, you’re perched upon a platform above the clouds, and I personally liked the inclusion of the TinyTAN, these cute little figures pop up at various times and provide a bit of extra visual interest.

Although this isn’t the kind of music I’d ordinarily listen to, I think it’s a perfect choice for playing Beat Saber. The songs are uplifting and easily inspire positive emotions. It had me grinning at times at just how great it feels to play, and this BTS pack is definitely my favorite Beat Saber DLC since the excellent Imagine Dragons pack.

Some of the songs are quite a workout too, with lots of sidestepping and raising your arms high to slice multiple stacks of blocks. I was sweating quite profusely by the end of my hour or so of playing.

If you’re a fan of BTS, or just like cheerful, happy pop and dance music then this is an easy recommendation. The 12 tracks total around 46 minutes, and perfecting the songs on your chosen skill level will take many play-throughs so there’s a few hours of entertainment here for sure. For fifteen dollars or ten quid, this is a decent buy if you’re a fan of the musical genre.

BTS DLC for Beat Saber is out for the Oculus Quest and Oculus Rift prices at $14.99, £10.99 GBP, ¥1490, €14.99 for the pack / $1.99, $1.49 GBP, ¥190, €1.99 per track

You can also purchase the pack on Steam, and it’s available for PSVR too.As every album release delivers consistent sales growth and number-one singles, WJSN has proven themselves to be a solid K-pop force. The 13-member girl group, who are also known as Cosmic Girls, are nearing their five-year anniversary and have earned the right to spice things up which comes in the form of their first splinter unit WJSN Chocome.

With a name roughly translating to “Little WJSN,” the four members of Luda, Soobin, Yeoreum and Dayoung are getting the chance to not only showcase new sides of themselves as singers but to the larger WJSN brand at large. While most Cosmic Girl releases embrace synth-pop sounds for majestic and fantastical concepts (see “Butterfly” from their summer album Neverland), the offshoot go in a completely different direction with a quirky and slightly bizarre single to reintroduce themselves. The saxobeat-tinged disco-pop “Hmph!” is a bubbly blast of youthful aegyo cuteness with its accompanying music video producing visuals that are both insane and insanely fun.

While some could dismiss the venture as a quick and simple side project, there’s reason to believe “Hmph!” and WJSN Chocome could make a major K-pop impact due to circumstances the world sees itself in during 2020.

First off, the sound and concept behind “Hmph!” represents something unique to the Korean industry by blending a vintage disco sound with nearly-too-cute-to-handle vocals to deliver an undeniable K-pop hit. Past girl groups like T-ara, Orange Caramel, Rainbow Pixie, Crayon Pop, Cocosori, Oh My Girl Banhana, OguOgu and others have all embraced a similar aesthetic with four of the aforementioned seven groups acting as offshoot units of their main groups. WJSN Chocome is the latest to join in this history but this quartet has something additionally special going for them.

While “Hmph!” is as catchy as it gets, and Luda, Soobin, Yeoreum and Dayoung all shine embracing this concept, we are currently living in a very digital time period due to coronavirus concerns keeping many home and glued to their screens. Something fun and funky like “Hmph!” is perfect for a TikTok challenge–obsessed time. Not only does the song begin with its instantly addictive chorus, but it boasts an easy-to-follow choreography that can have anyone also flailing arms and doing the devil-horn dance moves. Add in the animated and colorful costumes the foursome has been wearing throughout their promotions of the song and you have prime opportunities to catch and stop those stuck in scrolling modes on their screens.

In fact, the song is already catching on in different ways as the K-pop scene adjusts to a more digital environment.

In lieu of in-person concerts and meet-and-greets, artists are communicating with their fans via online concerts and video-call events. In these video calls, fans get one-on-one FaceTime with their favorite artists with a new trend recently popping up of requesting a snippet performing “Hmph!” Members from popular groups like Seventeen, Oh My Girl, Stray Kids, Weeekly, Pentagon, CIX, Cravity and more are helping the song reach more people and create a new kind of viral boosted by fan interest above all else. While it’s always fun to see celebrities jump on a trendy dance, when the world is a more serious place, seeing someone you love embrace the cutesy, quirky styles of WJSN Chocome is made that much more appealing.

All the above opportunities were not available to the earlier groups who had just as catchy songs and choreographies but did not find themselves in the digital-first situation “Hmph!” finds itself in today. While songs can go viral for all kinds of reasons—who would have expected the chart resurgence for Fleetwood Mac’s “Dreams” thanks to TikTok of all places?—WJSN Chocome can find its way into many different hearts thanks to its core catchiness, fun and funk as well as the unique situation we find ourselves in 2020.Canadian streamer Disguised Toast is arguably one of the best Among Us players across Twitch and YouTube. Be it any part of the game, Toast seems to have mastered it better than most players in the community. As a result, it is common for fans to marvel at his unrealistic gameplays.

Anyone who watches Toast play for the first time is amazed at his skill and the same was true of famous K-POP idols: Jae Park, Mark Tuan and Sam Kim. In the star-studded lobby, Toast used his ever-growing IQ and won the games in iconic fashion.

Toast proves why he is an invincible imposter in Among Us

Toast has repeatedly been fantastic as an imposter. He not only employs brilliant strategies but also defends himself with the most logical statements that compel everyone to believe him.

While playing with the famous K-POP stars, Toast made some very witty moves that no one could anticipate. In a specific incident, he killed Skykuno in front of Mark Tuan while they both were doing the card swipe task. As soon as Mark completed the task, he realized that someone had killed Skykuno in the meantime.

ALSO READ– Disguised Toast takes a hilarious dig at Among Us streamers

This was Toast’s only risky move in the match as he won the game comfortably thereafter.

It is hard to even imagine seven streamers and three K-POP stars playing a game together. However, such collaborations are common now, thanks to Among Us. The indie game also takes credit for facilitating one of the biggest collaborations in YouTube’s history.

Despite touching its peak in September, the game has been witnessing a steady downfall in its viewership since then. One of the biggest reasons for this downfall could have been the persistent hacker issue in the game.

ALSO READ– The Top 10 Among Us Streamers Right Now

However, the developers are aware of the changes they need to make. With an upcoming update in December, they are introducing a new map and accounts in Among Us. The future of the game still looks bright, and fans look forward to witnessing more such unusual collaborations between their favorite content creators and streamers.Thai Blackpink member Lisa Manoban has banked millions through brand endorsement deals with Celine, Bulgari and MAC, and spends her riches on a US$83,000 luxury handbag collection, charitable causes – and treating her bandmates to dinner deliveriesK-pop star Wengie recently joined forces with Indian artists Shalmali and Ikka for her latest single “Thing You Want.” Described as ‘K-pop meets Bollywood,’ the collaborative single is a bilingual release, with lyrics in both Hindi and English. The track is a single off the Chinese-Australian pop star’s latest EP, Collabs Vol. 1 (Int’l Ver.), which sees her work with eight different artists from seven countries in the Asia Pacific region, with five songs recorded in six languages.

“I grew up listening to all kinds of music in different languages which is why I love the fusion of sounds from various countries from around the world,” Wengie explained about the EP in a statement. “I love exploring different cultures and encourage diversity so it was wonderful to work with talented artists from around the world and sharing that with my fans, you can say I like making content that’s universal!” The record sees the singer-songwriter and YouTube star perform in English, Tagalog, Korean, Japanese, Mandarin and Hindi, and features prominent artists from around the world including Filipino pop star Inigo Pascual and Minnie, main vocalist of the rising Korean group (G)I-DLE.

For her India collaboration, Wengie brought onboard Bollywood playback star Shalmali and rapper Ikka, both prominent names in the country’s music scene who were interesting in exploring the K-pop industry. “I was very excited when I first heard the idea of featuring with Wengie on ‘Thing You Want,’” said Ikka. “I like to collaborate with artists from every part of the globe and working with a well-known K-pop artist like Wengie was a different and amazing experience altogether — I said yes to the collaboration instantly.” Shalmali similarly expressed her fascination with the genre, stating, “K-pop has been an integral of pop-culture for a while now, and it was one of things I really hoped to do someday– work with a K-pop artist,” she explained. “When the Wengie collaboration came up, I was thrilled because it’s a form of music that I’ve been interested in exploring and with the Indian rhythmic elements in the mix. It was a delight chatting with, discussing and then singing ‘Thing You Want’ with Wengie. She is a sweetheart.”

The fusion-based track blends elements from K-pop, Punjabi bhangra, EDM and trap and was produced by Michel “Lindgren” Schulz aka Lindgren. Lindgren also shares co-writing credits with Wengie, Shalmali, Ikka, Melanie Fontana and GG Ramirez. As filming a music video for the track with all three artists would be impossible due to the restrictions cause by COVID-19, the song is accompanied by a colorful, animated video. The clip features animated versions of Wengie, Shalmali and Ikka going on various adventures together as they travel through a mystical fantasy landscape.International travel might be a little difficult right now, but wouldn’t it be fun to take a trip to Korea if you could? Well, in the mean time before travel opens up again, it never hurts to dream about going on vacation. There’s tons of fun things to see and do, so start planning your dream trip right away and we’ll tell you which K-pop group leader should show you around. Sounds like a pretty sweet deal!

What were your results? Are there any other places in Korea you want to visit? Leave a comment below!The famous South Korean all-girl pop group Blackpink has aroused controversy on Chinese social media after its members “illegally” touched a baby panda and its mother in a reality TV show.

Recently, viewers of a popular reality TV show saw four members of Blackpink touch and embrace Fubao, a 3-mouth-old baby panda, with makeup on their faces. Some of the group’s members also touched the panda’s mother without wearing masks and gloves.

The baby panda was born in Korea but all pandas around the world officially belong to China and are only temporarily on loan when they are in other countries. China loans the animals out with a number of strict rules and regulations to protect their welfare, such as banning non-professionals from touching them or coming into close contact with them. The regulations are put in place in order to reduce the possibility of spreading infections or causing any other types of harm.

To make matters worse several of Blackpink’s members have pet cats and dogs at home which, in theory, could increase the risk of infections.

What are people saying online?

Chinese people on social media expressed their anger and irritation at the girl group for contravening regulations and the animal keepers for neglecting their duties in preventing this happening in the first place.

“The artists don’t know the relative regulations; how could animal keepers not know either?” One popular comment read. “The artists were wrong, but they are not the most at blame here. The responsible persons should be the breeders and all relevant zoo staff. They knowingly made the mistake and deserve to be punished,” another comment read.

Related: K-Pop Shows May Return to China in Sign of Easing Korea TensionsAmerican singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams has joined Weverse, the fan community and online store for a spate of K-pop musicians like BTS, CL and Seventeen, Big Hit Entertainment said Wednesday. 



It marks the first case for a musician from outside of South Korea to join the mobile platform, according to Big Hit. 



The company said that more musicians from abroad will be joining the platform, such as US singer-songwriter Alexander 23 and British musician Yungblud. 



The membership-based app is a platform for music fans from around 200 countries. Thirteen artists are currently registered on the platform. (Yonhap)China has hit back at BTS again. Reports claim that China has taken credits for BTS being nominated in the main category of prestigious Grammy Awards. In the guise of taking credit it has also warned BTS of consequences, if the Kpop boy group tries to undermine China.

The news was published in China Global Times. The statement was made after 'BTS wins Grammy nomination' started trending on China's popular social media platform Weibo. Chinese fans were also seen congratulating BTS on the nomination.

Here is when the Global Times took action and issued warning to BTS in the form of an article. It started with taking credit for the nomination by saying it would not have been possible without Chinese ARMY [BTS fans are called ARMY]. "The only reason that BTS was successful in getting nominated for the GRAMMY awards was because of Chinese ARMY. It was with the money of Chinese ARMY that BTS was able to place first on the Billboard Hot 100 as well," the news said.

Further reading shows a change in the tone of the writing where an indirect warning is issued to the BTS. "If they say anything that undermines China's dignity again, the group will face greater consequences. We hope they think before they speak the next time they have something to say," it read.

Despite Chinese government officials statement that there is no animosity between South Korea and China and also clarifying that BTS is not banned in the country, Chinese social media has been targeting the top Kpop boy group.

BTS is being targeted by the Chinese netizens after the Van Fleet award was issued to the Kpop group by the non-profit organization of the US. While accepting the award, BTS members spoke about Korean War and appreciated the US for its role in trying to restore peace. The BTS members spoke about the sacrifice of soldiers during the war. It did not mention China while speaking about the war. China had sided with North Korea during the war.

This made Chinese netizens angry and they claimed that BTS had insulted the Chinese soldiers who had sacrificed their lives during the war. Since then the cold war between BTS and Chinese netizens is on. However, BTS has not responded to these hate messages.

The waning to BTS is the latest development with regard to the issue. Neither BTS nor its agency Big Hit Entertainment has reacted to the news so far. BTS has been nominated in the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance category in Grammy Awards 2021.This year, Thanksgiving hits a bit differently. While the holiday is all about giving thanks and showing gratitude for what we have, there is one more thing we may have taken for granted since it happens automatically: breathing. COVID-19 has affected 2020 in ways we could never have seen coming, but it has also taught us to appreciate the littlest of things that we might take for granted at times.

The following quiz puts these little details back in perspective. Answer the questions to find out which K-pop song represents the thing you’re grateful for the most this Thanksgiving!



 So, which K-pop song represents your Thanksgiving? Let us know in the comments below.The awards season has been joined by one of the most anticipated events in K-pop, the Melon Music Awards.

HERE'S HOW TO WATCH THE 2020 MELON MUSIC AWARDS

On 11 November, the major awards show organised by Kakao M lifted the veil on the 40 nominees in the list for this year’s Top 10. The Top 10 Artists Award is one of the highlights among many other categories, such as Song of the Year, Artist of the Year, Album of the Year, and other genre, popularity, and special prizes.

Running for the Top 10 are Apink, EXO’s Baekhyun, Baek Ji Young, Baek Yerin, BLACKPINK, BOL4, BTS, Crush, Davichi, Deepflow, Gaho, (G)I-DLE, MAMAMOO’s Hwasa, ITZY, IU, IZ*ONE, Jeon Mi Do, Jessi, Jo Jung Suk, Red Velvet’s Joy, Kim Ho Joong, Lee Hi, Lim Young Woong, M.C the MAX, NCT 127, Oh My Girl, OVAN, Paloalto, Red Velvet, B1A4’s Sandeul, SEVENTEEN, Simon Dominic, SSAK3, EXO’s Suho, Girls’ Generation’s Taeyeon, The Quiett, TWICE, Young Tak, YUMDDA, and Block B’s Zico.

According to Soompi, the winners of the Top 10 will be streamlined via Melon downloads, streaming counts, and user votes. The timeframe for music released has to be between 30 November, 2019 and 10 November, 2020.

Voting for Melon users has commenced today (11/11) and will end on 20 November. Verified accounts can vote up to thrice a day, while unverified accounts are allowed to vote once a day.

Fans can vote for their favourite artists here, or download the Melon app and click on ‘MMA’ to be directed to the voting page.

Due to the coronavirus, MMA 2020 will be taking place online this year, starting 2 December, 5PM (TH/ID Standard Time) or 6PM (PH/SG/MY Standard Time), to 5 December. It will be the first time the awards show is holding an online music festival week, and promises to create a new “performance culture”.

BTS are the first performers to be announced for this year's awards ceremony. Lim Young Woong and Young Tak are also confirmed to attend, in addition to DAY6 sub-unit Even of Day and Jang Beom June, Park Moon Chi, LEENALCHI, Jae-Jae, and Gaho.

UPDATE (25/11): MONSTA X, Oh My Girl, and TOMORROW X TOGETHER (TXT) are confirmed to join the Melon Music Awards lineup.

UPDATE (26/11): IZ*ONE and The Boyz will be attending the main ceremony, and Jannabi’s Choi Jung Hoon, Simon Dominic, and CODE KUNST, who came together for single album RECONNECT recently, are also slated to perform.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The past few months have required plenty of late nights for Joe, who, by steering the strategy for YG and its roster in the United States and other English-speaking countries, helped propel girl group sensation Blackpink to a historic October: The group’s debut LP, The Album, hit No. 2 on the Billboard 200 — the highest-charting album ever from a K-pop girl group (and of any girl group since Danity Kane in 2008). The band was also the subject of an acclaimed Netflix documentary, Blackpink: Light Up the Sky, an intimate portrait of singers Jennie, Jisoo, Lisa and Rosé and their years as YG trainees prepping for pop stardom.

Building the relationships with media firms, streaming services and other companies that make such feats possible — and in a way that fits Blackpink — is at the heart of what Joe does. “If you want to have a broader audience, you have to sing in English,” says Joe — which Blackpink embraced more than ever on tracks like “Ice Cream,” a cheeky team-up with Selena Gomez. “But we’re always mindful of maintaining their identity as a Korean group. We don’t want to lose that.” Joe’s first musical love while growing up in Seoul wasn’t glossy pop but grunge and nu-metal — Nirvana and Rage Against the Machine were early favorites. “At one point I wanted to be a rock star,” he says, “but I realized there were so many people more talented than I was. So I was like, ‘Well, I love every aspect of music — production, promotion, the live show, merchandise.’ ” After an early job advising Korean investors on entertainment-business opportunities, he got his MBA from the London Business School and made his way to Los Angeles, where he developed U.S. strategy for another Korean media company, CJ E&M. He joined YG in 2014 and started building its U.S. presence from scratch: finding office space, meeting radio DJs, networking with promoters and agencies, talking to labels. “Five years ago, our acts like Big Bang and 2NE1 were doing fine, but not at the scale of Blackpink,” says Joe, who also works with YG's new boy band, Treasure. “I still had to explain what our music is and what we want to do.”

Today, thanks in part to Blackpink's partnership with Interscope Records (announced in 2018), he doesn't really have that problem anymore. “JJ understands both American and Korean culture perfectly,” says Spotify global co-head of music Jeremy Erlich, a former Interscope executive who went to business school with Joe and facilitated early conversations between the label and YG. “He’s a great bridge between the two worlds, and it’s his insight and demeanor that allow him to make sure YG maximizes their success both at home and abroad.” Blackpink’s collaborations with A-listers like Lady Gaga and Cardi B have also raised the group’s profile this year. But all those big breaks didn’t just fall into Joe’s lap — they’re the result of all the time he spent laying a solid groundwork. “We’re talking about this stuff every day — it’s not like, ‘OK, let’s find somebody to pitch,’ ” he says. “We’ve been working in the States now for a long time. I got to know more people working with those big [American] artists. It’s not really hard to talk to them. And they know how to talk to us — they know we’re here.” This article originally appeared in the Nov. 7, 2020, issue of Billboard.K-pop & R&B soloist Jamie has announced her new single, teasing a futuristic concept for her second release at Warner Music Korea.

It hasn’t been long since we saw Jamie express her colors and enjoy her elements on screen, and we won’t have to wait long to meet her again. After teasing new music on her social media earlier this week, Jamie has announced her new single ‘Apollo 11’, out on November 11th.

‘Apollo 11’ will be Jamie’s second K-pop release since signing with Warner Music Korea earlier this year. The first was September’s ‘Numbers’ with Changmo, shortly after changing her stage name from Park Jimin to Jamie. The revamp came after almost a year of leaving K-pop behemoth JYP Entertainment.

“I wouldn’t say that Jimin was a fake version of me, though,” she said, speaking to Forbes earlier this year about why this ‘upgrade’ was needed.

“Of course, that is another me. But it was something that didn’t show off who I am, it was something that maybe people wanted to see. I never really felt 100 percent me while singing in those Jimin years.” she said.

“But I don’t regret it, because I think that it was the only time that I can sing those songs, when I was in my early ‘10s and teens. Now I’m in my twenties, I just want to show who I really am and what I want to talk about. My life, my songs. It’s just really fun. I’ve been telling everyone that it’s like the duality of me.” she added.

While we’re yet to see any video teasers, Park teased the release through aptly themed pictures. The first featured an astronaut, while the second painted a more futuristic vibe with Park as the focus.

‘Apollo 11’ is out on Wednesday, November 11th.Blackpink member Jennie is the most popular female K-pop star, beating bandmates Lisa and Jisoo, and Hwasa from Mamamoo. Photo: YG EntertainmentAfter making its long-awaited debut in August, Treasure has dropped three albums in less than 100 days as if to prove its presence as a rising rookie of the year.



YG Entertainment‘s 12-piece boy band released its third EP “The First Step”: CHAPTER THREE” on Friday evening, shortly after rolling out its second installment of the “The First Step” series in September. The new album is fronted by the lead single “MMM,” a groovy and aggressive hybrid hip-hop track that shows off a more powerful side of the young group. 



“We’d really like to thank our staff who enabled us to have such a fast comeback. I feel like the bond between the bandmates has only gotten stronger throughout our three album releases. I’m really glad about that,” said Hyunsuk in a recent written interview with The Korea Herald. Other bandmates also expressed satisfaction for their prolific musical output. “We also feel grateful for being able to take on new challenges for each album. It’s really great to try various attempts in a such short period of time,” Yedam added. 





Steering away from the previous modern K-pop style heard on “Boy,” Treasure landed on YG’s staple hip-hop this time, poised to showcase the youth’s charismatic side. 



“It is our first time working in the hip-hop genre, and we worked on it with so much pleasure because we personally liked it as well. There are so many colors and genres we’d like to show in the future, and ‘MMM’ is one of them,” said Doyoung..



Hyunsuk, who took part in penning the song’s rap verses along with Yoshi and Haruto, explained, “The new song is basically different from our previous works in terms of BPM, so we tried to emphasize such sonic transition. We also tried to showcase our swag and groove in the most powerful and natural way,” adding that the bandmates have also paid a lot of attention to their fashion details. 



Taking a more progressive role in songwriting, Asahi and Haruto also talked about their creative process. Asahi is credited as both a composer and writer in “Orange,” another track from the album, while Haruto partially penned the rap verse on the ballad track. 



“I wrote this song earlier this year at our dormitory. I made the beats and showed it to Haruto, who then wrote the rap verse. So we started recording. Compared to our past works, I see that we are showing improvements, such as choosing better instruments for the song,” said Asahi. 



Created through the YG audition TV show “YG Treasure Box,” which aired between November 2018 and January last year, Treasure dropped its first EP -- “The First Step: Chapter One,” fronted by lead track “Boy” -- on Aug. 7. Comprised of Hyunsuk, Jihoon, Yoshi, Junkyu, Mashiho, Jaehyuk, Asahi, Yedam, Doyoung, Haruto, Jeongwoo and Junghwan, the band’s big debut grabbed global headlines, and “Boy” topped iTunes Top Song charts in 19 countries around the world.



Continuing its winning streak, Treasure earned the title of “Half a Million Seller” with the accumulated sales figure from its two previous EPs. Recently, the group held its first online concert on Oct. 18, as a part of SBS’ “2020 SUPER ON:TACT” concert. 



“If we ever do our own solo concert, maybe all of us will break into tears from the very beginning of the show. I’m really looking forward to that day. It will be so overwhelming,” said Jihoon. 



Treasure is set to drop its first full-length album sometime in December. 



By Hong Dam-young (lotus@heraldcorp.com)Subscribe to our Telegram channel for the latest stories and updates.

Korean pop idol group GOT7 is now a pretty well-known group in its own right, but did you know they’ve been to Malaysia- and filmed one of their music videos- here before?

If you find the backdrop of the music video suspiciously familiar, you’re not wrong.

Apparently, back when they were just starting out as a newbie group, one of their earliest music videos were filmed in Shah Alam and Damansara in 2014!

One of the most familiar backdrops in the music video is actually the Holy Smoke Cafe in Seksyen 13 Shah Alam.

They filmed much of the interior as well, as the cafe is decked out in a classic retro aesthetic, with minor edits that were made in the music video.

Another scene was filmed in Tesco, Mutiara Damansara. If you’ve got keen eyes, you can spot the words “Makanan Laut” in the background.

In fact, there are plenty of places where Malay words and signage pop up unexpectedly!

If you’re wondering how they managed the extreme Malaysian weather in their multiple layers of clothes, it turns out that it merely took a lot of effort and retakes… because the idols kept sweating too much.

In one of the behind-the-scenes videos, the idols can be seem running for shade in between takes and talking about how hot it is.

Fans have been resharing this little fun fact in anticipation of GOT7’s comeback album that is expected to drop at the end of the month.

So it turns out that with enough determination and skill, even the random streets of Malaysia can be a beautiful backdrop! Who knew?

Share your thoughts with us on TRP’s Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.The last episode of a reality TV show featuring a K-pop group was not aired as scheduled on Saturday after the singers courted backlash for touching pandas during filming without taking the necessary precautions to protect the vulnerable species.

The show, "24/365 with Blackpink," takes audiences to the behind-the-scenes of the life of the South Korean all-girl group, but the finale did not air after the trailer showed the group members mishandling two pandas, angering Chinese netizens.

The trailer, released on November 4, shows two singers touching the face of an adult panda at the Everland Zoo without wearing gloves, while another held a cub in her arms while wearing makeup in breach of established guidelines to handle the black-and-white bears.

Chinese social media users criticized the singers for endangering the safety of the pandas and the topic soon began to trend online.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.South Korean pop singers Kang Daniel and Park Jihyo of the girl group Twice have broken up after over a year of publicly dating.

JYP Entertainment, Park’s agency, confirmed the breakup after Korean tabloid Dispatch reported the split early Tuesday, according to a report from K-pop news site Soompi.

“It is true that they broke up recently,” a source from JYP said, as quoted in the Soompi report. The reason for the separation was not disclosed.

Following the news, Filipinos took to social media to talk about the split, with both Park and Kang making it to the trends list on Twitter Philippines.

The K-pop stars, both 23, went public with their relationship last August 2019.

Dating ban clauses were once common in the contracts of young K-pop stars as managers believed publicly-disclosed romances undermine the idols’ allure and career, industry experts said in a 2018 New York Times article.

Last Oct. 26, Twice, one of the most popular K-pop girl groups, released the album “Eyes Wide Open,” fronted by the retro-inspired “I Can’t Stop Me.”Global K-pop fans, gather in one place! NCSOFT announces the start of its different global platform UNIVERSE!

NCSOFT is launching a new global platform called UNIVERSE. The mobile playground will allow fans all over the world to come together and connect in a new way with their artists.

UNIVERSE is the largest global fandom platform that allows users to enjoy various online and offline fandom activities through mobile devices. It combines the latest IT technologies, such as AI (Artificial Intelligence) and entertainment contents. Also, for the convenience of fans, it is serviced in three languages in 134 countries.

UNIVERSE is already raising global fans’ expectations by announcing the birth of a new concept platform that was not seen on existing K-pop ones.

NCSOFT will produce various UNIVERSE original contents through its subsidiary KLAP, which was established in July. In addition, with the AI technology and the new concept service that will be introduced, the platform is expected to become a global sacred place for K-pop fans.

UNIVERSE will hold advance reservations from November 12. Also, starting on that day, the K-pop artists who will be joining the new service will be unveiled one by one.

UNIVERSE is expected to hit global markets early next year. Meanwhile, more details will continue to be released sequentially on the official site.

Official UNIVERSE site (pre-registrations are now open):

Welcome the first artist on UNIVERSE, IZ*ONE

NCSOFT revealed the first artists that will be joining their soon-to-be-launched platform. Get ready to greet global girl group IZ*ONE, who is already raising the interest of fans. They plan to share various content through UNIVERSE and communicate with fans in real-time.

In addition, UNIVERE unveiled its unique “Collection” function. It will open various possibilities such as album purchase, streaming, fan meetings and concerts. It is a service that provides different rewards and records all fandom activities.

Are you excited for the new entertainment platform? Here is the first artist IZ*ONE, opening their planet on UNIVERSE.

Head out to the official YouTube account for clues on who are the next K-pop artists that will be revealed! Stay tuned for the next unveils!Subscribe to update with our latest news.

Your email is safe with us. We won't spam.MANILA, Philippines — Former beauty queen turned singer Imelda Schweighart remained unfazed after receiving flak for slamming Filipinos’ love for Kpop, and even threatened to sue those who are bashing her.

In her Instagram story on Tuesday, the Miss Philippines Earth 2016 first said that Facebook disabled her account, and is offering P25,000 to whoever can recover it.

“I can’t recover my FB, nireport ata ng marami. Sayang naman (What a waste),” Schweighart then said.

Schweighart, in another Instagram Story entry, then threatened that she will take her bashers on social media to jail.

“I have been listing names after consulting to my lawyer,” she said.

“I’m filing a case against every single person who has been messaging me under RA 10175 Cybercrime Law for Online Harassment, Invasion of Privacy, cyberstalking and defamation of character,” she added.

The singer also told her detractors that they have one day to “remove your words ‘till I really get on with this.”

“You are all getting on my nerves, don’t get me mad. I’m a nice person but not so nice when mad,” she warned.

Her warning came as she drew flak for saying “Filipinos are losing their identity” in their appreciation for Kpop.

“Filipinos are losing their identity trying to be like [Koreans]. Konting (Have a bit of) pride, please?” she previously said of Kpop on her Facebook account.K-pop girl group SNSD, also popularly known as Girls’ Generation, and BoA, a South Korean singer known whose career has spanned two decades got slammed in social media due to a comment by SM Entertainments’s CEO Lee Soo-man.

The mention of SNSD surfaced in a VLive show named ‘Nobody Talks to BoA’ where SM Entertainment’s CEO appeared to talk about SM Entertainment and the last two decades of K-pop culture with BoA. Lee Soo-man stated that BoA’s contribution in K-pop is ‘pathfinding’ as she was the first person to break the language barrier in Japan with her debut Japanese album ‘Listen to my Heart’. Reportedly, she is also the only foreign artist to have three albums sell more than one million copies in Japan and is one of only three artists to have six consecutive number-one studio albums on Japan’s Oricon charts since her debut, the others being Ayumi Hamasaki and Utada Hikaru which explains her title as ‘queen of K-pop’.

Lee Soo-man claimed that early efforts of the Girls’ Generation and artists like BoA helped break the cultural barrier and a lot of young artists who are getting huge success is a subsequent result of that.

The comment did not fare well with a lot of K-pop listeners, especially with fans of artists like BTS who are now successful worldwide. They felt it takes the credit away from the young artists and their hard work. A user wrote, “how is he invalidating bts' impact like that after all the xenophobia & prejudice they have been facing in the west to make kpop popular.” A user said, “lee sooman and sm can keep trying and keep saying whatever they want to say, but the truth is bts's achievements are all because of themselves and themselves only. no boa, no snsd, none of his artists could've had the impact bts has in the western market. bts paved their own way.” Another said, “There is a difference between being the pioneers and paving the way. Senior groups should be respected for the things they did but BTS should be acknowledged also for paving the way for Kpop. BTS broke all the walls and many barriers that the pioneers tried to break before.”

The accusations and counter-arguments started a fan war where a lot of SNSD fans claimed that the girl group’s contribution is impeccable and simply can’t be ignored. A fan said, “snsd don't have anything left to prove to yall. their legacy is already solidified in history and if you don't know who they are then keep that s**t to yourself because that's embarrassing”. Another user commented, “I mean that just shows their lack of knowledge because I got into kpop in 2019 because of blackpink and I know that my faves wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for the impact that SNSD had, like they opened the doors for ggs to be able to shine, they are literal legends.” Another fan pointed out that BTS has mentioned time and again how the earlier generation K-pop music influenced them, "fun facts: 4/7 members had sm artists (SNSD, TVXQ and BoA) as the first albums they ever bought. thanks to these seniors for inspiring juniors nowadays."

Another tweet read, “Some of these comments are really uncalled for. It's totally okay to not know who these people are (snsd and boa) and yes BTS has done so much for kpop in the west but invalidating these two legendary artists in kpop is soo off the mark, some of y'all need to take several seats.”

Girls’ Generation debuted in 2007 and amongst several achievements, they broke the language barrier in 2013 when they got Video of the Year at the inaugural YouTube Music Awards with their iconic ‘I Got a Boy’ album’s title track. The group is known as “the Nation's Girl Group" in South Korea for their decade-long contribution to K-pop. Billboard mentioned Girls' Generation as the "Top K-pop Girl Group of the Past Decade" in 2017.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.K-pop boy band BTS will feature in an upcoming mobile game called Rhythm Hive, which will be released early next year. Photo: Big Hit EntertainmentK-pop fans have been trending the hashtag #BoycottSM (boycott SM Entertainment) on Twitter since last night (Tuesday, 10th November). What’s the tea, you asked?

Apparently, K-pop fans got behind the movement after venting out their dissatisfaction towards the famed entertainment company for several reasons. Check out the tweet below:

Scrolling through the hashtag, fans aren’t happy with the company’s uneven distribution of profits. In this case, they discovered that SM reportedly receives 95% of the profit from the roster’s physical album’s sales, while the promoting groups or artistes only gets a mere 5%, which is quite different as compared to K-pop groups from other major music labels.

Others also argued that the company rarely sends active groups – namely EXO and Red Velvet – to promote overseas. This relates to the fact that the groups will receive 70% of the profits while SM only gets 30%. To quote a Twitter user, SM only offers their artistes the “bare minimum”.

For those curious, feel free to check out the list below:

Another issue that has sparked a major outcry among hardcore fans of the idols under the company is in regards to SM’s upcoming girl group Aespa. In case you missed it, the company’s launch of its first ever all-female ensemble since 2014 has been stealing the spotlight with their virtual (artificial intelligence/ AI) concept.

Most recently, SM took to Twitter to announce a potential collaboration project between them and renowned Chinese IT company, iFlytek. Netizens were dismayed by the news though, with most of them urging the former to drop the plan. They claimed that iFlytek aids genocide and is allegedly involved with the oppression of the Muslim community in China.

What are your thoughts on this?Este es el primer grupo de K-pop que presenta la agencia desde NCT, en 2016. Asimismo, es el primer grupo femenino nuevo que pertenece a la agencia desde el debut de Red Velvet, en 2014.The artist lineup for the highly-awaited Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA) is here.

Mnet Asia Music Awards and Twitter team up for 'Stanbot' featuring your favourite K-pop artists at the 2020 MAMA

Dubbed as Asia’s biggest music awards and global music festival, fans have been tirelessly voting for their favourite artists and many of the lauded nominees have now been confirmed to perform at the show.

As of press time, the performing artist lineup includes BTS, SEVENTEEN, TWICE, NCT, and IZ*ONE, with more to be announced.

UPDATE (5/12): Jessi and MAMAMOO's Hwa Sa are teaming up for a special performance at MAMA.

UPDATE (3/12): Following her recent comeback, BoA has been confirmed to join the MAMA lineup.

Fans from all over the world can catch the awards show on the respective streaming platforms.

MAMA has also announced the presenter lineup. Lee Jung Jae, Park Seo Joon, Uhm Jung Hwa, Im Soo Jung, Lee Da Hee, Yoo Yeon Seok, Jung Kyung Ho, Jeon Mi Do, Park Ha Sun, Jeon Hye Jin, Girls’ Generation’s Sooyoung, Kang Han Na, Go Bo Gyeol, Gong Myung, Kim Ji Suk, Park Gyu Young, Bae Jung Nam, Byun Woo Seok, Yang Kyung Won, Yoon Park, Lee Do Hyun, Lee Sang Yeob, Lee Sun Bin, Lee Yoo Bi, Im Soo Hyang, Jung Moon Sung, Joo Woo Jae, and Hwang In Yeob will be presenting the awards at the ceremony.

UPDATE (30/11): CRAVITY, Oh My Girl, Stray Kids, ATEEZ, The Boyz, (G)I-DLE, and ENHYPEN have been added to the performing lineup.

UPDATE (24/11): It was announced that Song Joong Ki will be returning as the host of the awards show, following his last hosting stints with MAMA in 2018, 2017 and 2012.

UPDATE (17/11): TREASURE, TXT, MONSTA X, MAMAMOO, GOT7, and JO1 have joined the lineup!

As most of the groups have recently made their comebacks, fans can definitely prepare themselves for some jaw-dropping debut performances of their comeback tracks.

Last year, K-pop stars such as MAMAMOO, GOT7, TXT, and even global pop artist Dua Lipa, have commanded the MAMA stage with spectacular performances.

The MNET Asian Music Awards is happening on 6 December, and the official ceremony will commence at 6 PM (TH/ID Standard Time) or 7 PM (SG/PH/MY Standard Time).KPOPSWISS: An online event to not miss

The Hallyu Korea (Kpop Swiss) Association of Switzerland, hosted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and KOFICE in Korea is going to stream an online concert on 21st November 2020.

Fans have a lot to look forward: an online date with ChangHa, the influencer from Korea, talk session with Jay Kim, the choreography of many K-Pop artists, K-Culture talk with AOORA, the musician and influencer who recently released “Twerk” and a K-beauty show by Edward Avila, the Korea-based beauty guru. Lighting show introduction by Seoul Design Foundation is going to be part of the program as well and the organizers promises more surprises to be added to this event.

Mark your calendars to not miss this amazing event.November was a great month for K-pop comebacks, but before it ends, a new boy group is set to debut.

ENHYPEN, the up-and-coming new K-pop boy group are the first artists from BELIFT LAB, a joint venture between CJ ENM and Big Hit Entertainment, the agency behind global superstars, BTS.

ENHYPEN confirm November debut with first mini-album BORDER : DAY ONE

Even before they made their official debut, the 7-member boy group have well racked up an extensive social media following with more than one million followers on their official Twitter, Instagram, and TikTok channels, along with over 3 million on Weverse.

Formed from the South Korean music-themed survival competition show 'I-LAND', the trainees battled it out over the course of 12 episodes to be a part of the final lineup. In the end, seven members emerged victorious – Heesung, Jay, Sunghoon, Jake, Sunoo, Jungwon, and Niki which ultimately formed ENHYPEN today.

In just a couple of days, the boy group will make their first foray into the K-pop industry with the release of their debut mini-album, BORDER: DAY ONE, on 30 November. Dubbed as the “monster rookies”, their forthcoming mini-album had crossed a total of 150,000 preorders in just two days, and as of 17 November, they have surpassed 300,000 preorders with sales coming in from all over the world.

Ahead of their debut, we break down everything you need to know about the promising rookies – from the meaning behind their group name to a rundown of each and every member.

The name ‘ENHYPEN’ was decided on the final episode of I-LAND, and it represents the seven different boys coming together to connect, discover one another and grow as a group, similar to the hyphen punctuation that connects one word to another.

It is also closely linked to their official fandom name, ENGENE, which symbolises the fans that power the engine to drive and support ENHYPEN’s growth. Additionally, 'GENE' refers to their fans sharing the same DNA as the group to connect and grow together. 



Sign up as an official member of ENHYPEN's Global Fan Club on Weverse here.

Entitled BORDER: DAY ONE, the debut album's release is set to hit global music markets on 30 November. The title track of the album, 'Given-Taken', along with the full tracklist was unveiled on Friday night (20/11).

With a total of six songs on the mini-album, its available in two versions, 'Dusk' and 'Dawn'. The latter appears to feature light and soft elements with its dreamy baby-blue colourway while Dusk seems to contain darker, vampirish vibes with a consistent wine red theme. Fans have also speculated that the two sides may represent the different facets of ENHYPEN and their versatility.

Pre-order the album via Amazon (Dusk) (Dawn), Weverse USA, Weverse (Set), KTown4U, HotTracks (Set), Interpark (Set), and Yes24 (Set).

On D-Day, the boy group will be celebrating the special milestone by holding the ENHYPEN DEBUT SHOW: DAY ONE on 30 November, 8pm KST (7pm SG/PH/MY Standard Time) or (6pm TH/ID Standard Time).

Fans can tune in via Mnet K-POP and Big Hit Label's YouTube channel.

Apart from concept teasers and trailers leading up to their debut, the boy group are certainly ready to kick it into high gear with the launch of their official merchandise and lightsticks. Available for preorder on Weverse, the first batch of merch includes the official slogan (banner), keyrings, pin badge sets, lightsticks, and more.

GET TO KNOW THE MEMBERS

As the appointed leader, 16-year-old Jungwon will be the spokesperson of the group, leading the boys through the ups and downs of the music industry. Starting out as a trainee at Big Hit Entertainment, the emerging artist came up on top in the final episode of I-LAND with over 1.4 million votes. In an interview, he shared how his goal for ENHYPEN is to "ultimately become the world’s top artist!"

Born in the United States, Jay moved back to South Korea when he was nine. In an interview with Forbes, he revealed that his English now is quite rusty, but he promises "I’ll do my best to perfect my Korean, English, and Japanese to communicate better with fans!" Jay is also known for his skilled dance moves amongst the I-LAND contestants. On top of his idol duties, Jay is also quite the star in the kitchen, as he fills the role of the chef who enjoyed cooking for everyone on the show.

Apart from taking on the music stage, Sunghoon also once doubled down on the ice skating rink with grace as he used to mesmerise the audience with his seamless skating skills. Dubbed the "Figure Skating Prince", the multi-talented artist was a two-time National Junior Silver Medalist who represented South Korea in several international competitions. It was only after watching BTS live in concert, that the former competitive skater felt inspired to become an idol.

Born in Brisbane, Australia, Jake is effectively bilingual in fluent English and Korean. The young idol went straight from being a high school student in Australia to I-LAND. Musically inclined since childhood, Jake has been playing the violin for years, but revealed in an interview that "I haven’t practiced it for almost a year, but I would like to pick it up again to perform for my fans someday!" Jake is also known for the alluring voice behind the narration of ENHYPEN's debut and concept trailers so far.

Sunoo was specially chosen by the producers of I-LAND and industry insiders that took part in the show, including Big Hit's CEO, Bang Si-Hyuk, to join ENHYPEN. During his time on the programme, viewers were blown away by his incredible vocal range when he effortlessly hit far ends of the vocal spectrum. The 17-year-old member also recently revealed that he grew up with health challenges, and even underwent surgery last year while he was training on the show.

Before joining I-LAND, Heesung previously trained with TXT members during his time as a trainee at Big Hit, which also provided him with songwriting and composing experience. Described by the agency as the "core of our performance," Heesung will take on the role of the eldest, offering guidance to the group leader, Sungwon. “We should build leadership together as a team. Each member of the team has to have leadership and take action to help that role, not just with words but really to help the leader out in order for the whole team to succeed."

As the maknae (youngest member) of the group, 14-year-old Ni-ki hails from Okayama, Japan. Earning the title of "I-LAND's Best Dancer" when he was able to memorise the whole choreography in ten minutes, the talent that exudes from the budding star is not to be underestimated. According to an interview with Teen Vogue, Ni-ki's parents also own a dance studio in Japan, which was when he first learnt how to dance with jazz and ballet genres.

ENHYPEN's debut album, BORDER: DAY ONE, will be released on all digital streaming platforms on 30 November, 6pm KST (5pm SG/PH/MY Standard Time) or (4pm TH/ID Standard Time).K-pop fans can gear up for one of the largest and most exciting events this year as the 2020 MAMA announces its biggest performing lineup so far for this year’s event!

The Mnet Asian Music Awards, otherwise known as MAMA, raises anticipation for its event by releasing its largest roster of performing artists yet! Featuring a mix of beloved boy groups, girl groups, and rookies, K-pop fans can gear up for perhaps the most eventful evening of the year thus far.

Beloved girl group OH MY GIRL will take the stage at the MAMAs this year. OH MY GIRL had explosive charting success with their summer single, “Nonstop”, captivating fans with the catchy summer anthem. Fans can look forward to the various charms the members will show during their performance at the ceremony.

December is an eventful month for THE BOYZ as they celebrate their third anniversary since their debut. Additionally, the group will release a Christmas single titled, “Christmassy!” in commemoration of their anniversary. Now, the group treats fans with another exciting event as they join the performing artist lineup for the MAMAs.

Stray Kids, who were recently honored at the 2020 Asia Artist Awards will also perform at the 2020 MAMA. The boy group continually impresses with their bold, distinct style of music as well as their musical creativity as several members participate in making their own music. Their appearance at the award ceremony raises anticipation for the intense stage they will surely deliver.

(G)I-DLE consistently proves themselves as one of the up and coming girl groups of the fourth generation. After their impressive appearance on Mnet’s reality show Queendom, the group revealed their charismatic stage presence and extensive skills. Fans can expect another powerful stage from (G)I-DLE at this year’s MAMA event.

Coined as a “global” K-pop group for their extensive worldwide fanbase, ATEEZ takes the stage at the 2020 MAMAs once more. The group delivered a dominating performance at last year’s ceremony, landing within the top ten of the most viewed 2019 MAMA performances to date. Their appearance at this year’s ceremony raises excitement for the event and for the show-stopping performance the group has planned.

Rookie boy group CRAVITY captures hearts with their impressive stages and boyish charms. Their admirable broadcast performances and album sales since debut have attracted global attention. This marks the group’s first appearance and performance at the award shows, leaving many fans on the edge of their seats awaiting the exciting stage the group has in store for them.

ENHYPEN surprised fans with the announcement that they would join the performing artist lineup for the 2020 MAMAs, on the same day of their official debut. Formed through the survival show I-LAND, conducted by BigHit Entertainment and CJ E&M Entertainment’s joint company BELIF+ Lab, ENHYPEN’s official debut summons immense anticipation. Furthermore, fans can expect their planned performance at MAMAs to reveal more of the group’s musical identity and style.

Meanwhile, K-pop fans can participate in voting for their favorite artists for MAMA‘s “Worldwide Fans’ Choice” award on Twitter. Additionally, everyone is eligible to enter HELLOKPOP’s exclusive giveaway of signed albums by 2020 MAMA artist nominees too!
• MAMA Reveals Its Second Lineup Of Thrilling Performance ArtistsAEG Facilities is adding to its Vegas portfolio with a new 65,000-seat sports and entertainment venue, to be home to the Raiders NFL team2020 has been a year full of difficulties, and with the COVID-19 pandemic especially, we’ve been navigating feelings of uncertainty, the loneliness of quarantine, and the strange sense that time seems to be moving both fast and slow simultaneously. Perhaps it’s no surprise, then, that there have been a string of K-pop releases that hit the angsty, existential vibe that has come to mark 2020: a subtle angst of waiting, wondering, and hoping. There’s something comforting about listening to these quietly angsty songs, as if the artists are understanding and soothing your emotions. So sit back and let these 14 tracks put you in your angsty feels!

TXT shows their angsty side with the existential “Can’t You See Me,” in which they tackle the isolating feeling that those to whom they are closest no longer understand them, as if they’re not being seen. This track only resonates more strongly in a year in which it’s been more difficult to literally see people (in person) than ever. The haunting whistle in the song’s background is the icing on this tune, and its dark, thought-provoking music video is the cherry (or should we say “strawberry”) on top.

Few songs feel as 2020 as the angsty yet hopeful “Howling,” and VICTON’s calling out to a lost love feels a lot like us calling out for connection, understanding, and a return to normalcy this year. Just like the members of VICTON, it seems like we’re all doing a little big of “howling” these days!

Nothing says “angst” like the chorus of “we were born to be alone” in this record-breaking BLACKPINK hit! These ladies revel in their romantic woes, knowing that love only brings them unhappiness but continuing to chase after it anyway. The sentiment of making peace with our solitude while still searching for connection resonates strongly with us this year!

This PENTAGON hit is about getting burned by love, but it channels a kind of frustrated angst that we’re all feeling at this point in 2020. The rock-infused track gave PENTAGON their first music show win, and it’s easy to see why: despite its angst, “Daisy” is healing to listen to, as if the guys understand exactly how we feel.

What is quarantine for, if not reminiscing about past romances? Taemin’s gorgeous “2 KIDS” is permeated by the nostalgic angst of looking back on a youthful past love. It also manages to be uplifting, with the realization that there is beauty in even a romance that has ended. The music video also features perhaps the most angst-ridden choreography on this list, which Taemin of course performs in absolutely stunning style.

There’s something especially empowering about a strong woman like Jessi putting her more painful emotions into song; it makes us realize that it’s okay to feel vulnerable. In “Numb,” Jessi sings of a relationship that is draining her emotionally, but we can’t help but empathize in a year that has been continuously draining for everyone.

It’s been a year of inconsistency and unpredictability, which makes GOT7’s “NOT BY THE MOON” a 2020 vibe through and through. The track explores a line from Shakespeare’s “Romeo and Juliet” to explore the angst of uncertainty in romance: “O, swear not by the moon, th’ inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circle orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.”

Mino gets real and raw in his recent solo release, a powerful song about running away from a romance before it only leads to more hurt. “Run away” conveys a sense of both emptiness and explosive emotion, a combination that is deeply personal to Mino but that also hits just right this year.

“BOCA” is angsty in a distinctively DreamCatcher style, as the girls demand to know “where is the love” — a question that seems particularly relevant to this tough year. “Boca” means “mouth” in Spanish, and the lyrics speak of closing the mouths of those who say hurtful words.

“Zombie” is both very broadly important and very 2020: it explores the sense of emptiness in living our repetitive daily lives, a feeling that has only become more magnified in this year of quarantining. There are too many subtle emotions to count in this song, but the way DAY6 melts these angsts and sorrows together is breathtaking.

Life sometimes feels as surreal as a dream these days, so it’s no surprise that ATEEZ’s “INCEPTION” resonates so strongly with us: the song is about being lost in a never-ending dream, wandering and searching for someone. It’s a powerful angst that we totally feel this year!

Sunmi addresses mental health directly in this English-language song, which offers a window into her personal struggles. She’s gotten used to acting like she’s okay even when she’s not; and the song serves as a confession of her true feelings. It’s easy for many of us to feel like we’re struggling these days, and “BORDERLINE” comes as a reminder to be honest with ourselves about how we’re really doing.

With its clock-like ticking beat, its sense of hollowness, and its raw vocals, this English-language MONSTA X track perfectly captures the angst of 2020. The music video only heightens this effect, as the boys are depicted in box-like rooms, stationary even when they’re moving, watching stoically as clouds of emotion billow out from their chests.

“HAPPENING” is just the kind of listlessness that we’re all feeling right about now. AKMU gorgeously conveys a sense of exhaustion in this post-breakup track, and ultimately also acceptance as the singers come to terms with their present — an emotional combination that many of us have felt over the past months!

Hey Soompiers, which of these songs is your 2020 angsty vibe? What other songs are a 2020 mood for you? Let us know in the comments!

hgordon stays up way too late on weeknights marathoning K-dramas and trying to keep up with the latest K-pop releases.Filipino fanbase of celebrated septet BTS managed to raise over P2 million in their collective relief drives for the victims of Typhoon Ulysses.

In a Facebook post, fanpage BangtanPH shared a liquidation of various donations that total to P2 million.

These were collected from ARMYs, which is their fandom name.

“Wow ARMYS have accumulated P2 million for the typhoon victims. I’m so proud of us,” the post read.

They used the hashtag #PHARMY2Million on Facebook and Twitter to thank the fans who contributed to their cause.

“It was hours ago when Philippine ARMY raised P1 million from different donation drives for the victims of the typhoons AND now it reached more than P2 million. In less than two days, it reached this far,” one fan account on Twitter wrote.

Fanbases of other popular Kpop artists and groups also launched their own relief drives and call for rescue for victims of the recent typhoons under the hashtags #RescuePH and #CagayanNeedsHelp.

Kpop star Eric Nam even previously retweeted his fans’ relief contributions to a group of youth volunteers in the country.

“My fans are absolutely incredible. #NamNation #Philippines #namnationph,” Nam said on November 12.

The Philippine Kpop Convention, a local organizer of Kpop fan events, launched a donation drive on November 13 in collaboration with other established K-pop fan clubs in the country.

This project is still ongoing and is calling for both in-kind donations such as slippers, face masks and canned goods, and financial assistance through Gcash.

“We appreciate all your help and always looking forward to another fruitful project with you all! Please stay safe and healthy!” the post read.

Filipino fanbases of girl group Blackpink and boy group NCT have also solicited cash donations and conducted their own relief operations to affected communities in the provinces.

As of November 16, the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council reported 67 deaths and 12 missing in the wake of “Ulysses.”

Both “Rolly” and “Ulysses,” which made landfalls in the country within weeks apart, triggered widespread flooding and damaged properties across the country. They also displaced millions of Filipinos after their homes were submerged in floodwaters.

Cagayan Valley or Region II, particularly the provinces Cagayan and Isabela, were inundated with floodwaters following the sudden release of water by Magat Dam over the weekend.

Rescue and relief operations are still ongoing in various areas in the region.

Authorities, meanwhile, are seeking a probe into the dam’s water release, which volume is reportedly equivalent to two Olympic pools per second.

Korea’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs also vowed to provide $200,000 in humanitarian assistance to the Philippines last November 5.BTS n’a pas seulement le pouvoir de mobiliser des foules aux quatre coins du monde. Le célèbre boys band sud-coréen a obtenu le passage, vendredi 20 novembre, par la commission parlementaire chargée des questions de défense, d’un amendement accordant à l’ensemble des stars masculines de la K-Pop un report d’incorporation pour le service militaire car elles contribuent à la renommée et à la bonne image du pays dans le monde. Ce droit, qui devrait être adopté, sauf surprise, par l’Assemblée nationale, bénéficie déjà aux médaillés olympiques et aux musiciens classiques.

Grâce à cet « amendement BTS », les sept membres du groupe effectueront leurs vingt et un mois de service obligatoire à 30 ans, contre 28 en temps normal. Une décision bienvenue pour Big Hit Entertainment (BHE), l’agence de BTS, qui vient de réussir son entrée en Bourse et redoutait une baisse d’activité de son groupe le plus rentable. « Les sept membres de BTS sont nés entre 1992 et 1997 », rappelait alors BHE. Son membre le plus âgé, Kim Seok-jin, alias Jin, fête son 28e anniversaire en décembre.

La question reste sensible dans le pays

La question agite la Corée du Sud depuis plusieurs mois, certains défendant une exemption pure et simple. « Tout le monde n’a pas besoin de prendre un fusil pour servir son pays », expliquait en octobre le député du Parti démocrate au pouvoir, Noh Woong-rae, en référence à l’impact économique du succès planétaire de BTS et de la K-Pop en général, fer de lance de la diplomatie d’influence de Séoul.

La question reste pourtant sensible dans un pays toujours juridiquement en conflit ouvert avec son voisin du nord, les combats de la guerre de Corée (1950-1953) n’étant suspendus que par un armistice. Selon un sondage d’octobre, 48 % des Sud-Coréens estimaient que les membres de BTS ne devaient pas être exemptés. Tout en se disant fan du groupe, Kim Jong-cheol, chef du très conservateur Parti de la justice, s’opposait à tout traitement spécial.

En bons citoyens, les membres du groupe ont toujours exprimé leur souhait de répondre à la convocation sous les drapeaux. « Je crois que le service militaire est un devoir. Je suis prêt à servir à tout moment, déclarait Jin en février. En tant que Sud-Coréen, c’est naturel. »PETALING JAYA, Nov 10 — Former Black Swan member Hyeme has been accused by a former fan of manipulating him into giving her 50 million won (RM184,000).

An office worker known as B told Korean media outlet Dispatch that he plans to take legal action after becoming a victim of fraud by a K-pop singer that was later revealed to be Hyeme.

The report stated that B, who is in his early 30s, first exchanged messages with the Tonight singer on social media in 2018 and that he had been a fan of her music at the time.

The two then met up in real life for meals and drinks and B began to develop romantic feelings for Hyeme, which motivated him to help her when she faced financial difficulties in 2019.

“At first, I cheered her on as a fan. Then we became close. Following which, I developed feelings for her.

“I truly hoped Hyeme would find success. That’s why I helped her,” said B, based on translations by Koreaboo.

B claimed that Hyeme had requested for him to rent an apartment for her so she could focus more on her activities as a singer and that she promised to pay back the money once she succeeded in her career.

He reportedly paid the RM3,300 monthly rent on a small officetel apartment for a year and even took care of the RM73,900 deposit fee so Hyeme could live there.

B then gave Hyeme a credit card and she racked up a bill amounting to RM47,300 within five months in addition to her requests for direct cash transfers.

He said that Hyeme had allegedly squandered the money by spending it on entertainment and leisure activities and that she cut contact with him after he asked her to pay him back in March 2020.

“She said that she would pay me back when she finds success. But she changed her number and disappeared.

“More than anything, the sense of betrayal is huge,” said B.

B also clarified that he never had a sexual relationship with Hyeme despite harbouring unrequited love for her.

Shortly after the scandal broke out, Hyeme’s agency DR Music confirmed that she had indeed borrowed money from an individual and that they were investigating the matter.

The label released a statement today announcing that they will be filing a countersuit against B on behalf of Hyeme despite previously ending her contract on November 7.

DR Music said that B had “greatly exaggerated” his claims and will sue him for defamation of character, spreading false and malicious rumours, and violation of sexual harassment laws.

“The individual will also face additional legal action for interference of business and false reporting, which not only damaged Hyeme’s character but also inflicted damages on Black Swan’s promotions,” said DR Music, based on translations by Allkpop.

Hyeme has since left her position as the main vocalist for Black Swan and deleted her Instagram account.

She first debuted as a singer with the girl group Rania in 2015.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Blunt, carefree and unafraid, the K-pop idol born Choi Min-ki made his musical theatre debut in 2020 in Asia’s first production of Everybody’s Talking About Jamie – sharing the lead role with 2AM’s Jo Kwon and Astro’s MJThe Korean Business Research Institute has finally revealed the leading male idol groups for November!

According to the latest brand reputation rankings, BTS, NCT, SEVENTEEN are crowned as the top three K-pop boy groups this November.

The rankings are based on various factors including consumer media, communication, and community indices. Particularly, the institute has extracted a huge amount of data from October 6 to November 6.

Leading the list once again is BTS. The worldwide phenomenal septet was able to impressively maintain their glorious ranking for the 30th consecutive month now. This November, they recorded a brand reputation index of 8,595,929.

Some of the high-ranking phrases from the group’s keyword analysis included “Billboard”, their record-breaking single “Dynamite”, and “YouTube.” The words such as “record”, “release”, and “thankful” are also present as their highest-ranking related terms.

Following at second place is NCT. The rising idol group held onto their spot with a 64.51 percent rise in their score last month. They specifically acquired a brand reputation index of 5,846,061.

With a 71 percent increase in their score since October, multi-talented idol group SEVENTEEN secured the third spot. They obtained a brand reputation index of 3,780,268.

Placing fourth and fifth in the rankings are B1A4 and PENTAGON. TXT took the sixth spot while EXO got the seventh rank. Completing this month’s top ten are The Boyz, MONSTA X, and SHINee who grabbed the eighth to tenth places, respectively.

Check out the other K-Pop boy groups who entered the Top 30 this November:South African-born Andre joined SCMP STYLE’s Hong Kong office as Senior Digital Content Manager in 2020 after working at some of the world’s biggest media companies in the UAE, Singapore and the UK. When he’s not behind the velvet rope rubbing shoulders with the A-list, you’re likely to find him sampling local beers and searching for Insta-hot spots during his travels.Here's how K-pop fans are attempting to drown out Trump supporters

K-pop fans have proven they are a force to be reckoned with time and time again. In 2020, the fanbase created the "fancam" tactic to get points across online, a strategy that entails an audience member filming a super up-close video of K-pop stars during a live performance and posting the video on Twitter to cause an online distraction for a larger cause, as Newsweek noted. Then, people copy and share the videos, so Twitter gets flooded with these concert clips.

The fanbase first caught worldwide attention when they implemented this method during the reignited Back Lives Matter movement in America, with protests breaking out in response to the killing of George Floyd, an unarmed Black man, as reported by Vox. Fans flooded the internet with these K-pop concert videos to distract members of law enforcement from learning information about protests and finding protesters in person. The K-pop fan base, along with TikTok users, then took credit for buying tickets to and therefore inflating the popularity of a Trump rally in Tulsa, Okla., according to The Guardian. When it came time for the rally, there was a noticeable amount of empty seats, which may have resulted from the actions of these creative social media users.

Now, the K-pop fan base has harnessed their power for Election night — here's how they are attempting to drown out Trump supporters."So ABC implying all Asians look the same?!"

BTS was mistaken for Kpop group NCT during ABC’s coverage of the AMAs.

Twitter user @Nicole_Tweetss captured the footage in which entertainment reporter George Pennacchio introduced the BTS just before a clip of SM Entertainment’s sub-group NCT 127 was shown.

“Still waiting on a correction and an apology…” the Twitter user captioned the footage whilst tagging ABC, Pennacchio and On The Red Carpet.

Pennacchio was explaining that BTS had were hoping to maintain their winning streak following the 2018 and 2019 AMAs.

Twitter users blasted ABC for the blunder, calling broadcasters out for racism.

“So @ABC7 @abc7george @OnTheRedCarpet implying all Asians look the same?! What’s the point of having a segment called FACEism when your own network is promoting racism?” Responded one Twitter user.

“oh no not THIS again… bts≠nctRaised back of hand damn stuff like this is SO disappointing CAN YALL DO YOUR RESEARCH?? ITS NOT THAT HARD,” another wrote.

BTS went on to win two awards at the 202 AMAs – Favorite Social Artist and Favorite Pop Group. The South Korean singers also performed their hits ‘Life Goes On’ and ‘Dynamite’ remotely from Seoul.Four of the nine members of Twice will have a part in the song "I'll Show You."

The upcoming album from League of Legends’ fictional K-pop group K/DA will reportedly include several new singers, such as girls from the real K-pop group Twice. Four members from the group—Jihyo, Nayeon, Sana, and Chaeyoung—will be featured in the song “I’ll Show You,” according to Polygon.

Twice is a popular K-pop group with nine members in total. The group is known for its 2018 song “Cheer Up” and has reached No. 1 on Billboard’s K-pop top 100 chart four times, along with many other songs landing in the top 10.

K/DA was created in 2018 as a virtual K-pop group featuring League champions Ahri, Akali, Evelynn, Kai’Sa—and recently welcomed new champ Seraphine to collaborate with the group. They’re each voiced by (G)I-dle members Miyeon and Soyeon, and Madison Beer, Jaira Burns, and Jasmine Clarke, respectively.

The voices used for each song aren’t always the same, though. For the song “The Baddest,” for example, Madison Beer and Jaira Burns were replaced by Bea Miller and Wolftyla.

Here’s a list of the tracks on K/DA’s upcoming EP, ALL OUT, as well as who’s performing:

Riot Games hasn’t announced which characters will be in each song or what champions Jihyo, Nayeon, Sana, and Chaeyoung will be interpreting. Miyeon and Soyeon will most likely keep voicing Ahri and Akali, though.

K/DA recently released “More” as the second single from ALL OUT, which is scheduled to become available in three days as an EP on Nov. 6.

Make sure to follow us on YouTube for more esports news and analysis.Popular Twitch artist ‘39daph’ has hit back at the K-Pop community, specifically Blackpink stans, over comments she made about the fandom.

39daph has been the target of the K-Pop community this week after comments she made on a November 16 stream, about girl group Blackpink that went viral.

“Blackpink is actually not good though, they literally just regurgitate the same EDM trash sh*t over and over and people are like ‘Oh my God, they’re so beautiful, they’re so great, look at them!’ Yeah they’re really popular, but quality wise, they’re not great,” she said.

She also stated the fandom was “crazy,” with people constantly harassing her to message friend Jae Park, a member of Korean rock group Day6, to do certain things.

“You K-Pop b*tches are crazy. They like DM me and go like ‘hey can you tell Jae to do this’. I’m like ‘why the f**k are you telling me to tell Jae how to act.’ F**k off.”

39daph doubled down on Twitter, putting out numerous tweets, including screenshots of DMs she was receiving from Blackpink fans. She continued to poke fun at the group though, stating in one tweet: “Blackpink more like Blackpoop.”

This led to 39daph being swarmed and targeted on Twitter. Members of the K-Pop fandom bombarded her tweets with insults.

However, the popular Twitch artist has fired back again, saying the Twitch community and the K-Pop community are so far apart, they should never really intersect.

“The thing is, is that [K-Pop stans and Twitch streamers] are two corners of the internet that are so far apart, that they will literally never collide unless they go out of their way to look for each other. When I said that sh*t on my stream, [the K-Pop stans] came and found it and put it over there.”
• Read more: MontanaBlack hits back at Twitch over ban for sex ‘re-enactment’

She also condemned how the K-Pop community has treated her and other streamers who have called out parts of the fandom. The streamer claims she was sent images of self-harm, while other streamers have faced racist and homophobic abuse.

“They were like ‘you never should have said that’…but does that justify calling Macaiyla the N-word? Does it justify calling me a ‘corona spreader’ because I’m Chinese? Does it justify posting self harm…under my replies [on Twitter]? Does it justify literally spamming my Instagram and YouTube comment sections calling me ‘ugly fat b*tch’?”

“They assumed that I was a K-Pop trainee. Why? Because I’m Asian with light skin? And as someone else said ‘she thinks she’s superior because she’s Korean.’ What kind of projection is this? I’m not even Korean.”
• Read more: Day6’s Jae Park calls out “toxic” side of the K-Pop community

39daph’s comments come after Jae Park himself called out the “toxic” side of the K-Pop community, claiming: “The younger generation is starting to believe that that’s acceptable behavior.”

Earlier in 2020, 100 Thieves streamer Froste was targeted by the K-Pop community. The Mob member poked fun at uber-popular K-Pop group BTS, which led to fans trying to get his Twitter account banned.BTS impact the world forever, become the first K-pop gathering to procure Grammy in significant classification

LOS ANGELES: South Korean sensation BTS is one bit nearer to their fantasy about winning a Grammy Award as the band has been named in the best pop team/bunch execution class by the Recording Academy for their chartbuster track “Explosive”.

The assignments for the 63rd Grammy Awards were declared on Tuesday night, as per Recording Academy’s legitimate site.

BTS, whose complete name is Bangtan Sonyeondan (Bulletproof Boy Scouts) or Beyond The Scene as they are known to worldwide crowds, additionally turned into the main pop act from South Korea to top the Billboard Hot 100 outline with “Explosive”.



 The septet – involving RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook – expressed gratitude toward the ARMY, a term for the band’s fans, for their help in this excursion to procuring a Grammy gesture.

“Much obliged to you to every individual who tuned in to and identified with our music during the troublesome occasions. Most importantly, it is ARMYs who made the supernatural occurrence of being a Grammy competitor. We generally acknowledge and love you. Much obliged to you @RecordingAcad for this amazing privilege!” a tweet on the gathering’s legitimate Twitter account read.

BTS has frequently portrayed “Explosive” as a tune brimming with zing, good vibes, and managing life slowly and carefully as one feels “hefty” amid the continuous Covid pandemic.

Already, BTS’s collection ‘Love Yourself: Tear’ was up for best account bundle in 2019, yet had they won, the honor would have gone to craftsmanship chief HuskyFox. They additionally impacted the world forever finally year’s function by being the principal K-pop gathering to introduce an honor.

The gathering made their Grammy debut this year in a joint effort with Lil Nas X for an interpretation of the American rapper’s “Old Town Road”.

“Explosive” will rival “Un Dia (One Day)” by Jay Balvin, Dua Lipa, Bad Bunny, and Rainy; “Aims” by Justin Bieber including Quavo; “Downpour On Me” by Lady Gaga with Ariana Grande; and “Outcast” by Taylor Swift highlighting Bon Iver.

The honors service, to be hung on January 31, will be facilitated by day by day show moderator Trevor Noah.Catch your favorite artists through an online expo hosted by the Ministry of Trade and Energy and Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism!

The annual Korea Brand & Entertainment Expo, KBEE returns this year in the form of an online expo. ‘KBEE 2020, ASEAN’ will be held online from November 2nd to November 13th, where people around the world will have a chance to know more about Korea through the online expo, from the comfort of their homes.

In ‘KBEE 2020, ASEAN’, amazing K-products and services will be introduced. Participants of the online expo will also have the opportunity to check out the ‘Online K-POP & K-Drama Concert’ on November 7th.

Top Korean artists have been invited to perform at the Online K-Pop & K-Drama Concert. Super Junior D&E and Taemin will wow the audience with their amazing performances, while popular OSTs from K-Dramas will be performed by Ailee, Yesung, Soyou, Lyn, and Hwang Chi Yeul.

K-Product Shopping Events and pop-up stores at Union Mall (Bangkok) and METRO Plaza Senayan (Jakarta) where people can purchase K-products online/offline have also been prepared for this occasion.

Catch the online concert on KOTRA TV or SBS KPOP YouTube channels.
• WINNER And Song Ji Hyo Appointed As Ambassadors For 2019 KBEE In ThailandNovember 11, also known as Pepero Day, is a fun day celebrated in South Korea that is similar to that of Valentine’s Day here in North America. Instead of chocolates, people exchange Pepero, which is a delicious chocolate-coated cookie snack. Giving Pepero to someone is a sign of interest and or affection, which obviously makes it an important day! Curious to see which K-pop idol will be giving you some Pepero this upcoming Pepero Day? Take this quiz to find out!

Hey Soompiers, what were your results? Let me know in the comments below!

binahearts is a Soompi writer whose ultimate biases are Song Joong Ki and BIGBANG. She is also the author of “K-POP A To Z: The Definitive K-Pop Encyclopedia.” Make sure you follow binahearts on Instagram as she journeys through her latest Korean crazes!

Currently watching: “How Do You Play?,” “Do Do Sol Sol La La Sol” and “Start-Up”

 All-time favorite dramas: “Secret Garden,” “Goblin,” “Because This Is My First Life,” “Star In My Heart”

 Looking forward to: Won Bin‘s return to the small screenBlackpink is officially in our area!

In a media event on Tuesday, Globe president and CEO Ernest Cu introduced the K-pop group as its newest brand ambassador.

“Please welcome our newest brand ambassadors and members of the Globe family —Blackpink,” Cu said.

“This musical group of young talented artists have been topping the charts all over the world. Today, I am proud to announce that this group is chosen to endorse Globe in the Philippines,” he added.

Last week, Globe released a teaser poster hinting at a possible collaboration with the record-breaking South Korean girl band.

Globe followed its rival PLDT-Smart in tapping Korean starts as brand endorsers.

Smart Communications has earlier introduced Korean stars Hyun Bin, Son Hye-jin, and Park Seo-jun as their brand ambassadors.

Blackpink recently debuted their first ever documentary on Netflix.

Since their debut in 2016, Blackpink has become the highest-charting female K-pop group of all time. —Ted Cordero/JCB, GMA NewsTinwarotul Fatonah | Dea Dezellynda Madya Ratri Minggu, 22 November 2020 | 21:09 WIB

Matamata.com - Mantan member girl group BaBa kejutkan publik usai blak-blakan jadi bintang porno. Mantan member tersebut adalah Chae Seungha yang lebih memilih jadi bintang porno dibanding idol.

Debut tahun 2015 bersama BaBa lewat agensi kecil, Seungha merasa menjadi idol kurang menguntungkan. Di tahun 2018, perempuan 20 tahun tersebut memilih hengkang hingga menjadi bintang porno.

Dilansir dari Koreaboo, terhitung Seungha sudah bermain dalam 40 film porno. Ia dibayar setara satu unit mobil untuk membintangi satu film.

"Aku menjadi seorang pemain film dewasa. Kira-kira aku sudah bermain dalam 40 film dewasa dalam waktu dua bulan," ujar Seungha.

"Mungkin setiap aktris berbeda-beda tapi mereka akan mempertimbangkan bahwa aku adalah orang baru yang sebelumnya adalah idol girl grup. Aku dibayar dengan harga yang setara dengan mobil sedan Korea per filmnya," lanjutnya.

Di tahun 2020, Seungha sudah membintangi beberapa film dewasa diantaranya R-Rated Seung-ha's Fancy Walk dan Pretty Young Sisters. Meski sering berpenampilan imut, tak disangka ia berani membintangi film porno.

Kini grup BaBa masih aktif meski masih dipandang sebelah mata oleh penikmat KPop. Karena para membernya yang sering hengkang, disebut jadi penyebab BaBa sulit mendapatkan popularitas.The hymen repair kits that are sold online as discovered by BBCIndia Welcomes Blackpink was one of the top Twitter trends in India after the band announced a concert in Mumbai. The K-Pop band released a teaser with the caption, “BLACKPINK AROUND THE WORLD. Coming soon!” Have a look at the teaser below: Also Read - BLACKPINK flaunting THESE stylish skirts is major fashion goals — view posts

Fans become super emotional and excited with the news. Here are some of the tweets: Also Read - Ice Cream song: BLACKPINK X Selena Gomez’ peppy track is a candy floss romance dishing out vibes from 2000s

There are no other details about the concert. It is being speculated that it will be a virtual concert. They K-Pop bad shared a teaser trailer today (November 23) for what appears to be a global livestream event. Also Read - Ice cream song teaser: BLACKPINK X Selena Gomez' groovy vibes will raise your excitement

The group’s music video for 'DDU-DU DDU-DU' surpassed 1.4 billion views on YouTube, making it the first K-pop group music video ever to achieve the feat.

In a past interview with on his talk show, he asked what being a trainee was like and whether it was more interesting than school as the rest of us know it. Rose replied, “I was personally excited that we got to rid of all those annoying subjects but in the long run, maybe it would have been nice if we were educated that way.”

“We had so many things to take a look into. When it comes to one song, the video, the choreography, the fashion, the visual, everything is just put into one — let’s just times that by how many. We were kind of freaking out at first, but then we have been working for it for a long time,” Jennie, 24, said in past interview with The Associated Press.

“We feel like we tried to put as many personalities of us as we could in the album. We have some very personal songs; songs that are a little more close to our hearts, that speak our story a little more,” Rosé, 23, said talking about ‘The Album.’ She added, “Personal songs take a little more to record, definitely. We had to bring our souls into the recording studio. It was us being very vulnerable. We heard that our fans can kind of feel that.”For their newest single "Ready Or Not," the Korean girl group MOMOLAND revealed that they've collaborated with none other than rap star PSY!

The group's third single includes three songs with a title track called "Ready Or Not" and a special track called "Merry Go Round."

The "Ready or Not" track contains an upbeat tune and is reported to sing about a girl's will to "show her worth" while "Merry Go Round' is the group's dedication to their fans.

The release of the new single, which has a vibrant theme and catchy tune, also coincides with MOMOLAND's fourth anniversary in the music industry.

MOMOLAND is known for their hit songs "BAAM" and "BBoom BBoom" while PSY rose to fame with his "Gangnam Style" and "GENTLEMAN."

"Ready Or Not" can now be streamed on major digital platforms. — Kaela Malig/LA, GMA NewsE-commerce platform Shopee Indonesia has announced South Korean group Stray Kids as its latest brand ambassador.

Established in 2017, Stray Kids consists of members Bang Chan, Lee Know, Changbin, Hyunjin, HAN, Felix, Seungmin and I.N.

Shopee Indonesia will kick off a series of collaborative projects with the octet with performances at a televised event called Shopee 11.11 Big Sale with Stray Kids on Nov. 11 at 7 p.m. The show will be livestreamed on Shopee Live and Shopee Indonesia’s YouTube channel. It will also air on local television stations, namely RCTI, MNCTV, SCTV, Indosiar and ANTV.

The show includes a “Chit-Chat” session where Stray Kids members will answer questions from STAY (fans of Stray Kids) via Shopee Indonesia’s social media platforms, as well as interactive games and promotions. The show will also feature Indonesian singers and influencers, including Betrand Peto, Tiara Andini, Nella Kharisma, Atta Halilintar and Aurel Hermansyah.

Stray Kids leader Bang Chan said the group was excited and proud to be a part of Shopee Indonesia. “We believe that we wouldn’t be here today without our fans’ support. We promise to give special collaborations and performances for STAY in Indonesia,” Bang Chan said in a statement.

Handhika Jahja, director of Shopee Indonesia, said the decision to choose the members of Stray Kids as the platform's ambassadors was based on customers’ strong interest in K-pop. “We’ve noticed that Stray Kids fits our values and character: young, creative and passionate. Through this collaboration, we’ll hopefully be able to reach fans of Stray Kids and K-pop,” Handhika said.

Launched in 2015, Shopee is a popular e-commerce platform in Southeast Asia and Taiwan. It has named renowned celebrities and athletes as brand ambassadors, including the late Didi Kempot and Cristiano Ronaldo. (wir/wng)Jihoon Lee’s unemployment has been a subject of many discussions about the 90 Day Fiancé star. The Korean man’s ex-wife Deavan Clegg was always stressed out by him having no job, while Jihoon’s followers are often seen asking him to “get a job.” While the TLC celeb might have found himself a food delivery gig, Jihoon’s recent string of plastic surgeries hints at bigger plans. And after watching the 90 Day Fiancé celeb’s karaoke skills, many fans believe Jihoon might just be a K-Pop star in the making!

90 Day Fiancé Fans will remember Deavan’s claims about spending almost $50k on Jihoon during their relationship. Upon her arrival in South Korea, Deavan, 23, had also learned that not only had Jihoon, 31, lied to her about having a job that paid well but that he also had a huge debt. Jihoon had admitted to taking up part-time jobs as he loved to nap, further angering Deavan. 90 Day Fiancé fans had then commented snide remarks on Jihoon’s Instagram, after which he’d abused them and deactivated his account. However, Jihoon’s redeeming arc soon came on 90 Day Fiancé: The Other Way, and he’s also found himself a job delivering pizza and subs. Still, Jihoon’s new IG video has fans thinking he could be training for an alternative career in music.

Related: 90 Day Fiancé: Why Deavan & Jihoon Scenes Should Be Cut From The Other Way

Recently, Jihoon has been on an Instagram posting spree with each post either showing off his shocking new cosmetic surgeries, or heart-wrenching pictures of baby Taeyang. The 90 Day Fiancé star saying, “when can I see you again?” on Taeyang’s photo moved his followers to tears, so when Jihoon went Instagram LIVE from a karaoke bar, many saw it as a cry for help. But, Jihoon later posted the same LIVE as an IGTV video, which has garnered multiple comments from fans who think he’s got some serious singing skills.

“Jihoon is secretly a trainee,” joked a fan who thinks Jihoon is training to become an idol like the boys from South Korea’s BTS or EXO. Another 90 Day Fiancé fan posted, “That sounds amazing! I think you should pursue a singing career,” and one of Jihoon’s supporters wrote, “Jihoon is going to be the next K-Pop star.” However, many fans feel that Jihoon flaunting his vocal prowess is actually the “funniest thing” they’ve ever seen. And obviously, there’s always the stray “Get a real job” comment that one can always find on the 90 Day Fiancé star’s page.

When the 90 Day Fiancé fan community first saw Jihoon’s new look with a nose job, cheek fillers, eyebrow tattoos, and more, many felt that he was doing it to look better on his YouTube channel. A few fans also questioned him how he had the money for surgeries, but not to spend on his ex-wife Deavan and son. Jihoon had later admitted to going under the knife as Deavan had left him for being “a nobody.” But while the 90 Day Fiancé star continues to claim that Chris AKA Topher Park is out to replace him, looks like Jihoon too is trying to be more like the accountant who’s been an actor and a model with singing videos online.

Next: 90 Day Fiancé: Fans Shocked By How Different Jihoon Looks After Plastic Surgery

90 Day Fiancé: The Other Way airs Sundays at 8pm EST on TLC.Praised by Girls’ Generation choreographer Lia Kim and tapped by Park Jin-young, JYP Entertainment’s founder, Momo is a talented dancer who’s well-loved by her fansJust about any fan can tell you that K-pop doesn’t mess around when it comes to making music videos. They never hesitate to incorporate flashy digital effects or zany costumes that make a statement and stand out from the crowd. So it only makes sense that K-pop music videos regularly tread into psychedelic territory. Although there are plenty of ultra trippy music videos out there, this list focuses on those that tend to rely on lighting effects, bold colors, and kinetic transitions — rather than absurd, nonsensical imagery — to create mesmerizingly beautiful psychedelic experiences.

Without further ado, let’s dive right in!

“Got That Boom” is dizzying and dazzling, thanks to its streaky, somewhat blown highlights that make everything feel a little out of focus, plus the girls’ sequin-heavy outfits. Digital effects are interspersed smartly as well, making it seem almost as if the members themselves are glitching out inside their LED paradise.

“GUNSHOT” takes colorful, psychedelic goodness and mixes it with something that is devilishly dark, giving the music video an almost nightmarish vibe. The shots of Jiwoo, in particular, make this music video extra chilling, due to the way she resembles a phantasm stemming from a sleep terror, if not something more horrifying.

Celestial views and ocean waves double exposed over Hyolyn give “Blue Moon” an ethereal vibe, which is enhanced by the song’s undulating synth line. Meanwhile, the supernova-like hallucinatory imagery during Changmo’s verse adds an extra layer of out-of-this-worldness that really hits the spot.

This may not exactly be K-pop in the typical sense, but it seems almost criminal to not mention something from Dream Perfect Regime (if you know, you know). The shots of DPR CREAM jamming out on the keyboard are especially psychedelic, though this music video has plenty of other surreal scenes throughout.

The combination of disorienting perspective shifts and a rippling, color-shifting overhead LED display makes “Jungle” quite the mind-bending watch. The recurring motif of outstretched hands grasping for that which is just out of reach also contributes to this music video’s trippy feel, not to mention it adds an air of creepiness.

“Sunset” makes great use of double vision effects, high contrast shots, and a rainbow of brilliant colors to create a captivating experience that fluctuates between being Seoul Fashion Week-ready and delirium-inducing. The juxtaposition of low light scenes and blindingly vibrant monochrome ones is particularly nice, as it makes this music video all the more dynamic.

While this music video probably won’t help you actually achieve Nirvana, it’s sure to make your head spin all the same, what with its intoxicating transitions and effects that distort both Ravi and the landscape around him. Plus, the use of vivid colors pulled straight from a lucid dream lends “Nirvana” a picturesque atmosphere that feels otherworldly yet familiar.

One needs only to look at the thumbnail of this music video to know it’s a real visual treat, and not just because of the NCT U boys themselves. “Make A Wish (Birthday Song)” pulls viewers into an alternate dimension, periodically using fisheye perspective and gorgeous kaleidoscopic effects, along with striking colors, to produce a wondrous, topsy-turvy realm.

Though this is technically a concept trailer, not a true music video, it’s far too enchanting to not include here. It’s amazing how projected graphics and clever camerawork transform the simple canvas of a white room into an ever-changing dreamlike landscape, with the finishing touch being the members’ seemingly gravity-defying movements.

The soft bloom effect and luminous color scheme used in “EYEZ EYEZ,” along with the occasional distortion effect, give this music video a lovely iridescent, hazy look all around. Where this music video really shines, though, is during the intro and verses, especially when the shots melt and blur together as if being washed away by waves.

Part astral fantasy, part warehouse rave, “Roller Coaster” is a stimulating watch from beginning to end. Though I prefer the shots where Chungha and her dancers don sparkling jackets amidst a blizzard of multi-colored orbs, the radioactive neon outfits are also quite the psychedelic sight, particularly when combined with glow-in-the-dark makeup.

At times, this music video feels like a work of modern art fit for MoMA, especially when radiant roses creep their way up BoA’s leg, or when rich, abstract designs spill across her face. Not only that, but the concentric designs that cover the floor during the indoor dance scenes add another dimension to this music video, creating an optical illusion-like effect.

“I Wish” feels like a pleasant daydream, thanks to its Lisa Frank color palette and cotton candy skies. Though it may not be the most awe-inducing of the bunch, partly due to its general lack of frenetic effects, this music video nevertheless has a certain psychedelic quality that will leave you wondering if unicorns might be real after all.

Ghosting, strobing colors, stuttering frames — as far as psychedelic effects go, you name it, this music video’s got it. In fact, there’s so much going on in “Callin'” that some may find it a little too chaotic, possibly to the point of being headache-triggering. That said, the wild, jumbled nature of this music video is precisely what makes it so spectacularly psychotropic and entrancing.

“MORE & MORE” takes all the vibrancy and movement of a kaleidoscope and channels it into TWICE, creating a swirl of colors and patterns that clash yet perfectly complement each other at the same time. The effects used during the first chorus and the bridge are especially eye-catching and bewitchingly trippy.

Which psychedelic music videos do you find visually stunning? Let us know in the comments below!

seheee is a software engineer by day and an avid K-pop concert goer by night. She also occasionally makes an appearance on Twitter (@_seheee).Park Ji Sun meninggal diduga karena bunuh diri pada 2 November 2020 di kediamannya, Mapo Gu, Seoul.

Sejumlah figur publik di Korea dikenal dekat dengannya karena kepribadiannya.

Bahkan sejumlah selebriti membatalkan acara mereka untuk menghormati Park Ji Sun.

Para selebriti pun sangat bersedih atas kematiannya.

Baca juga: Fakta Meninggalnya Park Ji Sun, Sempat Sakit, Diduga Bunuh Diri Bersama Ibu, Tinggalkan Surat Pesan

Baca juga: Komedian Park Ji Sun & Ibunya Ditemukan Meninggal di Rumah, Sempat Tinggalkan Surat Pesan

Polisi masih menyelidiki kematiannya yang dilaporkan Ayah Park Ji Sun ini.

Beredar kabar jika Park Ji Sun dikabarkan tengah menjalani pengobatan untuk suatu penyakit.

Belum diketahui apakah penyakit tersebut apakah ada hubungannya dengan kematiannya.

Sesudah kabar meninggalnya komedian Park Ji Sun dan sang ibu, para selebritas Korea Selatan mengungkapkan rasa duka mereka melalui media sosial.SEVENTEEN had an incredibly successful year in Japan!

On November 27, HMV—one of Japan’s leading music retailers—revealed its year-end rankings of the best-selling albums of 2020.

SEVENTEEN dominated the K-pop list for 2020, sweeping the top four spots on the list (and claiming five out of the top ten).

The group’s hit Japanese single “Fallin’ Flower,” which went double platinum in May and broke records as it topped the Oricon charts earlier this year, topped this year’s rankings at No. 1. No. 2 went to SEVENTEEN’s Korean mini album “Heng:garæ,” while their Japanese mini album “24H” came in at No. 3 and their recent Korean special album “; [Semicolon]” followed at No. 4.

SEVENTEEN also claimed No. 10 on the list with the Kit version of their 2019 Korean album “An Ode.”

Check out the full list of this year’s top 20 below!
• BTS’s “Map of the Soul: 7 ~The Journey~”

Congratulations to all of the artists!Um episódio de um reality show coreano mostrou elementos da banda feminina de K-pop Blackpink com um panda recém-nascido nos braços. Parece tudo bem até os fãs chineses do grupo se ofenderem com o modo como as artistas seguram aquilo que consideram um tesouro nacional. O alarido foi de tal ordem que as imagens foram retiradas.

As relações entre os dois países vizinhos andam tensas no que diz respeito às reacções em relação às atitudes tomadas pelas bandas de música coreanas. O mês passado os BTS foram criticados pelos comentários feitos relativamente à Guerra da Coreia e a banda de K-pop — que neste domingo conquistou quatro galardões nos prémios europeus de música do canal de televisão MTV — viu alguns dos seus contratos com marcas caírem e produtos de merchandising serem retirados de sites chineses.

Fu Bao, o primeiro panda nascido na Coreia do Sul, foi apresentado ao público na semana passada. Os pais de Fu Bao chegaram ao país em 2016, oriundos da província chinesa de Sichuan, lar dos pandas gigantes, como parte da “diplomacia do panda” da China.

As Blackpink foram visitar o bebé e publicaram um vídeo no YouTube no início deste mês, mas os comentários nos meios de comunicação social e nas redes sociais chinesas não se fizeram esperar. As condenações surgem porque as cantoras tocaram na cria com as mãos, sem qualquer protecção, além de terem demasiada maquilhagem, o que pode ser uma ameaça à saúde do pequeno panda.

Na terça-feira, o vídeo já tinha milhões de visualizações e 55 mil posts no Weibo (o Twitter chinês) com a hashtag “Blackpink fizeram mal em tocar no filhote de panda”. Do outro lado da fronteira, na Coreia do Sul, as hashtags “Blackpink” e “panda” também foram usadas no Twitter, durante o fim-de-semana, mas para dizer às autoridades do país que devolvam os pandas à China, pois são caros de sustentar.

Este filme era apenas um teaser pois o episódio completo seria transmitido no passado sábado mas acabou por ser adiado. A agência da banda contesta as críticas e refere que quando as jovens conheceram o bebé panda, todos os elementos da banda usaram luvas, máscaras e roupa adequada.Psy (pictured) in the video of the viral 2012 hit Gangnam Style. The South Korean singer is teaming up with J.Y. Park of JYP Entertainment on a new boy band project.The glamourous K-pop industry is ever-alluring, even as thousands of teens audition to become a trainee every year, but only a handpicked few can crack the peer pressure associated with the auditions to enter a group. To make millions of teenage dreams true, a brand new project has been launched by P Nation’s Psy and JYP entertainment’s CEO Park Jin Young, in collaboration with SBS.



A report on November 2, revealed that the duo will be launching auditions for two new boy groups through a brand new SBS survival program called ‘LOUD’. The show intends to create two worldwide boy groups representing diversity and different colors of the groups as their tagline says, “Quiet people have the loudest minds.”



As a bonus, the audition program will be open to not just singers and dancers but to anyone who shares an interest in composing lyrics, playing musical instruments, or other artistic abilities. To download the audition form, click here.

The audition is open to any male teenager who can dance, sing, rap, compose lyrics or play any musical instruments. Plus those who love to show magic or practice any performative art form can apply for the auditions as well. They have to be born after the year 2000 regardless of nationality.

To apply for LOUD, download the audition form the official website. Make a short video within 2 minutes to show your talent. If you wish to show more than one talent, you can upload up to three videos with the application. Another self-introduction video of 30 seconds should be added which has been shot under bright lighting preferably near a window, focusing the camera on the upper body, this will not be counted with the talent videos. You also need to attach a self-portrait with the application. Send all the attached media to the email address mentioned in the form. Make sure to send the email containing all the necessary attachments.

Use default video mode to shoot the talent videos as well as the introduction video

The application process for the audition has already started from November 2nd and will continue till December 31st, 2020. 



Netizens have mixed reactions about the project as some celebrated the collaboration by tweeting, “JYP and PSY (PNation) making a worldwide open audition to their new Boy Group Loud.. That's amazing! Best of lucks to all participants!” while others are more skeptical about the move, stating “sbs and jyp = boy group? yikes. if it were just psy, i would've had some other thoughts…”

Another user wrote, “i don't get it I thought Psy's p nation was sort of the anti-mainstream of K-pop? The one looking for art and not money Why would his next move be collabing with the most mainstream kpop producer and releasing a boy group (which is the most mainstream thing) ??”

Currently, JYP Entertainment has some of the biggest Kpop boy bands under its name dominating the charts while Psy’s P Nation has signed soloists like Jessi, Hyuna, and Dawn under its name in 2019. Earlier this year, Psy also shared a picture with BTS' V aka Kim Taehyung on Instagram leaving armies to speculate a possibility of future collaboration. Officially, nothing of sort has been confirmed as of yet.K-pop es un género musical que incluye diversos estilos como la música dance electrónica, hip hop, rap, rock o R&B, y que se refiere específicamente a la música popular de Corea del Sur.

El K-pop en el mercado japonés a principios del siglo XXI y rápidamente se convirtió en una subcultura entre los adolescentes y adultos jóvenes de Asia. Lista creada por Chiquitin.Seorang mantan anggota girl group BaBa yang dikenal bernama Seungha kini banting setir ke profesi lain. Ia memutuskan untuk terjun ke dalam industri film dewasa.

Hal ini diungkapkan wanita berusia 20 tahun itu dalam video YouTube Sexual Life TV. Bahkan berbeda dari pekerjaan sebelumnya, kini Seungha yang bekerja sebagai aktris film dewasa itu dibayar mahal sekitar Rp 283 juta dan sudah tampil dalam 40 film dalam dua bulan.

"Setiap aktris bisa berbeda-beda tapi mereka mempertimbangkan bahwa aku orang baru yang sebelumnya adalah idol girl group. Aku dibayar dengan harga setara mobil sedan Korea per film," ujarnya.

Sebenarnya apa yang mendorong seseorang memilih menjadi pemain film dewasa?

"Motif seseorang dalam berperilaku tentu saja berbeda beda. Mengapa seseorang memilih di jalan ini bisa karena beberapa hal," kata psikolog klinis dari Pro Help Center Nuzulia Rahma Tristinarum saat dihubungi detikcom, Jumat (20/11/2020).

Rahma mengatakan, salah satu dari beberapa motif atau alasan seseorang beralih profesi menjadi pemain film dewasa adalah karena kebutuhan ekonomi. Seperti halnya yang dialami Seungha, setelah menjadi pemain film dewasa ia mendapat pendapatan yang lebih besar dari sebelumnya.

Selain itu, Rahma juga mengungkap motif lainnya yang mendorong orang melakukan hal tersebut yaitu:
• Keinginan gaya hidup, sehingga ingin uang banyak dalam waktu singkat dan cara yang mudah
• Tidak memiliki keahlian lain dalam mencari pekerjaanBirthdays constitute milestones in our lives. With every year, there are so many things to reflect on: habits to leave behind, decisions to be made, life goals, and so on. Basically, birthdays can be our own personal new year.

Birthdays have also been the topic of many K-pop songs, each representing the artist’s perspective of either their passing or upcoming year, and sometimes a mix of both. Here is a selection of songs that can guide you in your own birthday reflection.

“New birthday, new me” is one of the most common birthday mindsets, and Somi knows a thing or two about it. According to her, feeling reborn, free, and being a completely updated version of yourself is something to keep in mind as you celebrate your merry day.

iKON definitely knows how to be young, wild, and free. Through this jam, the group sends a message saying that as you get older, you must make the most of your youth and live a little, even if this means being carefree at times. This advice from the boys is to keep in mind at all times. After all, you only live once!

IU is famous for birthday songs that she releases in celebration of her newly-achieved milestones every year or so. This one hits deep because she not only addresses the existential crisis many find themselves in as they get in touch with reality, but she also speaks from a personal point of view about what she faced at the age of 23.

Sometimes, the best thing we can be appreciative of is ourselves. NU’EST addresses it in their song through the eyes of the people surrounding the birthday person and heartwarmingly celebrating their existence. Self-love and self-appreciation should be practiced every day of the year, but one should definitely max out on this practice on their birthdays.

Aging is an inevitable realization that hits us every single year. Through this song, B.A.P makes you think about growing old with your loved ones. They also highlight how heartwarming it is to have someone by your side as you add another candle to your birthday cake every year.

Remember the wish you make before you blow out your birthday candles? Sometimes that wish is a dream you want so bad that you’ll do whatever it takes to see it through. NCT U encourages you to leave your comfort zone and reach a better place.

Being the life of the party, Jay Park and the gang are here to tell you that your birthday is a checkpoint in life that allows you to switch the worry button off and appreciate all the good things such as family, friends, and even hard work that pays off. Moreover, you need to enjoy the present moment and get ready to kickstart a new day tomorrow.

Youngsters often think that hitting 30 means their youth is over. What they don’t know is that being 30 is just an age, not a statement. Rain definitely knows how to be 30, fresh, and young in this jam.

Epik High always makes us reflect on the tiniest details. In this track, they highlight how many things change with age, including parting ways with acquaintances and feeling insecure about one’s existence. They also point out that even birthday celebrations are not the same every year.

Which birthday song speaks to you most? Let us know in the comments below.TWICE is really owning the spotlight this November!

The Korean Business Research Institute has recently revealed the brand reputation rankings for female idol groups for November. Based on its latest list, Asia’s top girl group TWICE has risen as the top K-pop girl group.

The rankings are based on various factors including consumer participation, media, communication, and community indices analyzed by the organization. Particularly, it extracted a total of 45,569,915 pieces of data among numerous girl groups from October 7 to November 7.

With an impressive 77.67 percent increase in their score since October, TWICE was able to reclaim the top spot this November. The well-loved nonet obtained a brand reputation index of 5,479,720.

Some of the high-ranking phrases in the group’s keyword analysis are “Chaeyoung”, their newest bop “I CAN’T STOP ME”, and “YouTube”. The words such as “dating”, “return”, and “surpass” are likewise present as the girls’ high-ranking related terms.

Following closely at the second place is BLACKPINK. The femme fatale quartet scored a brand reputation index of 5,295,467.
• 4 Valuable Lessons We Learned From The “BLACKPINK: Light Up The Sky” Documentary

Coming in at the third spot is MAMAMOO. The multi-talented girl group maintained their ranking after recording a brand reputation index of 3,481,954.

Rounding up our top-five list this November are (G)I-DLE and Oh My Girl. (G)I-DLE took fourth place with a 2,503,905 brand reputation index, while Oh My Girl grabbed the fifth spot with 2,397,807.

Check out the other K-pop girl groups who entered the Top 30 this November:Korea Selatan, adalah salah satu negara yang penduduknya memiliki keyakinan terhadap agama tertentu. Namun, diantara mereka ternyata ada yang tidak percaya Tuhan

Bukan hanya masyarakatnya saja, hal ini terjadi pada idol KPop yang ada di negara tersebut. Beberapa dari mereka, terang terangan mengaku tidak memiliki agama untuk diyakini.

Meskipun begitu, mereka tetap menjadi seorang idol yang baik dan menghargai satu sama lain. Siapa sajakah mereka? Cek halaman selanjutnya ya.Jakarta, CNBC Indonesia -Seorang mantan idol di negeri Kpop kini menjadi pemain film dewasa. Ia bernama Seungha yang dulu tergabung dalam grup girl band BaBa.



Kenyataan ini terungkap lewat laman Youtube Sexual Live TV. BaBa sendiri tak begitu terkenal di Korea Selatan (Korsel).





"Aku menjadi seorang pemain film dewasa. Aku bermain 40 film dalam waktu dua bulan," ujarnya sebagaimana dikutip dari Koreaboo, Sabtu (21/11/2020).



Menurutnya pendapatan yang ia terima justru lebih baik daripada saat menjadi idol. Ia mengaku dibayar setara mobil.





"Aku dibayar dengan harga yang setara dengan mobil sedan Korea per filmnya," lanjutnya."



Saat ini Seungja baru berumur 20 tahun. Ia lahir tahun 2000. Ia keluar dari grup setahun setelah debut.



Dari kprofiles.com, diketahui kalau BaBa adalah grup di bawah PR Entertainment. Grup mengeluarkan single 'Catch Me' di Februari 2016.



Grup ini awalnya berisi 15 orang. Namun saat ini tinggal lima, terdiri dari Pureum, Starlight, Chaeha, Seyul, Sooreem dan Johwa.The artist ColorTheBen dropped his new song on 13th November, attracting the worldwide hiphop community. The MV shows things we are not as used seeing in typical K-MVs such as cigarettes or a bottle of alcohol, but that does not take away the charm of the song. The artist´s voice has a unique color which is easy to listen to and lures people to hitting that “play again” button.

What are your thoughts about this new track?K-pop fans in the country and abroad have launched different donation drives and awareness on social media to help the Philippines, which has been ravaged by recent typhoons “Ulysses” (“Vamco”) and “Rolly” (“Goni”).

Fans of Eric Nam in the Philippines donated to Tulong Kabataan España, which the K-pop star acknowledged by tweeting, “My fans are absolutely incredible. #NamNation #Philippines #namnationph.”

As the country reels from the devastation, the hashtags #CagayanNeedsHelp, #TuguegaraoNeedsHelp and #PampangaNeedsHelp trended on Twitter.

The Philippine K-pop Convention Inc. (PKCI) @kpopconph and affiliated Pinoy K-pop fan clubs launched a donation drive.

“We knock once again on your good hearts to extend a hand in helping our kababayans affected by the recent typhoons,” according to PKCI, adding that most immediate needs for donation are slippers, face masks, face shields, canned goods and pet foods.

Several fanbases of K-pop superstars BTS have started their own drives on Twitter including ARMY Fanbase Cavite @army_cavite, BTS ARMY PH @btsaph130613, Bangtan Boys Philippines @bangtanboysph and ARMY Bayanihan @ARMYBayanihan.

Also launching their own donation efforts include BLACKPINKFUNDS_PH @BPFUNDS_PH, NCT PHILIPPINES @NCT_Philippines, CHENLE PHILIPPINES @NCTChenlePH and 17CARAT; Project Drive @17caratDrive.

Last Nov. 5, Korea’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that the Korean government will provide $200,000 in humanitarian assistance to the Philippines after it was hit by typhoon “Rolly.”

“The assistance will be provided through the Philippine Red Cross, and the ROK [Republic of Korea] government hopes that its immediate aid would help Filipinos affected by the typhoon swiftly return to their daily lives,” according to the foreign ministry.

According to a report by the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC), as of Nov. 14, a total of 37 dead, 22 injured and 15 missing were reported in Region II or Cagayan Valley, CALABARZON or Region IV-A, and Cordillera Administrative Region (CAR). There were also 173 incidents of flooding and 38 landslides/soil collapse.

The NDRRMC said 285,978 families or 1.1 million people in 3,811 barangays in Regions 1, II, III, CALABARZON, MIMAROPA or Region IV-B, Region V, National Capital Region and CAR were affected including 80,858 families or 306,340 people in 2,983 evacuation centers.

Damage to agriculture in Regions I, II III, CALABARZON, V and CAR was estimated at P999.87 million.Seorang wanita yang dulu dikenal sebagai idol grup Korea Selatan, Seungha BaBa, kini dikenal sebagai seorang bintang film dewasa.

Sebelumnya, Seungha sendiri tergabung dalam idol grup BaBa yang tak lagi aktif karena nama grupnya tak terlalu dikenal banyak orang.

Usai idol grupnya bubar, Seungha pun akhirnya mengungkapkan profesinya sebagai bintang film dewasa ke publik lewat laman YouTube Sexual Life TV.

"Aku menjadi seorang pemain film dewasa. Kira-kira aku sudah bermain dalam 40 film dewasa dalam waktu dua bulan," ujarnya dikutip dari Koreaboo.

Mengejutkannya, ia mengatakan bahwa pendapatannya sebagai aktris film dewasa sangat tinggi ketimbang ia masih menjadi seorang idol grup.

"Mungkin setiap aktris berbeda-beda tapi mereka akan mempertimbangkan bahwa aku adalah orang baru yang sebelumnya adalah idol girl grup. Aku dibayar dengan harga yang setara dengan mobil sedan Korea per filmnya," lanjutnya.

Seungha sendiri pertama kali debut saat baru lulus dari SMA dan memutuskan berhenti menjadi idol grup usai setahun bergabung.

Kini, ia bangga dengan pekerjaan barunya sebagai bintang film dewasa.NCSOFT’s new entertainment multi-platform UNIVERSE unveiled its second planet! Its residents are none other than the global K-pop icons MONSTA X!

A new global platform is on its way to K-pop fans and it is called UNIVERSE. It started revealing the artists that will be joining it and the latest name is getting many fans excited. The talented “love killas” MONSTA X is the latest runner to open their own planet!

On November 13, UNIVERSE announced that MONSTA X will also be joining its growing platform. Through it, the group will share various contents and will communicate with their fans around the world in real-time.

UNIVERSE is a new type of K-pop entertainment platform that allows users to enjoy various online and offline fandom activities anytime through mobile devices. In particular, it is expected to provide a new experience for global fans who support K-pop artists. The platform will also introduce different features and content.

With the reveal of a new artist, UNIVERSE also shared about another one of its features called “STUDIO”. This function allows users to decorate their favorite artists’ characters and produce music videos. Fans can style the characters by choosing their hair, costumes and props.

In addition, they can also decide on their own lighting, background and camera angle to produce a music video. The artists participate directly in the creation of the characters through motion capture and body scan.

MONSTA X has been garnering a lot of popularity ever since their debut in 2015, with powerful performances and overwhelming stage presence. Specifically, the group released a full English album in the US earlier this year, titled All About Luv. It impressively ranked Number 5 on Billboard’s main album chart – Billboard 200.

The boys also attended the US’s TIME magazine’s TIME100 Talks event as the only performer. As such global representative group, MONSTA X’s joining of UNIVERSE is drawing keen attention.

The group recently topped music broadcast shows with their latest comeback and continue to prove their global popularity. They will show even more charms through the new platform.

UNIVERSE started pre-registrations on its official site on November 12 and is scheduled to be released in the global market early next year. More information can be found on the official website.
• MONSTA X Gives An Insight Into Their Impressive Comeback Album “FATAL LOVE”Large K-pop labels that have almost recovered from their pandemic losses thanks to strong album sales and successful virtual concerts are now turning their eyes to a more futuristic idea – avatar idols.

Over the past month, Big Hit Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and YG Entertainment have made separate investments, worth a combined 17 billion won ($15.3 million), in Naver Z, the developer of the avatar app Zepeto. It is rare for the rival firms to have a stake in the same company.

Naver Z is a spin-off company of Naver’s augmented reality selfie app Snow. As of October, its Zepeto app boasts 190 million users worldwide, among which 90 percent come from outside South Korea.

The firm’s technological prowess and its strong backer Naver, the nation’s largest and most powerful internet portal, seem to have caught the eyes of the K-pop labels eager to monetize their crucial IP assets for new revenue sources.

Big Hit invested 7 billion won to secure a stake in the company, while JYP and YG each invested 5 billion won.

Users also responded positively to their early collaborations.

BLACKPINK’s avatar version of its “Ice Cream” music video garnered over 35 million views over two months, while Twice’s recent avatar dance performance trailer amassed 1.7 million views in just a week.

In the meantime, their crosstown rival S.M. Entertainment has paved its own way for a virtual push. In August, the firm secured 100 billion won worth of funding from Naver to jointly develop virtual K-pop services like virtual concerts and fan meetups.

Adding to that, the firm is debuting its latest girl group aespa on Tuesday. Keen attention is being paid to the group not just because they are the first S.M. girl group to debut in six years, but also because they are coming with their own very unique avatar selves.

The four members – Karina, Winter, Giselle and Ninging – are connected to their avatars – ae-Karina, ae-Weinter, ae-Giselle and ae-Ningning – coming together in a virtual universe.

Read also: ‘League of Legends’ virtual K-pop group is back after two-year hiatus

The label hinted that the human bandmates and their avatars could perform on stage or attend key events together, with more experimental projects coming using its virtual platforms like Beyond Live.

Will this avatar rush become mainstream in K-pop?

Experts agree virtual characters like avatars are more seriously embraced by younger music fans -- especially Gen Z, born in the late 1990s and after, today‘s target audience for K-pop.

“Gen Z started to use smartphones shortly after they were born. They find no need to compare avatars to real-life idols but just enjoy them for their unique experience,” Gwak Geum-ju, psychology professor at Seoul National University, told The Korea Herald.

“They seem willing to communicate with their favorite idols in whatever forms they choose. For K-pop labels, avatar idols are also easier to control and cost-effective.”

Culture critic Ha Jae-geun, however, was cautious about the immediate success of avatar idols, saying related technologies need to mature over time.

“For me, it’s still awkward to see the avatar characters. It would take some time for them to boast their own charm,” he said.

“There is no limit to what avatars can do. They can be easily adapted into other industries such as gaming and animation. Although they may be less popular than humans, they have more potential in terms of business expansion,” he said.Kapanlagi.com - Meski terhalang oleh pandemi Covid-19, festival kreatif terbesar di Indonesia Ideafest tetap digelar tahun ini. Berbeda dari sebelumnya, Ideafest kali ini dilangsungkan secara daring dengan menghadirkan pembicara yang nggak kalah menarik.

Salah satu yang dinanti adalah personil Secret Number, Dita Karang. Usai menjalani trainee dan debut menjadi idol, ternyata Dita masih menghadapi banyak tantangan lho. Apa saja?

"Tantangan terbesar menurutku to keep going meski secara fisik dan mental capek. Setiap aku merasa down, aku selalu ingat kenapa aku memulai ini dan melihat seberapa jauh aku berjuang. Kalau udah kembali ke mindset itu, aku bisa lebih positif menjalani aktivitas aku," ujar Dita Karang, seperti dilansir dari Ideafest 2020, Minggu (15/10/2020).

Berjuang sebagai seorang seorang idol Kpop dari Indonesia tentu tidak mudah, terutama jika mengingat kalau dua negara ini punya culture yang berbeda. Namun untungnya hal ini tidak dialami oleh Dita Karang. Berjuang sebagai seorang seorang idol Kpop dari Indonesia tentu tidak mudah, terutama jika mengingat kalau dua negara ini punya culture yang berbeda. Namun untungnya hal ini tidak dialami oleh Dita Karang. "Culture shock nggak terlalu terpengaruh ke aku karena mind set aku di sini untuk belajar. Aku ke sini siap menyerap semuanya, mulai dari makanan, lifestyle, bahasa. Aku kayak terbuka aja, aku ke sini dengan open mind, open heart," ungkapnya.

2. Soal Beauty Standard di Korea Selain perbedaan budaya, negeri Korea Selatan dikenal memiliki standar kecantikan cukup tinggi. Namun sejauh pengalaman Dita Karang menjalani trainee dan debut di sana, ia bersyukur karena tak pernah mengalami hal negatif. Selain perbedaan budaya, negeri Korea Selatan dikenal memiliki standar kecantikan cukup tinggi. Namun sejauh pengalaman Dita Karang menjalani trainee dan debut di sana, ia bersyukur karena tak pernah mengalami hal negatif. "Thankfully, aku nggak merasa insecure dengan beauty standard di industri ini. Karena dari pengalaman pribadiku sejauh ini positif dan aku sangat bersyukur soal itu. Menurutku pada akhirnya semua kembali ke mindset, kita sebagai perempuan harus percaya diri dan bahagia dengan badan kita," papar wanita berusia 23 tahun ini.Kang Daniel has won the 2020 APAN MUSIC AWARDS Popularity Award for Male Solo in two categories including Korea and overseas dominating the award nominations with overall 5 wins. Meanwhile, BTS' V has been crowned as the producer of the best OST with ‘Sweet Night’ etching yet another milestone with the song.



The 2020 APAN Music Awards is hosted by the Korea Entertainment Management Association and revealed the winners of all top categories throughout last week. Kang Daniel emerged victorious for the most popular male solo artist both in Korea and overseas while IU is taking home the trophy of the most popular female solo in Korea. BTS' V aka Kim Taehyung has received the award of most popular OST (original soundtrack) for ‘Sweet Night’ which was a track the singer made for 'Itaewon Class', a Netflix series starring Park Seo Joon.

Hwasa from Mamamoo has received the title of most popular female solo outside Korea, BTS snatched the title of most popular male group in home country Korea while Seventeen got the most popular male group overseas. The most popular female group in Korea is IZ*ONE while the most popular female group outside Korea is BLACKPINK, the award show revealed.

Additionally, the 2020 APAN Music awards for the Hottest Top10 went to Kang Daniel, The Boyz, MONSTA X, BTS, SEVENTEEN, IZ*ONE, Lim Young-woong, GOT7, NCT127 and TWICE.

Along with the Male popularity award, Kang Daniel has also snagged the Best Performance award which was decided solely on popular voting. Fans are ecstatic at the results as they believe 2020 has been bliss to watch Kang Daniel grow. A fan posted, “Obviously, if other Music Awards are fair enough to categorize the Popularity Award for Solo and Group separately just like this then Kang Daniel as a male soloist would dominate this prize. P/s: Soribada and AAA better learn from this!”

Another simply said, “i’m so proud of you.” A Kang Daniel based fan-group posted that winning both the popular category awards sums up the singer’s total award count for the season so far to 7. It read, “YEAR END AWARDS: APAN AWARDS: Popularity Award Male Solo: Korea, Overseas, KT Seezn Award-Singer, Top 10, Best Performer. 2020 Asia Artist Awards: Asia Celebrity Award-Singer, Best Musician Award-Male.”

Kang Daniel is also nominated in 5 categories for MAMA, the Mnet Asian Music Awards, deemed as Asia’s biggest award show set to happen on December 6. The nominations include Best Male Artist, Best Solo Dance Performance ("Who U Are"), Song of the Year ("Who U Are"), Artist of the Year and Worldwide Fans' Choice.Remember when Jay Park garnered attention and angered some people for making a tweet that praised BIGBANG? He tweeted, "I think BIGBANG might be the greatest boyband in K-pop history.. They got everything... Talent, character, stage presents, bops, adversity."

Well now, he talked about his favorite K-pop groups and receiving inspiration from BIGBANG in an interview with Eric Nam and DJ Wegun.Choreography is an essential part of any K-pop song. It not only completes the lyrics with its precise and interpretive moves, but it’s also a visual delight. Furthermore, many great performances have left their mark with their amazing key point dances that simply left everyone in awe.

Here is a non-exhaustive list of some of the hottest choreographies that were beautifully staged.

Our first entry is none other than EXO’s captivating performance of “Love Shot.” The dance moves are laid-back and immaculate, reflecting the intensity of the lyrics with sexy written all over them. Plus, the members pulling this performance off while wearing suits is the cherry on top.

Irene and Seulgi introduced their inner dance monster in this MV. The dance moves oscillate between seductive and fierce, with the girls wearing a poker face that pretty much sets the tone for the choreography. This leaves no room for doubt about the members’ ability to nail every routine that comes their way.

This flamboyant act comes as no surprise coming from a dancer-turned-idol. Chungha undoubtedly impressed with her latin-infused dance number, which she pulled off flawlessly. Truly, this performance spells sizzling hot.

It is fair to say that Wonho made quite a good first impression with his solo debut. While the moves could come off a bit strong, the overall view with his stage presence and charisma makes this an alluring stage that will definitely stay stuck in your mind for a while.

Hwasa often includes elements of sensuality in her dance routines, and she shines even brighter when she performs live. The video below shows a bold and foxy Hwasa taking you on a rollercoaster of emotions with her vibrant dance skills.

Ga In needs no introduction as her career encapsulates daring concepts. One such example is her comeback with “Paradise Lost,” where she introduced a choreography that is nothing short of tempting.

Taemin got the rhythm, the groove, and the sex appeal. This masterpiece of his mesmerized everyone upon its release. It is fair to say that the king of contemporary dance is also the king of breaking gender norms.

All hail the queens of sexy summer concepts. SISTAR has always brought fresh and dazzling dance moves to the table that simply dropped jaws every single time, and this one is no different. The choreography for “I Like That” is a mix of chic and seductive in a scenery that is simply ethereal.

When “Blood, Sweat, and Tears” came out, everybody lost their minds, and for good reason. Every detail of the dance routine screams delicate, sultry, and overall enchanting. While BTS is known for delivering hardcore choreographies, this one takes the throne for adding sexy to the list.

This one is for the books! The incredible glamour that emits from Sunmi as she enacts “Gashina” is simply bewitching. Every step she takes marks a statement of sensuality that she boldly flaunts on stage.

This goosebump-worthy song comes with an equally chilling choreography that brings out the sexy in (G)I-DLE with a gothic touch. The entire performance rightfully bears its name as every dance scene will have you saying “Oh My God.”

This 2014 gem undeniably owns a spot in this feature. The slow-paced choreography from Girl’s Day is truly something. The dance moves are as meticulous as they are sultry, leaving viewers speechless without a doubt.

Confidence? Check. Charisma? Check. Choreography? Double check. “Hello Bitches” is one of CL’s gutsiest dance performances, and she’s proven it every single time she took it to the stage. Plus, her sexiness shoots through the roof in the number she delivers towards the end of the performance video. That’s the baddest female for you!

Which sultry choreography is your favorite? Let us know in the comments below.MONSTA X are back and are bolder than ever in this latest release!

MONSTA X have finally unveiled what every Monbebe around the world was waiting for – their latest full-length album FATAL LOVE. The album contains everything that the stellar boy group embodies all from being poised to passionate, there is no stone that the group leaves unturned with this release.

The album brings an array of genres as listeners are treated to tunes ranging from electro-pop, hip-hop, and slow R&B tunes through the ten tracks. What makes FATAL LOVE more spectacular than ever is that each track sees the participation of the members themselves in its composition. The album is nothing short of being a masterpiece indeed.

On October 5, MONSTA X took to their official SNS to drop one of the most exciting news of the year, for Monbebes especially. They unveiled an enigmatic red and black coming soon photo teaser that showcased the face of a member hidden in the shadows, thereby piquing curiosities.

Through the image reveal, they announced the arrival of their third full-length album FATAL LOVE scheduled to release on November 2.
• MONSTA X Moves To A Lethal Yet Sweet Attack With Their Comeback Album “FATAL LOVE”

Next, furthering excitements, the boy group disclosed an equally thrilling scheduler on October 8 for fans to jot down those dates tracing to their highly awaited comeback album.

On October 14, the multitalented group unveiled an elaborate “FANTASIA X” film that saw the group connect the dots, or keys, in this case from the world of “FANTASIA X” leading to FATAL LOVE.

On October 20, MONSTA X revealed the names of the tracks on the awesome album. It also disclosed the participation of Joohoney, I.M and for the very first time, Hyungwon on some of the tracks as well as some amazing collaborations with acclaimed musicians and hitmakers like Eric Nam, Jooyoung, and LDN Noise on others.

Next, from October 22 to October 27, MONSTA X stunned with their magnetic visuals that surely enraptured hearts as they showcased some dynamic looks in each of the stills.

Starting with version 1 of concept images on October 22 and 23, the members looked fiercer than ever amidst bold red backdrops.

On October 24, the boy group shone under the spotlight and mesmerized with their breathtaking visuals in the version 4 of concept photos.
• MONSTA X Shines In New Concept Photos For Their “FATAL LOVE”

On October 25 and 26, the idols embraced their wild sides and revealed some of their most ferocious looks in version 2 of concept photos.

Before unveiling these ‘fatal’ version 3 photos on October 27 wherein they captivated in their chivalrous styles looking dapper in suave suits.
• MONSTA X Looks Dashing In New Concept Photos For “FATAL LOVE”

From looking like edgy bad boys to powerful bosses, MONSTA X showcased their matchless magnetism and more in a power-packed music video teaser for the lead track “LOVE KILLA” on October 29.

MONSTA X then piqued anticipations on November 1 with an electrifying album preview of their comeback album FATAL LOVE, giving a prepossessing sneak peek into their much-awaited album.

Containing ten ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECES, MONSTA X proves why they are indeed the epitome of versatility. From hip-hop to slow tempo beats, there is not a single track from the diverse genres in this album that the group does not shine on.

While the heart-thumping electro bass of the track is an indicator of an absolute banger, it certainly doesn’t prepare you for the grandeur of “Love Killa”.

While the dynamic synergy of MONSTA X is undeniable, there are so many standout moments that add to the thrill of the track. Starting with Joohoney cheekily asking, “Oh I’m sorry, did I make you anxious?” to I.M’s playful yet passionate rap verses with lines like, “I want you to eat me like a main dish/ It’s hot, it looks like it’s hot, hottish”, these are just some of the instances that make this track iconic.

Moreover, Shownu and Minhyuk’s compelling harmonies, Kihyun’s signature high notes, and Hyungwon’s breathy vocals particularly in the chorus add a ‘love’ly texture to the high octane rhythm. This track is an absolute ‘killa’ indeed!

What’s the best way to fuel the fire that this album builds? Why with some “GASOLINE” of course! The Latin inspired beat featuring prominent drums and electro bass is sure to get listeners in the mood to set the dance floor afire.

The lyricism is like a fervid confession of love and while the vocal line sets an ambiance filled with an air of romance with their lilting notes, the rap line turns up temperatures with their passion-filled verses.

This track is one that will burn in the memories of listeners who surely won’t be able to get enough of this groovy number.

The futuristic orchestral melody backing the members’ awesome falsettos and ad-libs make for, you guessed it, quite the ‘thrill’ing listening experience. “Ecstatic, dangerous, sweet” all that and more is how MONSTA X sounds on this addictive track with Hyungwon’s husky whisper-like vocals harmonizing with Minhyuk’s delicate vocals. Shownu shines with his crisp vocals, especially towards the bridge.

Kihyun stuns with his smooth opening lines as well as spine-tingling falsetto “Love Thriller”s. The two multitalented rappers Joohoney and I.M stir with their ensnaring verses which they execute with utmost perfection.

What an energetic track and “Guess Who” can pull such a dynamic number off with equal dynamism? It’s MONSTA X. The hard-hitting R&B beat is reflective of the track’s overall sensual vibe.

This track has quite an intriguing composition that goes from being high powered to slow-paced real quick. And that is where its beauty lies. That, and combined with the dulcet vocals that flow throughout the track are what makes this song an absolute smasher.

Let’s just agree that indeed, “Nobody Else” does it as Chae Hyungwon does! The all-round vocalist showcases his musical genius on this track in more ways than one. This track has been written and composed by Hyungwon who has done so for a MONSTA X release for the very first time.

“Nobody Else” incorporates the essence of a sophisticated pop genre piece. This is expressed using the example of the characteristics of perfume. It talks about love being like a fragrance which is intense at first but fades over time. The track is alluring with how beautiful Hyungwon sounds with his low tones, Kihyun with his high registers. Shownu’s falsetto in the chorus is sure to send chills while Minhyuk brings forth an air of sensuality with his honeyed harmonies.

Joohoney and I.M once again strike with their verses that are poetic and passionate all at once, “This ain’t knowledge, it is from the vibin’/ Scent like Laven, you just made me dive in/ The thick scent is deep as if drunk/ As if I’m addicted, I want you to love me like I do”.

MONSTA X truly has their “BEASTMODE” on in this magnificent musical masterpiece. “It’s time to wake up”, Joohoney declares and sure enough, this exciting number is enough to rouse listeners with its intense beats.

Co-written by none other than the ace musician Eric Nam himself, this collab combines the musical genius of the group as well as the singer’s and brings forth the ultimate superhit. The members embrace their ferocious side that they present with utmost fortitude on “BEASTMODE”.

Monbebe let’s just “Stand Together” and bow to this powerhouse group who are sure to set playlists afire with this blazing tune. To say that MONSTA X drip with swag on this sizzling song, would be but an understatement.

Though the melody is quite explosive with its traditional Korean string instruments merged with hip-hop sounds, what makes this track ‘stand’ out more so than ever is the witty verses. Plus it’s interesting how the melody softens to highlight Minhyuk, Hyungwon, Kihyun, and Shownu’s airy vocals before dropping that booming bass to mirror the fierceness of both I.M and Joohoney.

Hashtag, fact check, MONSTA X, is unquestionably the best best!

This is definitely that track that listeners would want on repeat throughout the ‘night’. The moment the track begins with I.M’s hushed husky notes, it’s enough to comprehend that “Night View” is a compelling and captivating tune. Hyungwon and Minhyuk’s melodious back and forth that follows simply melts with its dulcet notes.

Yet again, Shownu takes the lead on the pre-chorus wherein his subdued high notes make for a magical ambiance while Kihyun floors with his inviting falsetto singing, “Shining like a waterfall/ Shall we dance on the moonlight”, before Joohoney dominates the second half of the track with his relaxed yet riveting rap verses wherein he compares being in love with a quirky supercar analogy.

This track truly moves with its surreal electro-pop beat that creates a tranquil ambiance that makes you want to take off on a drive in the middle of a cool, breezy night.

Buckle up Monbebe, as MONSTA X are sure to take you on an evocative ride in “Last Carnival”. This track is sweet with its lyricism and is sultry with the vocal styles of the members. The snappy bass beats during the repetitive “Do it Do it” parts and the softer melody during the “Dancing with you/ (Dancin’ with you, Dancin’ Dancin’ with you)/ I keep pace with you, we’re on the moon/ Together Merry-go-round and around” verses are intriguing to simply say so.

Overall, this song is one that embodies the phrase “chill vibes” to its core that will definitely have listeners coming back for more.

Sorry I’m Not Sorry

This lulling track is unapologetically unique and serves as the perfect number to wrap up a perfect album. The melody on “Sorry, I’m Not Sorry” has a very timeless appeal to it thanks to its retro-style mellow guitar and synth beat.

Though the song carries a serene atmosphere, the lyricism spotlights that albeit with aplomb which is particularly due to the lines, “Sorry I’m not sorry/ I don’t think it’s my fault/ Sorry I’m not sorry/ I never wanna see you again”

There is no doubt that with this album MONSTA X reiterates that they are K-pop aces indeed!

While MONSTA X has always been ‘Hero’es for their fans, with FATAL LOVE they showcase a different aura to themselves. With “Love Killa,” the multi-talented group channels their devilishly handsome anti-Hero sides as they slay visually and musically.

The intense setting, the outfits, and the fierceness all scream power with the stunning choreography only adding more to the WOW factor. The music video truly leaves viewers wanting for more as they impress with this never seen and never heard before energy.

MONSTA X are the ‘love killas’ on the prowl to capture hearts with their wild charms in this magnetic music video.Yoeni Syafitri Sekar Ayoe | Irma Joanita Sabtu, 07 November 2020 | 12:08 WIB

Matamata.com - Gisella Anastasia jadi sorotan pasca video syur mirip dirinya beredar luas di media sosial. Nama Gisel pun jadi trending Twitter dan menuai ragam komentar.

Melihat banyak netizen yang kepo soal video syur mirip Gisel ini, fans K-Pop pun beramai-ramai membanjiri cuitan soal idolanya. Mereka tampak sepakat menutupi hastag Gisel dengan idol K-Pop.

@T4ESEXUAL : "#Gisel #kasiangempi Stop mengurusi privasi orang. Jangan tanya untuk link. Ini foto Hoseok terbaru,"

@haedks : "Warga lokal harus stop melihat videonya Gisel, lebih baik lihat editan soal Jasuke,"

Tiga di atas merupakan secuil di antara ribuan cuitan fans K-Pop yang ingin menutupi pencarian video syur mirip Gisel. Hal ini membuat Dennis Adhiswara memuji fans Kpop.

@OmDennis : "OK juga nih upaya komunitas KPop menyamarkan pencarian video yang lagi trending itu. Salut." tulis aktor Milly dan Mamet tersebut. Diperhatikan oleh Dennis Adhiswara hal ini juga sama seperti kejadian Chris Evans yang tak sengaja mengunggah foto syur.

Beberapa netizen pun setuju dengan cuitan Dennis Adhiswara soal fans Kpop yang menutupi pencarian video syur mirip Gisella Anastasia.

Wah, gimana nih kalau menurutmu lihat sikap fans K-Pop menutupi pencarian video syur mirip Gisel?The Korean-American teenager Candace Park downplays her K-pop fangirling, because “isn’t it so expected for the Korean girl to be super into K-pop?” So when the world’s biggest K-pop label holds auditions for its new girl group in her home state of New Jersey and she tries out on a whim, she’s shocked to be chosen for the trainee program. Though the odds of making the final cut are slim, she heads to Seoul, where she endures four months of grueling workouts, dance practices and Korean language classes. A secret crush on a cute boy and the tantalizing promise of stardom make the harsh criticism and scarce sleep bearable. But as the deadline for the final audition looms, she finds her sense of self challenged in ways she didn’t expect and doesn’t agree with. When Candace finally puts her stiletto heel down, the crack is heard round the K-pop world, resulting in a nail-biting climax that plays out thrillingly until the very last page. Lee’s Cinderella story, set to a pulsing soundtrack of Blackpink and Red Velvet, is the delectable K-pop confessional we’ve all been waiting for. Full of bright lights, big cities and glamorous photo shoots, the novel also delves into the dark side of the glitter: stalker fans, brutal social media backlash, and K-pop idol factories that churn out Instagram-ready groups who sacrifice any semblance of a normal life for a chance at fame. But it’s seeing Seoul through the eyes of Candace, an American who has to learn the rules and manners of her own cultural heritage like a tourist, that provides the rich flavor of this frothy bubble tea of a book. Sprinkled throughout with the names of current bands and songs, it’s best enjoyed before the K pops.Stray Kids' music video ‘MIROH’ has reached 100 million views on YouTube, emerging as their second music video to reach that mark on the video-sharing platform in 2020. It took 'MIROH' a year and seven months, 16 days and 11 hours to reach the milestone. In April, 'God’s Menu' became Stray Kids’ first music video to reach the 100 million views within 70 days of its release. With this achievement, the band is having multiple MVs with such huge number of views just like BTS. However, BTS have more than 20 music videos with 100 million views.

'Clé 1:MIROH', the fourth EP of Stray Kids, consisted of seven main tracks and a physical bonus track. It also brought their first win in the music show 'Mcountdown'. Stray Kids have also shown a very steady trajectory of growth which rose to top in 2020 with their 'God’s Menu', the title track from their latest album “GO生” (“GO LIVE”), crossing the 100 million threshold within 70 days of its release. The group, which now has eight members, including Bang Chan, Lee Know, Hyunjin, Changbin, Han, Felix, Seungmin and IN, started as a nine-member group. Woojin left Stray Kids in 2019 for undisclosed reasons.

In an interview earlier this year, they shared their recipe for the steady success rate. "We wanted to show... our natural thoughts, our natural music, something that's just really natural for us. That's the color we really wanted to show through this album and that's the message Stray Kids will always be," Changbin said. Stray Kids also have a hip-hop sub-unit, 3RACHA, comprising of members Bang Chan, Changbin and Han who have worked on all their tracks in the latest album where they have compared their music-making process with cooking. The group leader Bang Chan stated, "For me, I always liked to relate producing music to cooking because they're both really similar when you make something for the people to feed on and listen to," and he added “It really shows how much we think about others and how much we really want to show them what our flavors are."

Their fans, known as “STAY”, are currently celebrating their milestone 'MIROH'. A page that updates Stray Kids fans of all their achievements noted, “With [email protected]_Kids "MIROH" M/V achieving 100M views, they are now the ONLY 4th generation kpop boygroup having 2 MVs with 100M views on YouTube! Congratulations Stray Kids and Stay! #StrayKids #스트레이키즈 #StrayKids_MIROH100M #MIROH100M.”

Another chart posted, “@Stray_Kids and BTS are the only boy groups to have multiples M/Vs that surpassed 100M this year. #StrayKids_MIROH100M.” And a fan wrote, “Stayarmy’s always win. It’s what happens when you stan world and 4th gen leaders.” Another wrote, “as they should, must respect to my luvs.” “THIS IS WHAT YOU CALLED “KING BEHAVIOR,” read another tweet.

Stray Kids are also celebrating another massive win as they have bagged the awards for best Korean act in MTV’s EMA on November 8 beating ASTRO, Everglow, KARD and Victon.Ha Sung Woon pours various emotions and vocal charms in his latest album MIRAGE.

Singer Ha Sung Woon makes another beautiful mini-album, titled MIRAGE. Through the songs, he manages to show more of his music talents and colors, raising different emotions in the hearts of those who listen to it.

Ever since the singer announced his comeback plans, fans have been eagerly awaiting to see the type of music he will release. The simple yet mystical image containing the album’s name created even more excitement and began raising expectations.

Soon after, the artist unveiled his countdown schedule, which contained various content that will be released prior to MIRAGE.

Starting from October 28 and until November 7, the idol shared multiple teasers. Those included two lyrics photos which grabbed the attention with their aesthetical appeal.

Ha Sung Woon also dropped some striking concept images. He evoked a mysterious feeling through his highly artistic shots and further sparked the anticipation from his fans.

We could see the strong visual charm in each picture, from a mature monochrome to softer and “out of this world” shots.

Another poster shared that MIRAGE will contain five songs, each with a different feel and message. Moreover, the artist participated in creating all the tracks, except for his main one, “Forbidden Island”, showing his own musical colors through this release.

The album preview uploaded on November 2 presented a snippet of the songs and their different feel. Adding to the beautiful sound, unreleased shots of Ha Sung Woon were used as the background slideshow.

On November 5 and 7, the two music video teasers were also unveiled. They continued the mystical vibes set by the images and showcased beautiful and alluring shots, hinting at a promising full clip.

With the title track “Forbidden Island”, Ha Sung Woon immediately creates a faint and mysterious atmosphere. He enchants listeners with his delicate vocals which shine throughout this beautiful song. Moreover, the singer’s various charming points are seen in a single song.

Starting with a cheerful shuffle rhythm, “Candle Light” is a track with a bubbly, cute and bright atmosphere. It compares the love people feel to a shaking candle light, appealing to the ear with its melody, words and the singer’s vocals.

“2000 Miles” has a hopeful feeling to it, giving an encouraging boost to those who listen to it. Taking on the journey that will lead to that desired dream is a hard first step, but knowing we are not alone gives us the courage to take the next steps. Eventually, the light indicating the destination will be visible and the feeling of reaching it will soar the soul high.

Through “Without You” the idol draws a beautiful picture that portrays the feeling of love towards another person. The melody creates a feeling of floating and the soft, emotional vocals complete the atmosphere of the song. Everything combined gives out the feeling of watching a movie but through our ears instead of our eyes.

MIRAGE ends with the lingering emotions sang in the modern rock ballad “Talk To Me”. Ha Sung Woon’s sensible voice expresses the feelings of missing someone who is gone and the wish for them to return. This music piece affects the listeners with its sorrowful lyrics and melody, and their beautiful portrayal.

The music video for “Forbidden Island” is filled with magnificent sights that match the mystical feel of the song. Not only the settings, but also the singer himself is looking absolutely stunning in every shot he is in.

The clip emits that magical vibe that was hinted in the teasers and is amplified with the constant play of the light. Adding to this are the countless blue butterflies, that surround Ha Sung Woon, and the misty space he is drawn to.

Truly an eye-catching music video, with many aesthetics to look forward for.STAYC has finally made its official debut in the K-pop scene, surrounded by the public’s mesmerizing interest!

The new girl group STAYC conducted an online streaming showcase to release its debut single Star To A Young Culture in Gwangjin-gu, Seoul. It took place at the Yes24 Live Hall on November 12.

The rookie group’s feelings for the first appearance in the limelight

STAYC members expressed their emotions as they debuted in the K-pop scene after a long preparation and hard work.

Sumin said that she had been a trainee for about six years and still could not believe about herself debuting. She also added to take her first step together with the members steadily.

On the other hand, Sieun smiled and still could not believe that the group debuted that day since they were preparing for the debut for a long time. She also said to the members for working hard until now.

STAYC is the first six-member girl group showcased by High Up Entertainment, produced by CEO Black Eyed Pilseung.

“Healthy” was their keywords for the public to love and trust the group based on their “Healthy” reputable personalities and mindsets.

The deafening interest of fans for the group

The group drew much attention even before their debut as the group includes Sieun, singer Park Nam Jung’s daughter.

Sieun expressed her gratefulness for the love and attention they gave and that she felt burdened that she wanted to live up to the expectation.

She added about how she worked hard for the fans and staffs’ full support. She hopes that everyone can show as much love and support.

Black Eye Pilseung and Jeon Gun wrote and composed the song with the title track So Bad.

It is a song that tells about the beginning of a clumsy love affair from a teenager’s viewpoint who could speak out her mind openly and hide any feelings.

The member of STAYC cited Girls’ Generation as their role model and stated that they want to be a team that sustains a harmonious relationship for a long time.

Although showing perfect performance is good, but they want to impress and give the public their charms individually through their activities.