K-Pop as key to resolving strained Korea-Japan relations. August. 21, 2020 07:34. bsism@donga.com. 

This journalist visited a dance academy in Shinjuku, Tokyo, on the night of August 12. Some 20 teenage girls were sweating and training in a small room of 33 m². The girls were practicing the choreographies of NiziU, a nine-membered girl group that has recently debuted in Japan.



All nine members are Japanese, but their agency is JYP Entertainment, one of the biggest entertainment groups in Korea. NiziU’s dance, fashion, and business style are all rooted in K-Pop. Another Japanese idol group “JO1,” who debuted in March this year, also belongs to a Korean agency called CJ ENM. Members of JO1 are well known for their perfectly synchronized group dance.



Localized K-Pop is sweeping across Japan. In the past, the so-called Korean Wave spread through dramas featuring Korean actors and singers, but now Japan is witnessing a trend where Japanese performers are promoting Korean culture to other Japanese people. Here, Korea plays the role of brains introducing the system and the best practices of K-Pop. 



A heated debate is going on whether NiziU and JO1 are K-Pop performers or J-Pop singers. Gaining currency is a stance that despite the fact that both groups are active in Japan and sing in Japanese, they are K-Pop groups since the “source technologies” behind the groups are Korean. Experts say that such controversy over their identity reflects a shift in the perspective towards K-Pop phenomenon. 



In the 2000s when Boa and TVXQ were active in Japan, K-Pop was treated as a “foreign delicacy” as it was perceived to be “exotic” and “rare.” Indeed, many of this journalist’s acquaintances in Japan had a view that K-Pop only achieved a temporary success thanks to its rarity and uniqueness. Things have changed, however. An increasing number of Japanese who want to learn Korea’s source technologies show that K-Pop is no more a passing trend, but it is here to stay. 



Perception of Japan’s public sector has also changed. “Many young employees are studying Korean. They think Korean is “cool” and “hip,” said an official from the Japanese Foreign Ministry. An official close to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also praised BTS, saying it is truly remarkable that they have topped the Billboard Charts not with an English album, but a Korean one.



The ever-worsening relations between Seoul and Tokyo are stuck in a stalemate, after having been much frayed with Japan’s export ban on semi-conductor materials into Korea and the issues over the reparations for victims of forced labor. Even under such dire circumstances, K-Pop is deeply permeating Japanese society, and perhaps, it could help narrow the gap between the two countries. After all, “culture” might serve as the invaluable tool to break the rigidly frozen relationship with Japan that politics couldn’t even begin to thaw.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Following the success of the "BTS World" mobile game that launched last year, the global boy band once again collaborated with game developer Netmarble to unveil "BTS Universe Story," an interactive mobile storytelling platform, on Wednesday.

 This is in alignment with the recent moves of BTS' label, Big Hit Entertainment, to expand character merchandise by integrating storytelling into music, pushing the K-pop industry to a new level of possibility. 



"Storytelling will be expanded in stages to include artists in our multi-label organization," Bang Si-hyuk, founder and co-CEO of Big Hit Entertainment, said during a press conference held in Seoul, Aug. 13.

 According to the label, it sold 458 intellectual property (IP) products in the first half of this year, including the "Graphic Lyrics," a series of graphic books that depict five BTS songs, and "TinyTAN," BTS-inspired animated characters 

 The "Graphic Lyrics" book features illustrations decoding the hidden messages of the following five songs: "A Supplementary Story: You Never Walk Alone," "Save ME," "House Of Cards," "RUN" and "Butterfly." 

 Words from their song "Run" are currently displayed on an iconic billboard on the exterior of the Kyobo Building in Gwanghwamun Square in central Seoul. 

 "With 'Graphic Lyrics,' we are introducing a new way of enjoying music for the first time with BTS songs and are planning to continue the series with Big Hit's multi-label artists as well," the agency said in a statement. 

 Big Hit has various IP releases planned for the latter half of this year, which include a BTS-themed Korean language-learning course in association with the Korea Foundation and Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, and "The Most Beautiful Moment in Life: The Notes 2," a sequel to a prior book that explores the "BTS Universe." Big Hit is also preparing a drama series titled "Blue Sky," which tells the story of BTS and the group's rise to stardom, slated for release in the second half of 2020.

 Many other entertainment agencies are following Big Hit's steps in creating a universe (a collection of music videos, short films and other media that tell a fictional story based on the group's members) and circulating related content to increase revenue. 



YG Entertainment has joined hands with Naver Z's three-dimensional avatar service Zepeto to create BLACKPINK-themed characters. It offers four characters that correspond to each member of the girl group, and allow fans to see the characters dance and sing, as well as take pictures together.

 JYP Entertainment recently launched 2D animated short clips of "B2World" which feature character dolls of Boy Story, a rookie K-pop boy band that consists of Chinese members. 

 Cedarbough Saeji, a visiting assistant professor of Korean Culture at Indiana University, explained that expanding IP and merchandise businesses is actually a very savvy business plan. 

 "According to 2018 cultural contents exports data from Korean Creative Contents Agency, more money was made through games and character licensing than through music. Unlike K-pop groups, their characters can work 24 hours a day and never go to the military," Saeji said.

 "If these products make money we will definitely see other entertainment agencies trying to make money in the same way in the future."

 The increase in IP products may be correlated to COVID-19 pandemic as K-pop stars are unable to hold concerts or fan engagement events. Some K-pop stars hold online concerts, but tickets are priced much cheaper than offline concerts.

 "We want to build a business structure so that artists can make money even when they are inactive. By developing various non-music related content, we can provide an alternative experience to fans when artists cannot hold concerts," Yoon Seok-jun, Global CEO of Big Hit Entertainment, said during a press conference, Aug. 13.



K-pop watchers said entertainment companies are able to capitalize on merchandise because super fans not only consume music but also enjoy collecting merchandise. It is the power of K-pop fans that actually completes an idols' narrative and character creation.

 Jo Min-sun, a K-pop researcher, writes in "A Study on the Transmedia Storytelling of Korean Idol Content: Focusing on EXO and BTS" that "The fandoms build and expand the story world of idol content because K-pop leaves a room for participation ― whether it be interpretation or reproduction."

 "When a K-pop fan buys merchandise, they are creating a link between their world and the world of the idol ― a little piece of the idol they can take home. This link demonstrates their belonging in the fandom community, and it demonstrates their support for the idol," professor Saeji said. 

 Culture critic Kim Heon-sik said he expects the market for secondary content including artist-based characters will likely grow in the future thanks to fans who are incredibly loyal to their idols.BoA is one of the first K-pop artists who rose to overseas fame and is often credited for helping "hallyu," or the global popularity of Korean pop music, take root. She was the first Korean singer to top Japan's Oricon music chart with her first full-length album, "Listen to My Heart," in 2002.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Kim, 23, is an ardent fan of K-pop boy band EXO. When EXO played a three-day concert in Seoul last year, she stayed at a hotel near the concert hall for three days to watch all the gigs. Once, she waited for more than 15 hours, only to see the K-pop act on the red carpet for a few minutes.

 But all of Kim's fan activities are secret ― hardly anyone around her knows her love for EXO. 

 "I began 'fan-girling' at 16," Kim told The Korea Times. "Initially, I didn't hide that I was a K-pop fan and used to upload numerous photos of my favored singers on my social media accounts. But one day, my mother said, anxiously: 'You are old enough ― shouldn't you be dating or hanging out with your friends instead of chasing after the singers?'"

 Many of her friends seemed to share comparable perspectives with her mother. When talking about K-pop, none of them directly said that the enthusiastic followers were "odd and pathetic," but Kim still could read their thoughts through tone and facial expression.

 "After realizing how negatively people view K-pop fans ― especially those who are grown-ups ― I decided to keep my liking a secret to avoid getting hurt," she said. 

 Dozens of international fans revealed they were also reluctant to openly support the genre. One online user wrote in 2017 on Quora, an American question-and-answer website, that she could not rant about K-pop freely because some of her friends were picked on for liking it. 

 Another commented: "I rather stay silent so I won't hear other people saying nasty things about K-pop. I get criticized a lot, about being a K-pop fan."

 Why do people raise eyebrows at K-pop followers? Experts gave some possible reasons. 

 "Fans of pop culture are often derided for having low-brow taste," CedarBough Saeji, a visiting assistant professor of Korean Culture at Indiana University in the U.S., said in a recent email interview with The Korea Times. "The most destructive narrative is the one that dismisses all K-pop fans as immature little girls. I hate to see age and gender wielded like a weapon against K-pop fans."



In Korea, there is even a derogatory term referring to K-pop fans, "Bbasooni," meaning "a fan girl who blindly chases after an older male singer." The term was coined in the 1990s when male acts like rock band Seo Taiji and Boys rose to stardom here and mesmerized legions of female followers who invested considerable time and effort in fan activities. 



Unlike the majority, some have crossed the line and turned into "sasaengs," who follow the singers around the clock, invade their privacy and cause inconvenience to others. 

 In one case, in 2019, four fans of K-pop boy band Wanna One forced hundreds of passengers on a Seoul-bound flight at the Hong Kong International Airport to disembark shortly before take-off and go through another round of security checks. They booked seats to get a closer look at the members on the plane and after seeing the stars, asked for a refund and attempted to get off the plane. 

 Critic Jung Yeon-kyung says there have been other cases of "excessive behaviors" like this. 

 "When a singer sparks controversy, some fans blindly defend their star out of affection," she said. "For non-fans, this is hard to grasp."

 But the critics say people should refrain from making a hasty generalization that all K-pop followers are "misbehaving." Seattle-based music critic Kim Young-dae added that the term Bbasooni is misogynic in essence.

 "When a man devotes his money to a car or other pricey items, he is usually free of criticisms," Kim said. "But when it comes to female K-pop fans, many people think they are splashing out on good-looking stars." 

 In fact, the episodes of obsessive fans are often more highlighted than those of other followers, who have joined forces for a good cause. 

 "K-pop fans have done a lot of good things," Professor Saeji said. "Disparate groups of people have learned to harness online tools to achieve goals that bring their favorite artists to an ever bigger audience. 

 "They've also donated to causes and spent a significant amount of time learning about a new country, culture and language. As the world learns about this side of fandom, I think it really improves the image of fans."



K-pop behemoth BTS's global fandom ― ARMY ― for instance, donated 1.2 billion won ($1 million) in June to support the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement and battle racial inequality. Boy band EXO's fandom ― EXO-L ― contributed more than 12 million won ($10,000) in March to help combat COVID-19. 

 "It is crucial for some obsessive K-pop followers to develop more rational and critical attitudes, but the public should also be able to respect the fans' taste," critic Kim said. 

 Critic Park Soo-jin told The Korea Times: "K-pop fans do not have to strive to change the public's perception of them. They just have to make sure they stick to morals when enjoying their fan activities. It is the public who should realize the positive influence of the fandoms and try to cast away a prejudice.""It took us a long time to deliver to fans music we consider much cooler. Rather than being impatient or anxious, we became more driven to prepare more thoroughly and have much stronger goals," TREASURE member Doyoung said at a press conference held at the CGV theater in Seoul's Yeongdeungpo Ward. The event was held hours ahead of the digital release of "The First Step: Chapter One," the team's debut single album, at 6 p.m.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts."In TinyTAN, not only are the distinct characteristics of the seven members reflected but also the music, performance and the good-minded influence of the band are encompassed as well," Big Hit IP said.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The vocalization of a cryptic phrase "Myeonggeumilha Daechwita" starts off "Daechwita," a song released by Suga of BTS, known as Agust D for this release, in May. The expression, which means, "Ring a gong once to begin Daechitwa," is used to commence "Daechwita" ― a Korean style of traditional military band music.

 Though now better known across the globe as the title of the K-pop sensation's solo release, which marked over 117 million views on YouTube in just over two months, the history of the original Daechwita goes back to the ancient Three Kingdoms era in the fourth century, before Korea was even Korea. 

 The voice shouting "Myeonggeumilha daechwita" in the opening of Agust D's song belongs to Chung Jae-kuk, the only practitioner of Intangible Cultural Property No. 46, Piri Jeongak and Daechwita. 

 Chung, who worked as the artistic director of the National Gugak Center Orchestra, recorded the 1984 version of Daechwita sampled in Agust D's namesake song.

 According to Suga's agency, the K-pop singer listened to a variety of recorded versions of Daechwita and picked the 1984 one for its solemnness.

 The song's music video was filmed in a Joseon-era palace and street set, matching the music of hip-hop with the sound of Korean traditional instruments such as the kkwaenggwari (small flat gong) and taepyeongso (double reed instrument).

 After the song garnered international attention thanks to BTS' established fame, it also spiked interest in Korean traditional music and culture featured in it.

 "I performed Daechwita hundreds of times, but Suga's Daechwita is more famous now. Though I haven't met Suga personally, I am grateful that he provided wide publicity for Daechwita internationally," Chung said in an interview with The Korea Times. "Though Suga's song is not the same as the original Daechwita, it was a great opportunity for Korean traditional music to become known more widely."

 Chung, who has been playing the piri (reed flute) for over six decades, said Daechwita is the music played for military marches.

 "We speculate that Daechwita existed as early as the Three Kingdoms era as a military band is featured in ancient tomb murals of the Goguryeo Kingdom (37 BC―668 AD). The military music appears in historical documents during the Goryeo Kingdom (918-1392). In the Joseon Kingdom, Jangakwon, a government office in charge of music, supervised military marching music such as Daechwita," Chung explained. 

 "Each military troupe had its own Chwitadae, or marching band, and they played Daechwita and Sochwita, a downscaled version of the march, on a variety of occasions from royal processions to the opening and closing of the four main gates of Seoul."

 According to Chung, the legacy of Daechwita was lost when Joseon was annexed by Japan in 1910. 

 "It had disappeared for about half a century. Daechwita was finally revived in 1961 for the Armed Forces Day ceremony. I was a student at the Gugak National High School then and participated in the band, becoming aware of the charms of Daechwita," Chung said.

 "It was designated as Intangible Cultural Heritage in 1971 and my teacher Choi In-seo was named the practitioner. After he passed away, I was named as the tradition practitioner in 1993."

 Chung has three assistants to pass down the tradition and over 100 bearers of the skills.

 "There have been steady efforts to continue the tradition of Daechwita in the field of Korean traditional music. Suga's Daechwita expanded the reach of Korean tradition to a wider audience and I am glad for the opportunity he opened up," Chung said.

 While Agust D's "Daechwita" is an example of K-pop incorporating elements of Korean traditional music, Korean traditional musicians are also making their way into the popular music scene. 

 Alternative pop band Leenalchi's album "Sugungga" is a modern interpretation of one of Korea's traditional pansori plays and was very popular. Pansori singer Ko Yeong-yeol competed in the JTBC music survival show "Phantom Singer 3," broadening the spectrum of crossover music to embrace Korean traditional music.

 Won Il, a traditional musician and composer who currently serves as artistic director of the Gyeonggi Sinawi Orchestra, said the current blurring of boundaries between K-pop and Korean traditional music showcases a heightened esteem for Korean tradition by the younger generation. 

 "It is more than just retro hype, but Korea's cultural stature has surely grown globally. Agust D's Daechwita and Blackpink wearing hanbok are at the forefront. I think Korea's younger generation has the power to let the world know about tradition through music, story, drama and fashion," Won said. 

 He attributed such success to hybridity. 

 "There are some great elements from Korea's traditions, but Koreans also have a knack for combining miscellaneous ingredients into a new culture with extreme creativity," Won said. "And the use of digital media such as YouTube disseminates trends so fast; and the medium is optimized for rapid distribution of culture, which suits the Korea temperament."

 However, Won expressed some worries that such a trend might be superficial, failing to reach into the deep, spiritual culture of Korea. 

 "Agust D's Daechwita mixes samples of the namesake Korean traditional music, but it did not dig into the musical structure of the original genre. It gives a glimpse into the sound of Korean traditional instruments, but cannot provide a thorough understanding of our traditional music," he said.

 Despite the concerns, Won sees a ray of hope in younger musicians, who have no qualms about breaking the boundaries between Korean traditional music and pop. 

 "Singing pansori to a modern drum beat or simple loops of a guitar groove is a way of modernizing Korean traditional music, which can be observed in the music of SsingSsing, Leenalchi or Lim Kim. They have found ways to popularize tradition," he said. "Previously, conservative musicians stuck to tradition strictly and saw new changes as harmful to the old ways, but the times have changed. Musicians who have experience in both Western and Korean music found ways to make tradition more accessible. I am truly enjoying the boost in the status of Korean culture."Impressive stages in stadiums filled with thousands of fans, amazing choreographed performance on live TV, random props, interesting use of English and the Big . . . Three?

We're not talking about Eurovision but the world of K-pop, one of South Korea's biggest cultural exports.

K-pop music and award shows often feature stages just as big – if not larger – than Eurovision where tens of thousands of fans support their favourite groups.

Where Eurovision has its big five in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom, K-pop has it’s big three production agencies in SM Entertainment, YG Entertainment, and JYP Entertainment.

But rather than similarities we want to look at the connections that bring the world of K-pop and Eurovision together.

Australian singers and songwriters have made contributions to both the Eurovision stage and the world of K-pop groups.

When Eurovision fans hear of South Korea, it’s likely that their first thought goes straight to Australia’s most successful act to date – Dami Im.

While Dami Im isn’t a K-pop legend, there was no way we weren’t going to give her a most honourable mention in this list.

Dami was born in South Korea in 1988 before her family emigrated to Australia when she was just nine years old. Dami taught herself English by listening to the Spice Girls, as you might remember from her interview with Petra Mede at the Eurovision Song Contest in Stockholm in 2016.

Dami has also competed on South Korean reality show ‘King of Masked Singer’, the original version of ‘The Masked Singer’ franchise that has become popular worldwide. She portrayed the Statue of Liberty, and came runner up to Lee Hyun of 8Eight and Homme.

Tania Doko’s first foray into the world of Eurovision was actually as a songwriter for Australia’s second appearance in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest. She co-wrote Alexa Curtis’ ‘We Are’, which finished fifth on the night.

Following this, Tania became one of ten acts to compete in the inaugural Australia Decides in 2019 with her entry ‘Piece of Me’, which was the last song performed on the night, finishing in eighth place. She also co-wrote Jordan-Ravi’s 2020 Australia Decides entry ‘Pushing Stars’.

And she also has a connection to K-pop. She was a contributing composer to ‘Feel Good’, a track on the EP ‘Monster’ released by a sub-unit of hit K-pop girl group Red Velvet – Irene & Seulgi. Despite only being out for a few weeks, the EP has already sold in excess of 200,000 copies in South Korea alone, with music videos, dance videos and live performances from the EP amassing tens of millions of views on YouTube already.

While the name of Louis Schoorl may not be instantly recognizable to the average Eurovision fan, his work surely is.

Louis worked as a songwriter for Guy Sebastian’s ‘Tonight Again’ for Australia in 2015 and Benjamin Ingrosso’s ‘Dance You Off’ for Sweden in 2018, both songs resulting in top ten finishes. He also worked on Diana Rouvas’ ‘Can We Make Heaven’ for Australia Decides in February, which place seventh.

In the world of K-pop, he contributed to ‘My Oh My’ for one of the biggest South Korean girl groups of all time – Girls’ Generation. The music video for 'My Oh My' tops over 40 million views on YouTube, more than five times as many views as ‘Dance You Off’.

Swedish songwriter Aleena Gibson worked together with Vanessa Amarosi when it came to writing her newest album ‘Back to Love’, including her Australia Decides entry ‘Lessons of Love’. The song came third on the night behind Casey Donovan’s ‘Proud’ and Montaigne’s ‘Don’t Break Me’.

Aleena also has a lengthy history with Swedish national final Melodifestivalen, singing at the competition in 2003 and alongside Stefan Andersson in 2007. She has also written Melodifestivalen entries for Sanna Nielsen (in 2008) and ‘The Story of Fire Saga’s Molly Sandén (in 2012).

She also worked on Olga Lounová’s ‘Dark Water’, which competed in ESCZ this year, the national final for the Czech Republic.

Aside from her work in Australia Decides, Melodifestivalen, and ESCZ, she has also worked on songs for Girls’ Generation as well.

Mattias Lindblom worked together with previous Australia Decides 2019 entrants Tania Doko and George Sheppard to work on an entry for the talented Jordan-Ravi at Australia Decides in 2020, and together, they wrote ‘Pushing Stars’.

However, he has also written for K-pop megastars Girls’ Generation with ‘Two Blocks Down’.

The composers and songwriters of winning Eurovision entries have made contributions to some of the biggest K-pop groups of all time. And it’s not just songwriters, but a winning singer as well.

Famous for being the most recent winner of the Eurovision Song Contest, Duncan Laurence has composed more than just his winning Eurovision entry. He also worked on the track ‘Closer’ for one of the longest-running boy bands in K-pop history, TVXQ.

Collectively known as ‘The Family’, this trio has written dozens of Melodifestivalen entries for everyone from Ace Wilder and Wiktoria to Måns Zelmerlöw and Loreen. They’ve also written entries to Melodi Grand Prix, Dansk Melodi Grand Prix, Krajowe Eliminacje, and Dora.

Their most famous Eurovision entry would be Måns Zelmerlöw’s ‘Heroes’, which won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2015. They also wrote Robin Stjernberg’s ‘You’ for Sweden in 2013, Saara Aalto’s ‘Monsters’ for Finland in 2018, and Ben & Tan’s ‘Yes’ for Denmark this year.

They have also worked with K-pop’s Luna for ‘Free Somebody’ and ‘Keep on Doin'’, and AOA’s ’10 Seconds’.

Charlie Mason is one of the songwriter’s behind legendary Eurovision winning entry ‘Rise Like a Phoenix’ by Conchita Wurst. He also worked on memorable entries such as Maraaya’s ‘Here for You’ for Slovenia and Bojana Stamenov’s ‘Beauty Never Lies’ for Serbia, both in 2015.

In the K-pop world he wrote Girls’ Generation bop ‘I Got a Boy’, whose music video has amassed over 200 million views on YouTube.

Another songwriter of some memorable Eurovision entries of the last decade is Iain James Farquharson. He was a songwriter behind this years British entry, James Newman’s ‘My Last Breath’; Belgium’s 2013 entry, Roberto Bellarosa’s ‘Love Kills’; and the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, ‘Running Scared’ by Azerbaijan’s Ell & Nikki.

He has also written for one of K-pop’s biggest boy bands, EXO (and sub-unit EXO-CBX), and TVXQ’s ‘Wrong Number’.

So, what about some other Eurovision connections to the world of K-pop?

Benjamin Ingrosso is the singer best known in the world of Eurovision for being behind Melodifestivalen 2017 entry ‘Good Lovin’’ and Sweden’s 2018 Eurovision entry ‘Dance You Off’.

He also wrote ‘You Calling My Name’ for K-pop boy group GOT7.

Slovenia’s 2011 entrant Maja Keuc is known in the Eurovision community for her entry ‘No One’, which prompted the BBC’s Graham Norton to refer to her as “Slovenia’s Christina Aguilera”.

In the world of K-pop she has contributed four songs to South Korean girl group Red Velvet, including one of their biggest hits in ‘Russian Roulette’, which has almost 200 million views on YouTube. She’s also contributed to SHINee’s ‘1 of 1’.

So two juggernauts of music in Eurovision and K-pop have some interesting links and hopefully we'll see more crossover like this in the future.Evolving from the flickering flame of lighters, the bright phone flashlights waving in the air, and neon glowsticks on our wrists,K-pop fandoms have a unique and creative way to show support for their favourite idols - lightsticks.

Considered a quintessential part of K-pop fandom culture, these lightsticks are one of the many ways fans interact with their favourite groups during a live concert. Referred to as "the ocean", fans would use these glimmering lights to engulf the entire stadium in a beautiful display of colours as a showcase of unity and strength for their idols on stage. If you've ever been to a K-pop concert, then you know it's probably one of the most mesmerising and magical experiences ever.

Every single K-pop group and artist you can think of has an official lightstick. Designed and customised specifically for the artists and their fans, lightsticks have become a defining factor for the identity of every fandom. Every lightstick carries a symbolic reference and creative design to make it stand out from the rest, and they even have their own name! BTS has the ARMY Bomb, TWICE has the Candy Bong, MAMAMOO has the Moo Bong, and the list goes on.

While K-pop fans usually have the lightsticks for their favourite idol groups, these flashy memorabilia have become artworks of its own with many collecting as much as they can. Now, there's a lot of lightsticks to choose from. So, in no particular order, here are 10 of some of the most unique lightsticks out there!

Straying away from the typical light "stick", JYP Entertainment's rock band DAY6 decided to go for a wrist watch-style fanlight for their fandom My Day. While it may not have an actual clock, the light band's centrepiece includes a mint-green leaf-shaped light encased in a dome carrying the group's logo.

The light band can be connected to a control centre during DAY6 concerts to create synchronised lights shows. Watch it in action here:

When it comes to uniqueness, BLACKPINK's hammer lightstick or 'BI-Ping-Bong' is definitely one of the top contenders. At the time of its debut, many BLINKs (fandom name) and other members of the K-pop community were not too fond of the group's fanlight but overtime, the 'BI-ping-bong' has been well-received and often regarded for its creative design and features.

Designed by the girls themselves, the hammer lightstick is most known for its hilarious squeaky noise when actually used as a hammer - something no other K-pop fanlight can do. The 'BI-Ping-Bong' can also react to music by blinking, which is an especially essential feature during a BLACKPINK concert.

When you have a group named Cherry Bullet, it's only fitting to have a Cherry Gun. Considered one of the most unique lightsticks to date by those both in and out of the fandom, the girl group's fanlight is donned in bright red and white, resembling the shape of a gun. There are different light modes and settings available for fans to activate by pulling the trigger.

Check out how the girls of Cherry Bullet use the Cherry Gun here:

iKON really came swinging with this one. When it comes to design, the YG Entertainment boy group's KONBAT definitely ranks high. Designed to be a literal baseball bat, the lightstick glows the group's signature red colour and dons the group's logo, which represent the stripes on the South Korean flag.

K-pop lightsticks take inspiration from everywhere and for I.O.I, it's from ice cream. Emulating the girl group's sweet charm, their official fanlight take the form of a large vanilla ice cream swirl laying atop a cone. The lightstick emits lights in the group's signature colours, pink and yellow. While it has no official name like most traditional fanlights, this one would be easy to spot from a mile away. Considered a true collectible, only 2,500 of these ice cream fanlights were made.

Similar to their labelmate DAY6's light band, ITZY ventured far from traditional lightsticks and instead went onto rings. Meant to be held like a tambourine, the group's Light Ring has a sleek, all-white design that comes with a wall hang cradle so you can hang the ring for mood lighting. Taking lightstick culture to a new level, the girls' unique fanlight sold out in less than seven hours after official pre-orders were launched.

The Light Ring comes with varied lighting and colour settings, including a 'rainbow flow' option that radiates a string of varied neon colours.

While most lightsticks try to go all with their design, this fanlight stands out for exactly the opposite. Contrary to its monochrome and sleek exterior, Highlight's HALLABONG can really cover a stadium with bright colours. Designed to fittingly look like a lightbulb, the HALLABONG comes with six varied colour settings and light modes.

Watch the lightstick in action here:

Credited with creating the first-ever lightstick in K-pop, you can't have any list of lightsticks without considering Big Bang's Bang Bong. Designed by group leader G-Dragon, the Bang Bong has undergone several modifications since its debut but its crown design and 'B' emblem has stood the test of time. The most recent version of the group's fanlight comes in two variants - black and white, and comes with a microphone that can detect low bass beats which allow the light to sync to song beats.

In its time, the group also came also with different variations of the Bang Bong, some of which were a portable charger and a ring.

Golden Child's official fanlight is packed with a bunch of cool features that make it stand out amongst a sea of K-pop lightsticks. First of all, it's a bowling pin! Named RUNE-BONG, many fans believe that the lightstick takes after the fact the group has ten members and symbolises how each member completes the set. Beyond its shape, the lightstick comes with a unique feature that projects the group's logo when turned on.

The RUNE-BONG can also sync to sounds and change colours and light modes based on the beats of the song. There's even an official app that connects to the lightstick and acts as a remote control.

Is it the stars? No, it's the bright, twinkling ocean of Starlights (fandom name) in a VIXX concert. Resembling the look of night stars encased in a glass hexagon, VIXX's official lightstick is definitely a wonderment of its own. The Starlight Stick is, of course, lovingly named after boy group's legion of fans and is painted in the group's signature colours, "navy and shining gold". Atop the lightstick is also the group's logo and engravings of the members' names."Beach Again" and "Play That Summer" ranked third and fourth on Bugs Music, while in fifth place stood "Oh My Summer" by Koyote, a '90s-2000s co-ed trio which SSAK3 is modeled after. "Oh My Summer" was initially written for SSAK3 but was later handed to Koyote for the team's comeback.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.“Every time I see him I feel like the sun is shining on my face.”

L. Gissele has three emotional support K-pop boys: Kim Namjoon aka RM from BTS, Bang Chan from Stray Kids, and Johnny Suh from NCT 127.

“[Namjoon’s] words speak to me and he motivates me to always do better and to aim big. To always challenge myself,” the 18-year-old Panamanian told Mashable via DM. “[Chan] has been there for me at my lowest point in life. He makes me remember that depression does not define me and that I can get through everything.”

And Johnny? “Seeing him smile makes me happy.”

Feeling a strong attachment to or drawing strength from a specific idol isn’t unusual in K-pop fandom. Commonly called “emotional support K-pop boys,” these artists inspire and reassure people through their music, livestreams, and even just their general personalities, encouraging fans and offering comfort through difficult times. Such positive influences can improve fans' psychological wellbeing, especially when comfort is difficult to find elsewhere.

For 16-year-old Yasmine Leon, this support is provided by ATEEZ’s main rapper Song Mingi, who she strongly believes helps her mental health. “Mingi helps me have a better mindset about my personality,” said the Arizona teen. “He inspires me to think more positively… And [reassures me] that being weird is okay.”

For Regan from Florida, NewKidd’s Jo Mingyu, or Hwi, is “a safe space” who “makes [her] feel loved.” “He also works incredibly hard and is an inspiration when I feel like I'm not able to do something.”

And for 25-year-old Pennsylvanian Zee, it’s BTS' Min Yoongi, who uses the stage names Suga and Agust D. “He knows life is hard. He knows reality. Since he struggled himself to get where he is at now. I can relate to that attitude a lot.”

The term “emotional support K-pop boy” was coined on Dec. 2, 2018 by Twitter user romiosini, in a tweet reading, “sir, that’s my emotional support kpop boy.”

A variation of a Tumblr meme about emotional support animals, the concept struck a chord with K-pop fans and quickly spread, jumping from Twitter to other websites such as Tumblr and Reddit. Some even adapted it to emotional support K-pop girls and J-pop boys, though K-pop boys remain its most popular subject.

Now, over a year later, the phrase “emotional support K-pop boy” is a staple of K-pop fandom lexicon, easily understood shorthand for a common shared experience.

“My friends think it's hilarious, how big this thing has gotten,” romiosini aka Len told Mashable via DM. Like most fans we spoke to, she preferred not to give her full name for privacy reasons. “I think it's funny that a tweet I posted because I saw a Tumblr post that went, ‘sir, that's my emotional support tapeworm’ (I wish I was making this up!) ended up having such an impact, but mostly I'm really happy it seemed to resonate with so many people.”

Though it has now been applied to numerous idols, the 26-year-old Canadian resident actually had a specific K-pop boy in mind when composing that fateful tweet: Seventeen’s lead dancer Wen Junhui, stage name Jun.

“For Jun in particular it's that he's such a bright, kind person, that he works very hard, but also that there is a visible fragility to his person,” said Len. “It makes him very human in a way that's particularly touching to me.”

Len also relates to her favourite idol because of their similarities. Like the Chinese-born idol, she too moved to a foreign country as a teen and had to navigate an unfamiliar new language and environment.

“I have a tendency to bias foreign idols in the groups I stan and it's always about this shared experience of displacement,” she said. “And so the ‘emotional support’ comes partly at least from being able to see yourself in someone else, your struggles and your qualities and also who you want to be.”

Those outside K-pop fandom typically perceive a fan’s admiration of a K-pop boy as a crush, particularly if the fan is female. In actuality, there is frequently no romantic or sexual attraction involved. Having an emotional support K-pop boy is merely about mental support, encouragement, and a deep appreciation of the artist as a person.

Psychologist Derek Laffan doesn’t have an emotional support K-pop boy, but says he resonates with BTS’ Jung Hoseok, aka J-Hope. “I love his hopeful and positive messages and upbeat personality,” Laffan told Mashable via email. “It’s uplifting to watch his performances and interviews.”

Laffan is from the National Anti Bullying Center at Dublin City University, and specialises in cyberpsychology — the study of how the internet, technology, and social media impact our minds. He currently has a paper on the positive psychological effects of K-pop fandom awaiting peer review, and stresses that emotional support K-pop boys should be examined in a “balanced and non-scare mongering way.”

“There isn't a lot of psychological research done on emotionally supportive K-pop boys and it's very much so needed,” said Laffan. “An extent of emotional attachment to an idol can be fairly healthy."

Of course, like all things, having an emotional support K-pop boy requires balance. Intense obsession and getting sucked into stan culture can damage your mental health if taken too far. However, when stanned responsibly, following K-pop idols can be beneficial to a person's psychological wellbeing.

“I would say in most cases, idol emotional attachment is fairly benign and fulfilling,” said Laffan.

Nurul Safithri, a student at Tarumanagara University in Jakarta who published a research paper on quality of life in adolescent K-pop fans, agrees. She holds a bachelor's degree in psychology and has been a fan of BTS since high school, but only began turning to them for emotional support when later going through a difficult time.

“I had this period of my life when I felt so down but I couldn’t talk about my problems with anyone, including my family or my friends,” said Safithri in an email to Mashable. “I felt so lonely and worthless until I started to pay more attention to BTS’ lyrics. Their lyrics are so positive and help me to forget my problems.”

Many fans have drawn solace from the empowering, positive messages in K-pop, which Laffan noted are “different to many Western pop artists' messages that just ‘make you feel special.’” Songs such as Stray Kids’ "My Pace" encourage listeners to stop comparing themselves to others, while "The Last" shares Yoongi’s real, relatable struggles with mental health.

K-pop fan recalled being comforted by BTS' music after finding out Brett Kavanaugh had been confirmed to the Supreme Court in the parking lot of their Citi Field concert. Following the MeToo movement had already taken a toll on her mental health, so this news was a particularly hard blow.

“I felt so broken,” the 30-year-old Brooklynite told Mashable via DM. “However that night I remember during the 'Epiphany' performance just being reduced to tears and being overwhelmed by the 40,000+ crowd of mostly women singing ‘I am the one I should love.’ It felt powerful. It made me feel like these were the kinds of guys I wished more guys would act like.”

It isn’t just an idol’s songs that endear them to their fans though. While some Western performers also sing about mental health, K-pop artists stand out due to their comparatively constant presence, messaging, and approachable demeanours, all of which are facilitated by their skillful use of social media. For fans, a large part of an emotional support K-pop boy’s appeal is their personality and what they do outside of their music.

“To me ‘emotional support K-pop boy’ means someone you look up to when you are feeling down or when you need motives to keep going,” said Gissele. “Someone that makes you feel less of a burden with their words.”

In addition to their musical performances, K-pop stars help fans feel closer to them by interacting through social media, meetup events, and livestreams. This content is typically lighthearted, though some idols also use their platform to discuss topics such as anxiety and depression, and offer encouraging advice to people who are struggling.

"It's hard to love yourself," said BTS' Kim Seokjin aka Jin in an English-subtitled 2018 livestream, sharing his own struggles with his self-worth. "I tried to love myself, trying so hard, I'm full of self-esteem… You can build up self-esteem with efforts. So, have the mindset that you love yourself and give compliments to yourself.”

“Whenever you guys are having a hard time, feel depressed, or you've got a lot on your mind, I just want to say that it's always it’s okay to come to us,” said Bang Chan in a livestream last year. Stray Kids' leader has become known for his soothing livestreams and comforting advice, even outside his group's fandom. “We will listen to you guys and no matter what, we will try to help out with what you’re going through.”

Such openness and emotional vulnerability has fostered a supportive culture of understanding concerning mental health in K-pop fandom, further helping fans experiencing hard times.

While research suggests people who follow celebrities in an intense, personal manner have poorer mental health than others, Laffan cautioned that celebrity worship as conceived by these studies may not apply to K-pop idols, who engage with fandom and the internet in a different way. Building large online fanbases of digitally savvy fans is vital to K-pop's popularity, with idols actively using social media to cultivate their approachable persona and interact with fans on a regular basis.

More research still needs to be done, though both Safithri and Laffan believe having an emotional support K-pop boy can help fulfill people’s needs for social connections and self-esteem — particularly if these needs aren’t being met by those around them.

“A perspective in psychology is that we can achieve our wellbeing when we satisfy the basic needs we have,” said Laffan. “K-pop idols, and K-pop as a whole, can be a source for some of these needs.”

Identifying as a K-pop fan, Laffan said, also helps people categorise themselves into a specific social group, giving them a sense of identity and belonging — a sentiment fans echoed.

“Within a fandom you are surrounded by like-minded people who feel the same level of attachment, and therefore you can feel free to love and show affection intensely and fangirl/boy without judgment,” said Lynn. For her, K-pop is a safe outlet to express herself “without the limitations of ‘maturity’ or ‘professionalism.’”

“All of this gives fans that validation and a stronger sense of social connection they may not be getting elsewhere,” said Laffan. “These things are generally very important for positive mental health.”

"The unbreakable bond between a lesbian and her K-pop boy"

One of the most difficult aspects of K-pop fandom to explain to those outside it is the wholesome lack of sexual attraction many fans feel for their favourite idol. Though there are “hard stans” who prefer their K-pop boy’s more sexual side, “soft stans” are decidedly platonic in their affections.

“I'm a lesbian and there is no sexual or romantic attraction involved in my feelings for men I stan, but it's hard to convey that,” Len told Mashable. “Stan culture has its own language. I often jokingly caption pictures ‘I'm in love with him,’ and it's an understood code between gay fans, but it's not that clear to outsiders. Someone once called it ‘the unbreakable bond between a lesbian and her K-pop boy,’ that's the essence of the ‘emotional support K-pop boy’ phrase too.”

Len confessed she sometimes feels frustrated when non-lesbian fans use the term, and wants people to understand the “very specific feeling of platonic adoration” it was intended to convey. The reason her original tweet was posted to her general Twitter account rather than her account dedicated to K-pop was specifically to communicate this dynamic to K-pop outsiders.

However, Len acknowledges that people can feel sexual attraction to their K-pop boy while simultaneously receiving emotional support. “I guess I wish everyone was aware of where it came from… but it's not like it's a slur — it would be laughable for me to try to control who can say it.”

Even so, fans widely consider "emotional support K-pop boy" to be a non-sexual term regardless of the user’s sexuality. Urban Dictionary defines it as “used to combat compuslory [sic] heterosexuality as well as the notion that we can’t be Kpop boy-group fans without being attracted to them.”

“Something about positivity and just happiness without sexuality or seduction being constantly the main focus is reassuring,” said Lynn. “Having an emotional support K-pop boy is not about being physically attracted to them, but rather having a safe space to express intense emotions and attachment without the pressure you would feel in real life.”

“It’s definitely a bond that goes beyond physical,” agreed Gissele. “It’s more like a best friends type of relationship. Def not something sexual or romantic. It’s a safe place.”

You get a K-pop boy, and you get a K-pop boy

“Honestly just cute pictures of [Namjoon] or any of BTS smiling can brighten my day,” Lynn told Mashable. “And I have no way of explaining how or why this works.”

K-pop fans are generally unconcerned with the psychology behind why they love their K-pop boys. Their emotional support K-pop boys make them happy, and provide comfort, inspiration, and distraction. For them, it’s as simple as that.

“Their ability to articulate very complex but universal emotions in such clear and poetic ways really drew me to them,” said Lynn, referring to BTS’ emotional intelligence and positivity. “I can legit sit and watch any vlog or speech of theirs and come away feeling inspired and empowered to become as emotionally aware.”

K-pop idols primarily communicate in Korean, but this isn’t an issue for fans who don’t understand the language. A lot of content is subtitled, whether by entertainment companies or by other fans, and the optimistic, caring environment K-pop boys foster requires no translation.

“It’s about what they make you feel,” said Gissele, whose native language is Spanish. “Feelings are universal, there is no barrier.”

“It sounds silly put into words sometimes but seeing [Jun] makes me happy,” said Len. “And there are days where everything is terrible, and the human instinct there is to seek distraction, something to make you smile, and for me often it's gonna be Seventeen content.”

“The world is pretty dark and depressing and has been for a while,” agreed Lynn. “K-pop idols offer an escapism world that is filled with positivity and maybe even a chance to dream and hope.”

Intense positive feelings toward a K-pop idol can have a beneficial psychological effect for fans, and may even inspire them to donate to charity in the idol’s name. However, Safithri noted that such attachment can also cause fans to disparage people who have differing opinions, and can lead to attacks upon idols themselves.

“Having many people look up to and rely on them I think can worsen this ‘have to be a perfect star’ perception,” said Safithri. “Because once they do something wrong, the criticism will come inevitably and destroy that perfect image of them.”

Idols don’t even need to have done anything wrong for people to turn on them either. In January, upset fans of boy group Exo demanded singer Chen leave simply because he had gotten engaged. Such severe online criticism combined with impossible expectations, loss of privacy, lack of freedom, and loneliness can be incredibly damaging to K-pop stars’ mental health — sometimes leading to dire consequences.

“Idols face other industry pressures as well as their own personal issues that can affect their wellbeing,” said Laffan. “I think the fans are generally considerate of this, but it can sometimes get lost when we don't take a ‘step back’ and remind ourselves that idols have other worries too.”

Laffan further expressed concern about idols’ lack of easy access to mental health services, noting the negative stigma surrounding such issues in Korea. While some Korean entertainment companies are better than others at providing support, Laffan stated professional mental health care for idols is “largely absent,” and that he would like to see these companies do more.

“At a very basic level, idols need to be heard and listened to as well,” said Laffan. “Too many idols have not been listened to and it has resulted in too many tragic outcomes.”

Despite mainstream perception of K-pop fans as blindly fanatical, the majority are well aware their idols are fallible humans. In fact, many consider their K-pop boy’s imperfection just another element worthy of admiration.

“The fact that [Yoongi] is so human and flawed, yet bravely faces those flaws, apologizes, and grows from it is inspirational,” Lynn told Mashable.

Lynn admitted she was disappointed when Yoongi’s solo track "What Do You Think?" sampled a speech by cult leader Jim Jones, particularly as a Black fan. However, the rapper’s swift apology and efforts to educate himself reassured her, and she felt she knew enough about his character to be confident it hadn’t been done with malice.

“Very often in the West we assign malicious intent to actions that actually simply reflect the general social outlook someone is used to,” said Len, noting that most K-pop idols have a different cultural context to their Western audience. While this doesn’t make their hurtful actions permissible or preclude them from criticism, Len believes idols’ missteps should be handled with more nuance. “I don't think unequivocally declaring someone a Bad Person or flooding them with demands for apologies without context helps.”

Gissele acknowledged there are limits to this philosophy, specifically referencing Big Bang’s Seungri and the Burning Sun sex scandal, and both Zee and Len agreed not everything can be forgiven. However, fans largely see idols’ missteps as a learning opportunity for both the singers and their followers.

“They have been exposed to the world since they were young and a lot of them didn’t have a proper adolescence, they are bound to make mistakes from time to time,” said Gissele. “They just need to acknowledge it and learn from it. Just as they help me grow I’ll try to help them too.”

Safithri relied on BTS’ music to help manage her mental health for a few years, but eventually sought counselling from a professional psychologist.

“I realized that using them as emotional support can be useful for me but it didn’t give me the solution to solve my problem,” said Safithri. “Now I still love their music and use it as a way to comfort myself when I’m sad or stressed, but I also learn how to solve my problem and not ‘run away’ from it.”

Both she and Laffan agreed that while having an emotional support K-pop boy can be comforting and beneficial, it is not a substitute for a trained mental health professional and shouldn’t be treated as such.

“Idols are not qualified to give evidence-based and compassionate mental health advice or treatment,” said Laffan, noting that relying on idols for counselling also burdens them with responsibilities they are not equipped to handle. Unlike K-pop idols, licensed psychologists can help people work through their problems and develop ways to address them.

”Speaking from my experience, I also feel so relieved that I can finally talk about my problems to other people,” said Safithri. “I know it’s not easy, but it’s still worth trying!”

Still, for day-to-day comfort and inspiration, the empowering message and presence of an emotional support K-pop boy can lend fans the strength to push forward in hard times.

“Namjoon and Yoongi’s lyrics and speeches helped me open up finally and talk to my friends and family about me getting professional help,” said Lynn, referencing BTS’ song "Paradise" in particular. “Actually listening to their lyrics made me realize that a lot of what I was feeling was okay and very common and that strangely gave me comfort and hope that I could be helped.”

“I hit one of the lowest points in my life roughly at the same moment where I really got into Seventeen,” said Len. “And for that year, [Jun] was a beacon of light to me. I wouldn't say he saved my life, but he kept me sane, and I really wish I could thank him. I think he should know that he has brought me so much joy by simply being himself.”

Interviews have been lightly edited for clarity and grammar.

If you are experiencing emotional distress, you can contact the Disaster Distress Helpline by calling 1-800-985-5990 or texting TalkWithUs to 66746.In 2018, the League of Legends World Championship opened in stunning fashion, thanks to an augmented reality concert from a virtual K-pop group called K/DA. The video for the virtual group’s first single, “Pop/Stars,” currently has more than 360 million views on Facebook, and K/DA inspired its own niche of fandom. Now, in the lead-up to this year’s World Championship, the group is back with a new single called “The Baddest.”

You can check out the song in the lyric video above (it has lyrics in both English and Korean), which embraces something of a new sound. The virtual members of K/DA remain the same — it’s made of League characters Ahri, Evelynn, Akali, and Kai’Sa — but the talent behind them has changed. This time around, real-world K-pop stars Soyeon and Miyeon are joined by American singers Bea Miller and Wolftyla.

In addition to the song, the group will also be releasing an EP later this year with what is described as “a wide breadth of artists” featured as collaborators. Each character also has a new look which, presumably, will be available as an in-game skin eventually, much like what happened after K/DA’s first music video.

Music continues to be a big part of the League experience, particularly when it comes to the game’s annual tentpole esports tournament. At last year’s event in Paris, a virtual hip-hop group called True Damage put on a three-song set with the help of holographic technology. (The virtual bandmates also had clothing designed by Louis Vuitton.)

The 2020 edition of Worlds will take place in Shanghai starting on September 25th, with the championship match — and presumably another eye-catching opening ceremony — to be held at the Pudong Football Stadium on October 31st.

And speaking of opening ceremonies, despite taking place in an empty arena, the Chinese League of Legends Pro League put on an impressive display ahead of its summer championship game today:EXCLUSIVE: Seoul Searching director Benson Lee is set to direct 20th Century Studios’ Untitled K-Pop feature film from Scooter Braun’s SB Projects and Epic Magazine.

Story follows a young Asian-American college student from the U.S. who becomes a top competitor on South Korea’s toughest k-pop competition show and chases her dreams of becoming a k-pop star, despite the disapproval of her family.

Elyse Hollander is attached to write. Braun and James Shin are attached as producers with Scott Manson as executive producer on behalf of SB Projects. Joshua Davis and Arthur Spector are producing on behalf of Epic Magazine with Epic’s Joshuah Bearman executive producing. John Zaozirny is attached as executive producer on behalf of Bellevue Productions.

The Korean-American director received rave reviews for his 2015 coming-of-age dramedy Seoul Searching following his directing debut in Battle of the Year. Lee is represented by WME, Marathon Management and Andrew Hurwitz.

Hollander writing credits include Blonde Ambition and Murder on the Dance Floor. She is represented by Bellevue Productions and Hansen, Jacobson.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.There’s no denying that the Hallyu Wave has taken the world by storm, charming the globe with their spellbinding choreography and versatile styles with powerful messages.

While Singapore may be a plane ride away from South Korea, its role behind the creation process of K-pop songs remains unknown to most. In fact, some Singaporeans were behind popular hits from GOT7, TXT, Henry, F(X), and 4MINUTE, and some have even shared the stage with K-pop idols such as Jung Yong Hwa and Jay Park.

This National Day, Bandwagon celebrates these unsung Singaporeans who have played their respective roles in the K-pop scene. Here are 9 K-pop songs that were created together with Singaporeans:

Singapore made its foray into the K-pop industry in 2012 with the now-defunct girl group SKarf, consisting of two Singaporean members, Ferlyn and Tasha. Debuting as a Korea-Singapore project under Alpha Entertainment, SKarf caught international attention with their girlish pop jam ‘Oh! Dance’ from their debut self-titled album Skarf. Despite the immense pressure of being the first Singaporean K-pop idols, the duo took it in their stride and made their mark beyond the little red dot.

If you are a fan of K-pop singer-songwriter Henry Lau, you may have heard of Gen Neo, the 31-year-old Singaporean singer-songwriter, producer, and composer who is behind many SM Entertainment hits.

In 2013, Neo worked with Henry, Neil Nallas, and Isaac Han in their music production team Noize Bank to compose ‘1-4-3 (I Love You)’ featuring former F(x) member Amber Liu. Conveying the boyish innocence and shyness of a love-struck man, Henry cheekily sings the code ‘1-4-3’, which represent the number of letters in each word in ‘I Love You’. With its upbeat and catchy chorus, the song peaked at 35 on Korea’s Gaon Chart and became the first of many more tracks he wrote for Lau’s albums.

Besides writing tracks for Lau, Neo also wrote b-side ‘Goodbye Summer', which featured EXO’s main vocalist D.O. in the now-defunct girl group F(x)’s second studio album Pink Tape. On top of working with Amber for music and arrangement, Neo was responsible for utilising acoustic instruments to produce the background tones of the track. Although ‘Goodbye Summer’ was rarely performed live, the duet remains a fan-favourite among for both f(x) and EXO fans for its unmistakable guitar riffs and sweet harmonies.

Homegrown Mandopop singer-songwriter JJ Lin, who is set to sing an English version of 'Stay With You' for Singapore's 55th National Day, is also featured on this list for his 2015 collaboration ‘Checkmate’ with lead vocalist and guitarist Jung Yong Hwa of K-pop boy band CNBLUE. This was included in Jung's debut solo studio album One Fine Day. In an interview, Jung said the song conveys the message that "we'd always be there for each other although our nationalities are different". As such, the first half of the song is sung by Jung in Korean and the latter by Lin in Mandarin.

Singaporean rapper ShiGGa Shay takes the local hip-hop scene to another level with his collaboration with Jay Park for a remix of 'You Know'. Besides dedicating some of his lyrics to Singapore, ShiGGa Shay seamlessly rides on the beat with his baritone flows which are complemented by Park’s rhythmic vocals. Last year, ShiGGa Shay even made a surprise appearance to perform an unreleased track with Park for his SEXY 4EVA tour in Singapore.

As part of now-defunct 4Minute’s final EP Act. 7, Neo had worked on music, arrangement, and lyrics for their b-side ‘No Love’, which was written alongside members Hyuna and Ji-yoon. Unlike 4Minute’s fierce electropop bangers like ‘Hate’ and ‘What’s Your Name?’, ‘No Love’ perfectly portrayed the members’ emotional vulnerability after a break-up while still showing off Gayoon's honey-like vocals.

Following in the footsteps of Tasha and Ferlyn is 24-year-old Cheris from 5-member girl group GBB, which debuted with the 2018 retro-pop dance track ‘Kemi’. Translating to ‘Chemistry’ in English, ‘Kemi’ is an energetic number with an infectious chorus conveying the girls’ determination to get their love interest to fall for them with their beauty and charms.

Despite being only 72 seconds long, another one of Neo’s masterpieces ‘I Love It’ for GOT7 packs a punch with its R&B inspired beats. As part of GOT7’s 2018 album Present: You & Me, Neo worked on the music, arrangement, and lyrics with Jackson Wang for the track. Besides showcasing Wang’s baritone flows, Bambam and Yugyeom’s vocals, the track sends an empowering message that the trio will not be bound by the judgments of others with the lyrics ‘I’ll do anything I want, I’ll live any way I want’.

Lastly, the energetic and youthful dance number from 'Blue Orangeade' performed by Big Hit Entertainment’s newest K-pop boy group Tomorrow X Together (TXT)'s was choreographed by Alif Archo, a Singaporean dance choreographer and instructor at Danz People studio. According to Archo, the entertainment company behind BTS contacted him to work on this track in November 2018 and he immediately took up the opportunity to show off his pride in being Singaporean.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.As fervent fans save up to buy rich superstars gifts they can easily afford, celebrities like IU, Exo’s Xiumin, Shinee’s Taemin and BTS have called for fans to express their appreciation in more measured ways – because they can no longer walk around their homes due to the number of gifts piling up13 years ago, SM Entertainment's first girl group made their entrance to the K-pop scene. At that time in 2007, K-pop's international presence was almost unheard of, but years down the road, the nine members of Girls' Generation won the hearts of many, sparked a global phenomenon through their countless chart-topping comebacks, and re-defined the world of K-pop in many ways.

Girls' Generation earned themselves the title of 'The Nation's Girl Group', having stood the test of time across a diverse spectrum of concepts - you name it, they've done it. They have also become the first Asian girl group to achieve five music videos with over 100 million views on YouTube with 'Gee', 'I Got a Boy', 'The Boys', 'Mr. Taxi', and 'Oh!'.

OT9 (one true nine), a term that their Sones (fanclub name) hold fondly to their hearts, was not built in one day. With #13summerswithGG trending on Twitter on 5 August and the celebration of their 13th debut anniversary making the hearts of Sones full, Bandwagon looks back on the past 13 years with the 'No.1 Girl Group in the world'.

Here are 9 best moments where Girls' Generation changed the tides of the K-pop wave and emerged as one of the strongest girl groups till today.

1. 'Into The New World' became a global anthem for empowerment

5 August marks 13 years since the voices of Girls' Generation were first heard by the world. The nine members who were still fresh in their early 20s, delivered a song with lyrics radiating with positivity.

The empowering lyrics of the song which encourages one to step 'Into The New World' despite the uncertainties that the future may hold and to never give up on love led to the song being used as an anthem for change.

The song was heard at the Womens' March in New York, the Ehwa Womens' University protests of 2016, LGBTQ+ rights protests, as part of South Korea's #Metoo campaigns, as well as the celebration of abortion law repeal in South Korea.

2. 'Gee' was the hit song that established Girls' Generation's global presence

The single 'Gee' from their first mini album was one that became a Youtube phenomenon with its music video. The addictive chorus that goes "Gee gee gee gee gee" got everyone around the world singing along and tapping their feet to the bubbly song.

'Gee' also sparked flashmobs all over the world and here is a video of Sones coming together for a flashmob in Thailand in 2009.

3. 'Genie' was Girls' Generation's key to dominating the Japanese market

Girls' Generation's Tell Me Your Wish (Genie) was their second EP and it saw the girls dressing up as flight attendants in a fresh concept.

The korean version of 'Genie' saw monumental performances, including the performance at a helipad which became the most watched performance in the history of South Korea with a total of 8.6 million viewers. The song also accompanied the announcement of election results in South Korea.

Girls' Generation also made their Japanese debut with their Japanese version of 'Genie', which dominated the Japanese music charts, ranking #1 on iTunes Japan and peaked at #2 on Oricon's daily charts. The single was also certified platinium by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ).

4. 'Oh!' made them the first and only girl group to win a Disk Daesang at the Golden Disc Awards

In 2010, Girls' Generation became the first girl group in history to win the Disk Daesang, the grand honour of all awards, at the Golden Disc Awards in South Korea. This was after the release of the second studio album Oh!, which was their iconic cheerleader concept.

After winning two Digital Daesangs in 2009 and 2011 respectively, Girls' Generation became the first girl group in history to win grand prizes three years in a row.

In 2012, Girls' Generation formed a three-member sub-unit with Taeyeon, Tiffany, and Seohyun. Their debut album Twinkle was an international success, being the first Korean artists to have a #1 album on Billboard's album charts.

Twinkle and their subsequent album Holler became the most-selling female sub-unit albums on South Korea's Hanteo album charts till today.

6. 'I Got A Boy' was when Girls' Generation peaked at their international stardom

On New Year's Day of 2013, Girls' Generation dropped their forth studio album I Got A Boy which featured the already popular pre-release single 'Dancing Queen'. The album explored the rebellious side of the girls with their hip-hop influenced tracks, which opened their doors to international fame.

The music video of 'I Got A Boy' went on to clinch Video of the Year at the inaugural YouTube Music Awards in 2013, beating the star-studded nominees including the likes of Psy's 'Gentleman', Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj's 'Beauty and A Beat', and Lady Gaga's 'Applause'.

Watch Tiffany's thank you speech at the Youtube Music Awards 2013 here:

7. The multi-fandom love for Girls' Generation is indestructible

Sones are no stranger to the legendary performance of 'The Boys' and 'I Got A Boy' at one of K-pop's largest joint concerts, Dream Concert, in 2013. With multi-coloured lightsticks waving together with the pink ocean of sones, this performance was one that made history because the fanchants from all other K-pop fandoms were overwhelmingly loud. It was even reported that KBS had to edit the record audio because the fanchants almost covered the voices of Girls' Generation.

8. OT8 on stage, but OT9 in Sones' hearts

Following Jessica's departure from the nine-member girl group, the remaining members still persisted in promoting as a group and giving their best to their international fanbase. In one of their last songs recorded together as nine, 'Indestructible', Jessica sang the line "This indestructible, unbreakable bond that can never be broken", which remained a memory frozen in the hearts of Sones.

Girls' Generation proceeded with their 'The Best' tour in Japan as an eight-membered Girls' Generation, and went on to produce their fifth Korean studio album Lion Heart in 2015. Every year, the members continued to gather and celebrate Tiffany's birthday in Korea, despite her frequent travels to the States. The celebration is held in conjunction with their debut anniversary, which are both in early August.

9. Holiday Night, Girls' Generation's 10th anniversary album, was a testament to the power of the girl group

10 years since they began, the K-pop scene has changed tremendously, welcoming in acts after acts of memorable groups that have held their influences over time. However, Girls' Generation's sixth Korean studio album Holiday Night was not just a celebration. It was a statement to the world, that Girls' Generation is here to stay.

Apart from Holiday Night being the first full album by a K-GG to reach #1 on iTunes Worldwide, it was also awarded 21 #1's on iTunes and won the Disk Bonsang at the Golden Disc Awards in 2018.

Listen to the best of Girls' Generation on Spotify:To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.K-pop super group BTS continues to break new ground, even amid a global pandemic. Earlier this month, the global superstars announced their fourth film, Break The Silence: The Movie, which is set to hit theaters (pandemic permitting) on September 24 and at midnight on Friday, August 21, the boy band released the music video for their latest single, “Dynamite,” and the K-pop group’s first single sung entirely in English, and it’s absolutely adorable. Rocking a pastel color palette right out of your candy-coated dreams, the BTS boys dance along to the Disco Pop track, singing about the simple pleasures in life like ice tea and Ping-Pong. “Shoes on get up in the morn / Cup of milk let’s rock and roll / King Kong kick the drum / Rolling on like a rolling stone.” Who doesn’t start their day with a cup of milk and King Kong kicking a drum? Check out the music video for BTS’s first fully English-language song, “Dynamite,” and imagine singing and dancing as well as these boys do in any language whatsoever.

Update, Monday, August 24, at 1:50 p.m.: Since there were obviously too many shots of the boys smizing in the camera to let go to waste, BTS dropped a “Dynamite” music video B-side, with double the adorable. More dance moves, more winks, more bell-bottoms, more Jungkook getting caught with a doughnut, and more V in that incredible green suit. Stay till the end for bloopers, then alternate between the above OG (now at 184 million views and climbing) and the B-side below.BTS has done it again. The Korean pop band broke YouTube record with their new song ‘Dynamite’ as they recorded a smashing 10 million views in just 20 minutes of the music video release.

In the next 40 minutes of its running, the music video recorded 20 million views.

‘Dynamite’ is the first song of the Korean pop band that was recorded completely in English.

In addition, BTS has single handedly obliterated the YouTube Premiere record, previously held by BLACKPINK's 'How You Like That' music video which drew 1.65 million concurrent viewers. 'Dynamite' attracted a live count of between 3 to 4 million people at once.

The music video keeps true to its name as it has awesome energy and is full of fun.

Watch the video for Dynamite here:

BTS will also be performing 'Dynamite' at their first MTV Video Music Awards, which are set to air live on 30 August.The 14th Grand Mint Festival will take place at Olympic Park, eastern Seoul, on Oct. 24 and 25 with a limited audience due to the spread of COVID-19. 



The festival organizers said they will sell less than half of the tickets sold in previous years. Last year around 40,000 tickets were sold. There will be no standing room entrance. 



Attendees will be able to enjoy the festival in the picnic zone apart from each other to comply with social distancing guidelines. The organizers added that they will continue to update guidelines for the audience to follow via the website. 



Singer-songwriter Jeong Se-woon, Bolbbalgan4, K-pop artist Jung Eun-ji of Apink and rock band Daybreak, among others, will perform during the two-day festival. 



“We also included artists that were selected through the Korean Creative Content Agency’s music project Muse On 2020,” festival organizers said. 



Additional artists to perform at the all-genre music festival will be revealed on Sept. 3.



Tickets for the festival are available at online ticket booking platforms like ticket.interpark.com and ticket.yes24.com. 



The Grand Mint Festival started 13 years ago and is organized by Mint Paper, which also hosts the Beautiful Mint Life festival typically held in May. This year’s Beautiful Mint Life festival was canceled due to the coronavirus pandemic.



By Song Seung-hyun (ssh@heraldcorp.com)K-pop has long had a blind spot when it comes to race, but as the genre grows internationally, and with the ongoing Black Lives Matters protests, fans are

K-pop has expanded considerably over the last few years. South Korean artists that were once largely invisible outside of their home country now embark on huge world tours, receive western media attention, and collaborate with non-Asian artists. Yet as the K-pop industry has grown to incorporate a larger and more diverse base of international fans – and with it, their spending power – one issue that has never been fully confronted is that of cultural appropriation. With the worldwide rise of Black Lives Matter protests, appropriation has once again become a point of discussion among K-pop fans. Some fans are demanding change from the entertainment companies who hold power within the industry, others are attempting to educate their idols, and many are facing elements within the fandom who are either indifferent or outright hostile to the idea of change. Cultural appropriation and racial insensitivity in K-pop is nothing new. There are notorious instances of Blackface going back to at least 2003, when the Bubble Sisters wore Blackface for their debut cover art and promotional images. Things haven’t exactly gotten better since then: G-Dragon wore an Afro wig and comb in the “MichiGO” video, and MAMAMOO apologised after performing “Uptown Funk” in Blackface at a concert in 2017. Black people have also been the subject of stereotyping, like when Yuri of Girls Generation did a racist impression of Black people on KBS’s Invincible Youth in 2010, and Wendy of Red Velvet imitated ‘Black’ mannerisms in 2018. But not everything has been so blatant. K-pop stars have also appropriated Black, Brown, and Indigenous cultures as aesthetic concepts in their work. Girl group T-ara’s 2012 video “yayaya” showed the band in stereotypical Native American dress, while some idols – especially those who have drawn from Black music styles like hip hop and R&B, such as Zico, EXO’s Kai, and Bigbang’s Taeyang – have worn dreadlocs and braids, essentially performing Blackness for profit. Such incidents still occur today, such as with Chungha’s “Stay Tonight” visuals, which sparked controversy in late April with accusations that it appropriated Indian culture. Last month, MAMAMOO’s Hwasa – who has previously been criticised for singing the N-word and wearing a durag on top of MAMAMOO’s “Uptown Funk” performance – was accused of dressing in traditional Nigerian clothing buba on MBC’s Home Alone: Girls’ Secret Party, though the show’s producers denied this, claiming it was in fact a Korean sauna outfit.

Alex Reid was K-pop’s first Black idol, joining the group BP Rania from 2015 to 2017 after being recruited by a Korean entertainment company while in Los Angeles. She believes that many of these incidents stem from the fact that South Korea is such a racially homogenous country. “They don’t have as much experience first hand, so they take what they see without understanding the implications,” Reid explains. “It’s a hard transition for others who have never experienced other cultures.” She says she doesn’t fault the industry so far, but with the current international pressure of the Black Lives Matter movement, there’s “no excuse” not to try to improve things from now on. While working on an upcoming book that dives into her experiences as a Black woman in the industry, Reid realised that she often made excuses for situations that wouldn’t have happened to idols that weren’t Black. Sometimes, this would mean having to do her own hair and make-up; at other times it would mean getting styled differently to the girls in the group, or being given less stage time. “If you’re going to have a Black girl in the group, you need to have the resources,” Reid says. There are suggestions that things are improving. When ATEEZ’s Hongjoong was criticised for wearing cornrows in promotional images for their comeback single, “THANXX”, their parent company KQ issued a statement apologising within 24 hours. When solo singer Sunmi was called out for offending Indians with a seemingly mocking dance, she also issued an apology promising to do better. For all of these improvements, though, there are instances like XRO, a new group whose debut song “Welcome to My Jungle” used stereotypical Native American calling sounds and the lyrics “Call like an Indian / Dance like an Indian / Go crazy, we are Indian”, with a response that felt short. 20-year-old Indian student Nish was unhappy with BLACKPINK’s music video for “How You Like That”, in which a statue of Lord Ganesha was placed on the floor, defiling the religion of their Hindu fans. After a backlash, BLACKPINK’s entertainment company YG edited the image out of the video and replaced it with a vase. “We received no apology for it,” Nish says. “I was furious. I still am. Be it Desi culture, Black culture, or Middle Eastern culture, why are they not educating themselves and their artists? Even just a bit of research before adding something to a concept will be a huge help. It’s not that difficult.” She doesn’t accept that this is simply due to ignorance. “At first, I used to think it’s because they don’t have enough knowledge to understand why what they’re doing is wrong, but it kept happening, even after we called out various companies. That just makes me think it’s for publicity, because there’s no way the companies don’t keep an eye out for what’s happening in the industry.”

One fan, a 17-year-old student, was disappointed when (G)I-DLE’s Soyeon said in an interview with Billboard that she wanted to use Latin music to show off the “aggressive side” of the group for their music video “Senorita”. Their next video, “Uh Oh”, took clear inspiration from 90s Black and Latinx fashion and styling. “As a Latina, this made me frustrated and upset,” the fan says. The group have previously emphasised that they make their own concept decisions, with the girls attempting to go for – as they put it – an “ethnic hip” concept, which has manifested in stereotypes from and appropriations of Indian, Native American, and African cultures. The fan concluded that, especially for fandom, “it’s only when we try to bury the voices of those affected and trying to speak up and the problems happening are we stunting change and growth in an industry that could desperately benefit from it.” Stereotyping also bothers 26-year-old nurse Stephanie, who says that K-pop often uses Black hair “to evoke edginess, being wild/exotic, or some other stereotype that they’ll inevitably take off before the promo cycle ends”. She adds that “it’s improved since 2010, but the improvement feels marginal, because international fans have been making our feelings known for a good decade now, so there’s really no reason for incidents to keep happening.” 20-year-old Monjay talks about the ups and downs she’s experienced while stanning Got7: “Sometime in 2017, Jackson of Got7 wore dreads. I was pretty upset with how he responded to fans who called him out for his cultural appropriation. He proceeded to call Black fans ‘haters’ when we tried to explain why he was wrong for wearing it.” Now, “seeing Got7 members donate (to George Floyd’s memorial fund) honestly made me so emotional because of the mixed feelings I had towards the group. It was an indication of them learning from their past mistakes.” “As K-pop gets so much more popular (entertainment companies) will realise the consumers, their fans, are of different cultures than just East Asian cultures, and they’re going to realise they have to appeal to that market” – Alex Reid, musician and ex-BP Rania member Alex Reid believes that the K-pop industry will continue to learn lessons as it grows internationally and realises that it can’t take its diverse audience for granted. “As K-pop gets so much more popular,” she says, the entertainment companies will “realise the consumers, their fans, are of different cultures than just East Asian cultures, and they’re going to realise they have to appeal to that market.” She cites BTS as a group who’ve made conscious efforts to address and fix problematic incidents in their past, from appropriating Black hairstyles to using the N-word and mimicking African American Vernacular English. From respecting their Muslim fans by maintaining appropriate boundaries, to adjusting Korean lyrics so that international listeners don’t mistake it for the N-word, to donating $1 million to Black Lives Matter, Reid says that “BTS constantly sets the best example. They go out of their way to promote that message (of inclusivity). They’re always my example of what K-pop can look like. It’s coming to an important time that if the international audience doesn't see that there is true respect, it could be problematic.” Another step in the right direction came from Stray Kids, who, after a member wore what many fans interpreted as a Black caricature, made amends with a statement. When a fan won a video call with the group, she used the conversation to echo Black fans’ concerns – and the group actually listened. “I saw it as a really good start because it’s way more than we have gotten from some other groups and idols,” says Aaliya, a 21-year-old child care worker. “I can’t stand when fans make up excuses for these idols. They’re grown adults that should be held accountable. And no, I do not believe that they have no say. If they have hurt their fans in any way, they should speak up, no matter what.”

“The K-pop audience is such a responsible and proactive fanbase,” says Alex Reid. “They are very progressive and they want attention being paid to doing the right thing. They aren’t a fanbase that will cancel on a drop of a dime, they do give room for an apology.” With virtually no artist having not been subject to criticism, the difference in how fans perceive them lies in how the artists and their companies react and move forward when an issue is brought to their attention. Fixing these issues should be a priority as K-pop continues to expand. “The way that the businesses run, things are very compartmentalised,” adds Reid. “The team in charge of getting the song done doesn’t do the concept. They need better communication. They have international producers and artists they work with that would be willing to share.” In the past, these companies “never nitpicked or dissected what fans were saying, they never looked closely,” she says. As K-pop fans go out of their way to educate themselves on Korean culture, the artists and companies should do the same, especially in a world where Google, or Naver, is free. “With everything going on in the world,” Reid says, “people are looking with a magnifying glass.” This article has been updated to remove a translated quote from Home Alone: Girls’ Secret PartyWe know by now that to become a star in K-pop requires more resilience and motivation than one could ever imagine. Six day weeks; long days; training in singing, dancing, Japanese and English. You are primed to be a star and, for the ones who are tough enough to stick it out, fame and infinite admiration comes your way.

For BTS, that process took three years, from joining Big Hit Entertainment in 2010 to ‘debuting’, as K-pop acts do, in 2013. Now, they’re arguably the biggest K-pop band in the world. But there’s a new group on the horizon, born as part of YG Entertainment, who rep the iconic BLACKPINK, who could be coming to stand toe-to-toe with their legendary predecessors. Their name is TREASURE, and after years of waiting, we get our first idea of what their music sounds like this Friday.

Having already racked up over 1.35 million followers on YouTube and 1.6 million on Instagram, the group’s debut single “Boy” drops on 7 August, and fans are already gearing up for it to be a hit. In fact, they’ve broken the pre-order record for a rookie YG Entertainment group, with 100,000 copies of a song nobody’s heard having already shifted.

So what is it that’s getting K-pop fans so excited about TREASURE? Well, here’s your quick lowdown on everything we know about the group so far.

They’re YG’s first new K-Pop band in four years

Part of the hysteria that surrounds TREASURE is down to the fact that YG Entertainment, known for birthing brilliant K-pop stars, has waited a long time to debut a new band. In 2015, the seven-piece male group iKon debuted, with BLACKPINK following a year later. But since then there has been relative silence on new artists. BLACKPINK have made history, performing at Coachella and playing massive international venues, but in the background, TREASURE have been forming too.

They were born from a TV talent show

Like many K-pop acts, TREASURE first formed on a televised competition, or ‘survival show’, titled YG Treasure Box. In the winter of 2018/19, 29 male artists competed to become part of the final line-up of TREASURE. The original plan was to split TREASURE13, a 13-piece group, into two separate entities: TREASURE AND MAGNUM, though they would both make music under the TREASURE13 banner. But that plan, originally used as a way of letting each boy flex their talent, has been scrapped, and after one member, Ha Yoonbin, left at the end of 2019, the group went forward as a 12-piece.

They’re all between 15 and 22

The group may have been toiling at their craft for around a year and a half already, but TREASURE’s line-up are bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Their oldest member is Choi Hyunsuk, a rapper/dancer who has been training with YG for five years. He’s 22. On the other hand, Junghwan is just 15 years old, and has been training for almost three years.

Haruto seems to be the reigning bias

Fans have been following TREASURE’s career for some time now, and it seems like the general consensus points towards Haruto being everybody’s bias (a term used to describe the fan favourite). At 17 years old, he’s being framed as TREASURE’s “number one visual”, which essentially means he’s the head heartthrob going forth. Interestingly, he’s also YG’s first ever Japanese artist.

One member has already made his solo debut

Since the TREASURE debut has been pushed back several times already, some of the group have been kickstarting their solo careers in the meantime. In June, Bang Ye-Dam released his solo track: a melancholy acoustic number with a surprise sexy flute twist at the end, called “Wayo”. Two months later, it’s acquired over 11 million views.

Their first single album drops Friday

And after all of that, fans will finally get to hear their first single album (imagine an EP but with two tracks + instrumentals) on Friday. Both “Boy” and “Come to Me” will hit digital streaming services then, with the physical versions of the record dropping the following week. These are obviously native to South Korea, but if you do some online snooping you’ll find versions to buy in Europe and America too. Start collecting — these often sell out quickly, and become collector’s items in the years to come.Choose a title track that came out in 2020:While most of these youngsters' accidentally found out about the nationwide K-Pop contest - that sees dance as well as vocal competitions - all of them thank themselves retrospectively for taking the opportunity. Many have also started to learn the Korean language and pick up the subtler nuances of Korean culture.

Subiksha, another Chennai-based participant, says she "got interested in K-pop because it was a unique type of music to listen to at that time (2009), was super catchy, amazing music videos and was slowly getting popular!"

Ignited Spirits, 2019 regional round winners from Andhra Pradesh's Guntur, says: "I first got to know about K-Pop by myself while I was surfing through YouTube. The first group that I encountered was BTS and I was so excited watching the songs. After knowing about Kpop, I was really fascinated and thought to make a dance cover of BTS - Boy with Luv, then, got to know about K-Pop contest by some of my friends... and then the journey of started."

Paris, a group member of 'The Chaser', which won Lucknow round last year, told IANSlife "K-Pop in India has grown immensely popular in the last few years and promises to go only uphill from here. After Gangnam Style, BTS and Blackpink brought incredible exposure for all the music enthusiasts in India. However, the mainstream Indian audience is yet to recognize K-Pop for its incredibly talented artists."

Anupriya, from the same group adds: "Being a fan of Anime the idols looked more like anime boys dancing around and they were really cool. Also these idols broke the stereotype of how a male should look or behave. Also the way they were portrayed in front of media and their relationship with the fans were more appealing plus their hard-work. All these were new to me so I was captivated."

Her team member Snigdha shared that all of her friends know about K-Pop and most of them have their Spotify filled with their kpop artists. Ishitaa says: "As compared to when I first got into K-Pop, there are actually a lot of people around me who know about it! I do think it is slowly but surely entering the mainstream more."To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Big Hit Entertainment, the talent agency behind the hugely popular Korean pop boy band, received preliminary approval this month to list on the country's stock market.

The company is run by CEO Bang Si-Hyuk, a longtime music producer who is credited with creating BTS and setting it on the road to stardom in 2013. Bang is the major shareholder of Big Hit, with about 43% of the company's stock, according to a stock exchange filing.

In a statement, the exchange confirmed that the firm had met its listing requirements and could move forward with its market debut. The move would give retail investors a chance to get in on the action around the seven-member group, whose breakout success has been compared with that of the Beatles.

The band, whose name stands for "Beyond the Scene," is known for its legions of loyal fans around the world, who call themselves the "ARMY." The group is one of the few "K-pop" bands to break into Western markets. Last year, BTS became only the third group in 50 years — after The Beatles and The Monkees — to have three number one albums on the Billboard 200 charts in less than 12 months. The band's success has helped Big Hit carve out a lucrative empire. Last year, the company said it brought in about 587.2 billion won ($496 million) in revenue, and 98.7 billion won ($83 million) in operating profit. While BTS is its biggest act, it's not the only earnings driver. Big Hit also manages singer Lee Hyun and Tomorrow x Together, another South Korean boy band. The agency reportedly has grand ambitions for its initial public offering. Earlier this year, the Financial Times reported that Big Hit was aiming to raise 1.2 trillion won ($990 million) in a listing in the second half of the year, citing an unidentified source. According to the newspaper, sources believe the company could be worth as much as 6 trillion won ($5 billion). Last week, Reuters reported that some analysts expect the company could be worth more than 4 trillion won ($3.4 billion) when it goes public. Big Hit declined to share details about its IPO and did not respond to a request for comment about its valuation. The company has recently found ways to overcome some of the financial challenges spurred by the coronavirus pandemic, which has wiped out concert and event schedules around the world. In a video presentation last week, the company reported 294 billion won ($248 million) in revenue and 49.7 billion won (about $42 million) in operating profit for the first half of 2020. Bang noted that the company was helped by "not only album and music sales," but also by holding online concerts that fans can watch from home and selling branded merchandise. "Various areas drove profit," he said.When the worlds of K-pop and K-drama collide, any Hallyu fan would find themselves in seventh heaven.

Over the years, the emergence of our favourite K-pop idols starring in popular K-dramas has filled fans with anticipation and surprise, especially when they get to see an entirely different side of their idol outside of their singing and dancing. While juggling musical performances and drama shoots, the double careers of these stars almost sound like a superhuman feat.

10 K-drama OST picks from Crash Landing on You, Hotel Del Luna, The King: Eternal Monarch, and more

From EXO's D.O. to BLACKPINK's Jisoo, here are 8 K-pop idols who will make you fall in love with any character they play:

One of South Korea's most sought-after vocalists, IU never fails to stun the world with her rich discography of styles from jazz, ballad, R&B, pop, and more. Most recently, her collaborative single with BTS' Suga, 'Eight', stole the top spot of music charts for consecutive weeks upon its release.

IU first hit the screens of Korean television playing the main cast in 2011 drama Dream High alongside Kim Soo Hyun, Suzy, and 2PM's Taecyeon. She subsequently starred in The Producers (2015), as well as helmed roles in Bel Ami (2012) and You Are The Best (2012). Exuding beauty and grace, IU's role as the hotel owner in Hotel Del Luna (2019) earned the series its wide acclaim, with IU winning Best Actress at the 8th Korea First Brand Awards.

Do Kyungsoo, or widely known by his stage name D.O., has been part of SM Entertainment boy band EXO since their debut with 'MAMA' in 2012. He is currently serving mandatory military service and is expected to complete service in January 2021.

On the day of his enlistment, D.O. released a solo track which he co-wrote, 'That's Okay', through the SM Station project.

D.O.'s acting career was highly celebrated by the television and film industry, since he earned the title of Best New Actor at the 3rd APAN Star Awards for his television debut in It's Okay, That's Love in 2013. Following that success, D.O. starred in My Annoying Brother (2016), Along With The Gods: The Last 49 Days (2017), 100 Days My Prince (2018), and Swing Kids (2018). In his journey, he took home many prominent awards from the Baeksang Arts Awards and the Buil Film Awards.

Debuting in 2010 alongside the likes of INFINITE, CNBLUE, Teen Top, and more, Park Hyung Sik was a member of nine-piece boy band ZE:A as well as their subunit, ZE:A Five.

While the group was still actively releasing music, Hyung Sik took up acting roles most notably in The Heirs (2013), High Society (2015), She Was Pretty (2015), and Hwarang (2016). After ZE:A announced their hiatus, Hyung Sik continued to pursue his acting career, with main roles in Strong Girl Do Bong-Soon (2017) and Suits (2018).

Despite being eliminated from Mnet's Superstar K singing competition in 2009, Bae Suzy has climbed the ranks and found her place in the spotlight over the last decade. Debuting under JYP Entertainment girl group Miss A, the group had promising singles such as 'Good Bye Baby', 'Bad Girl Good Girl', and 'Hush', until they parted ways in 2017. Till today, one of Suzy's notable singles was the collaboration with EXO's Baekhyun, 'Dream':

Suzy's stellar acting gained recognition after her screen debut in Dream High (2011), where she played as the main cast. Continuing to helm main roles in award-winning dramas Gu Family Book (2013), While You Were Sleeping (2017), and Vagabond (2019), she showcased her diverse talents across her historical, romance, and action roles.

When Park Soo Young debuted as part of SM Entertainment girl group Red Velvet in 2014, she chose the stage name Joy because she wanted to be her fans' happy pill. The lead rapper and vocalist of Red Velvet is actively performing with the group and they released their chart-topping comeback track 'Psycho' at the end of 2019.

Joy is no newcomer to the television industry, having won her first award as an actress at the MBC Entertainment Awards in 2015 with her stint in reality romance series We Got Married. She subsequently took on lead roles in The Liar and His Lover (2017) and Tempted (2018), and has starred as a voice actress in Dreamworks' animated film Trolls World Tour (2020) alongside the Red Velvet girls.

The current leader of K-pop boy band BtoB, Yook Sung Jae, has been a part of the group since their debut in 2012 with their self-titled EP Born to Beat. Over the years, the group has released notable tracks such as 'Beep Beep' 'I'll Be Your Man', and 'Missing You'. They also performed at the 2016 KCON in New York and won their first Bonsang award at the 1st Soribada Best K-music Awards.

Before enlisting for military service this May, Sung Jae took up main roles in popular K-drama series such as Reply 1994 (2013), Who Are You: School 2015 (2015), Guardian: The Great and Lonely God (2016-2017). Most recently, Sung Jae acted in supernatural fantasy drama Mystic Pop-up Bar which aired on Netflix in May.

Girls' Generation's Yoona has been a well-loved face in K-pop since the girl group's debut in 2007. After more than a decade with the girls, she is still a part of their latest five-piece subunit Oh!GG and also released her debut solo EP A Walk To Remember in 2019 in celebration of her 29th birthday.

With You Are My Destiny in 2008, Yoona emerged as a prominent new actress in her time, clinching the Best New Actress award at the 23rd KBS Drama Awards and the 45th Baeksang Arts Awards. She then continued her romance drama streak with Cinderella Man (2009), Love Rain (2012), and Prime Minister and I (2013). Fans can also look out for her new drama Hush coming up soon this year.

Debuting in 2014 as part of YG Entertainment's hit girl group sensation BLACKPINK, Kim Jisoo may be the newest addition to the K-pop scene in this list. However, the group's groundbreaking successes, including collaborations with Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa, and the upcoming one with Selena Gomez have defined the quartet's musical prowess.

Since Jisoo's first cameo in The Producers (2015), fans would not have conjured up the possibility of her taking up a lead role alongside BLACKPINK's hectic promotion schedule in 2020. Jisoo will be playing the lead in Snowdrop, which was written by Yoo Hyun Mi and directed by Jo Hyun Tak, both who renowned for the drama series Sky Castle (2018).It’s taken just four years for Blackpink to become one of the biggest girl bands in the world, with members Jennie, Jisoo, Rosé and Lisa continuing to smash new records and forge new ground. They were the first K-pop girl group to play at Coachella and to reach 1bn YouTube views — now they’re the most-subscribed-to music group on the platform — as well as being the first girl group from any country to feature on Forbes Asia’s 30 Under 30 list.

In 2019, they broke three Guinness World Records with the single Kill This Love, which has had more than 312m plays on Spotify and over 824m YouTube views — a mere fraction of the quartet’s billions of streams, downloads, views and followers. That same year they also undertook the most financially successful concert tour by a Korean female group. They’re front-row fixtures at runway shows and the faces of mega brands including Chanel, Puma, Louis Vuitton and Dior. And all this with just a handful of songs in their repertoire. How on earth did they do it?

As the first girl group in seven years out of YG Entertainment (home to K-pop legends BIGBANG, 2NE1 and formerly, Psy), excitement prior to Blackpink’s August 2016 debut had built to fever pitch. There were big shoes to fill; the beloved, trailblazing four-member girl group 2NE1 were over and Blackpink were expected to revive the bold EDM pop sound they’d embodied. Their debut, Square One, was an overnight smash, the insistent build of Whistle and cocky chorus on Boombayah making for a short but thrilling introduction.

In November 2016, second single album Square Two featured a pop banger (Playing With Fire), an acoustic version of Whistle and Stay, a country-influenced track that allowed them to flex their vocal wings away from their ‘girl crush’ concept (K-pop vernacular for a fiery look and sound that’s proved immensely popular with international audiences).

Though dubbed ‘the new 2NE1’ during their rookie days, watching some of their first appearances on Korean variety shows brings into focus not only Blackpink’s chaotically entertaining presence but the determination to carve out their own identities. Vocalist Jisoo has become a face for beauty brands Kiss Me and Dior; rapper and vocalist Jennie has branched out as a soloist and a powerful influencer; New Zealand-born Rosé’s distinct vocal has seen her on hits for G-Dragon, while Thailand-born rapper and dancer Lisa is the most-followed K-pop star on Instagram.

Then, and now, they recognise the need for each other to complete the group alchemy that’s endeared them to millions. “I don’t think a specific member should do more dancing or one member does more singing. I think Blackpink’s harmony is complete because of each person’s energy,” Jennie told Vogue Korea earlier this year.

Avril, a 16-year-old Blink (Blackpink’s fandom name) from Peru discovered them in 2018. “Everything about them made me become a fan,” she tells Vogue over Twitter. “The way they perform, their iconic songs and choreos, their friendship, even the way they dress. Blackpink were on a whole new level.” Meanwhile, McElvin, a 22-year-old long-time K-pop fan in the Philippines, was on board even before their debut. “Blackpink has this engaging, charismatic feeling,” he explains via Twitter. “They’re the visualization of pure talent and energy that a K-pop girl group must have. They’re the whole package for me.”

The longstanding vision of K-pop as a blinged-out, ultra-slick fantasy world was created by three labels — YG Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and SM Entertainment. YG is renowned for maximalist visuals and a heavy, club-friendly sound devised by in-house writer/producer Teddy Park — the man behind some of K-pop’s biggest, hookiest hits. On Blackpink’s 2018 Ddu-du-ddu-du (DDDD for short) all these elements aligned to produce an irresistible pop package.

Nineteen-year-old Ally (not her real name), a Singaporean who runs a sizeable fan account on Twitter calls DDDD “their total breakthrough”. Success lay in the catchy titular refrain, the memorable finger-gun dance and a gloriously excessive video, but also in Blackpink themselves as aspirational but emulatable, aesthetically fierce but not intimidating, killer on stage but adorable off it. The four-track EP, Square Up, would go platinum in South Korea, DDDD would reach gold in the US, becoming their first billion-view video, and Kill This Love would make them the first-ever Korean girl group to enter the UK singles chart.

Is less more?

These milestones came via a fandom that had grown rapidly since late 2016, but who had to wait eight months for 2017’s single As If It’s Your Last, then an entire year for its follow-up Square Up. One release per year was once standard in K-pop, when there were fewer groups fighting for a share of a small domestic market. Groups now average two or three releases (known as ‘comebacks’) a year in a bid to grow and maintain fandoms, but YG Entertainment — one of South Korea’s oldest K-pop agencies — remained unapologetically committed to less is more.

It’s not a failsafe plan — it draws constant fan criticism, petitions and boycott threats — but the old-school approach, in an era of oversaturation and instant gratification, has created heightened desire and demand. It’s turned every comeback into a global event and has funnelled the fandom’s streaming power into the kind of headline-making, spreadsheet-melting numbers that have seduced many a label executive.

Like many successful musicians, Blackpink understands the power in marrying the worlds of music and fashion. Their innate understanding of style has made them hot property, with the girls now FROW fixtures at Fashion Week. In September 2019, Jisoo popped to London for Burberry, while Rosé wowed at Saint Laurent (and was also asked by Anthony Vaccarello to be brand ambassador). Meanwhile, Jennie found herself next to Cardi B at Chanel, for whom she is also a brand ambassador.

In February 2020, Lisa — currently muse for Hedi Slimane’s Celine — took a trip to Milan for Prada’s AW20 shows. Given their proven selling power — magazines have reported needing to print quadruple copies to supply demand, their tours sell out in seconds — the relationship between the band and fashion’s leading houses will long continue to flourish.

Blackpink signed to US-based Interscope Records in late 2018, a direct play for the American market and something no South Korean girl group had tried since Girls’ Generation in 2012. Despite their skill and experience, Blackpink’s awkward, lackluster February 2019 performances on Good Morning America and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert were widely panned. But in front of a vast, mostly K-pop-unaware audience at Coachella, the universality of the group’s songs bloomed, earning rave reviews. A high point was the rousing Kill This Love, the title single from their new EP.

Kill This Love would go UK top 40 and US top 50, making Blackpink and BTS the only South Korean pop groups to have impacted these hard-to-reach singles charts. There will always be those dismissive of K-pop for reasons such as the language barrier yet, for decades, non-Korean-speaking audiences have connected in meaningful ways to its songs, and Blackpink is no exception. “They have [tracks] that can make you sentimental, songs to boost your confidence, you can literally dance all your sadness away just listening to them,” says McElvin, while Sansi, an 18-year-old French Blink, describes their tracks via email as “a mix between sad and joyful. Blackpink puts so much love into everything they do, their energy and positive auras are so strong.”

It’s rare that the members aren’t busy, even when there isn’t a release to promote. They often turn to Instagram to communicate with their combined 128 million followers (including the main Blackpink account), and have focused on solidifying their A-list status as fashion icons (such as Jennie’s recent collaboration with luxury eyewear brand Gentle Monster), industry mentors and accidental viral queens (Lisa’s stint on survival show Youth With You and her performance video that became a Did it work? meme).

And finally, a year after their last record, the wait is almost over. There’s the forthcoming Lady Gaga collaboration, Sour Candy, on her album Chromatica, and a June comeback from the band itself. Blinks are ecstatic. “They never disappoint,” says Avril. “Their name is becoming bigger and bigger, and I couldn’t be more proud. They deserve it.” Undoubtedly the new material will be a success; there’s nowhere for the quartet to go except up.

The question might be, what exactly does this success look like? Could they eventually be the first K-pop girl group to break the west? The opportunity is there for the taking, but that means new successes must be capitalised upon and old strategies reexamined and refined. Now is the time for Blackpink to really be the revolution.

More from Vogue.fr

K-Pop star Lisa Manoban gives us all a lesson in Parisian chic

7 K-pop stars shaking up the front row during fashion month

Blackpink will release a new album in June

More from Vogue on YouTube:OPINION: The best gig I ever attended was a K-pop concert.

I was living in Dubai at the time, and 30 Korean popstars had jetted in for a music festival. I was K-curious – I knew the moves to the 2012 Psy smash hit Gangnam Style – but I didn’t really know what to expect.

My mind was blown. I stood there, surrounded by thousands of screaming fans – some who had travelled from Saudi Arabia – as their onstage idols executed ridiculously complicated dance routines while singing and rapping flawlessly.

Not knowing Korean, I had no idea what they were singing about, but the tunes were so catchy they were stuck in my head for weeks (as an example, look up Chewing Gum by NCT Dream on YouTube).

K-pop has taken the world by storm over the past decade, with groups like BTS and Blackpink building a global fan base that makes the likes of One Direction and Justin Bieber seem small-fry by comparison.

READ MORE:

 * 'My favourite destination': K-pop stars BTS fall in love with New Zealand

 * K-pop stamps Korea's mark on the world

 * The Kiwis riding the K-Pop music wave



Which is why it’s great to see TVNZ recognising the phenomenon with their new show K-Pop Academy, which you can watch on the TVNZOnDemand platform.

The show follows a diverse squad of Kiwi tweens and teens as they take part in a two-week K-pop boot camp led by local dancer-choreographer extraordinaire Rina Chae.

We watch the hopefuls go through singing and dancing auditions, before being selected and divided into groups. Some have years of formal dance training behind them, but plenty more have taught themselves K-pop moves through YouTube videos.

Chae – who has worked with Beyonce and Justin Bieber in her dance career – is a formidable instructor, and knows how to turn her pupils into star performers. In a fun addition, each episode is accompanied by a dance tutorial video from Chae, so viewers can attempt to recreate the moves at home.

While entertaining, the show is definitely aimed at younger fans, and parents hoping to understand their teen’s obsession with BTS probably won’t be any more enlightened.

But watching these young people from diverse backgrounds come together through their shared love of the genre, it’s obvious there’s much more to K-pop than just flashy costumes and killer dance routines.

If you're new to K-pop, here’s five bands every beginner should know about:

This seven-member boy band is one of the biggest music acts on the planet. Since their debut in 2013, they’ve sold more than 20 million albums, making them the best-selling Korean artists of all time.

The girl group made history last year by becoming the first K-pop act to perform at the US music festival Coachella.

Another massive boy band, EXO debuted in 2012 and have embarked on several sold-out world tours. The band is currently on hiatus, as three members are completing their compulsory military service.

One of the bands that helped kick off the global K-pop craze, Big Bang have been around since 2006 and have influenced many of today’s artists. The group are as famous for their cutting-edge style as they are for their songs.

Another legendary K-pop act, this nine-member girl group was compared to the Spice Girls at the peak of their fame in the early 2010s. They’ve since shifted their focus to solo projects.No queuing for toilets, no paying for overpriced drinks and in theory a show can’t be sold out – will online live concerts become the new norm post-Covid-19? Using AR, 3D CG effects and live chat interaction with fans, for Gen Z music fans, this is a tough gig to beatTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.On any given day, major English-language media outlets may be covering a handful, if any, topics relating to South Korea’s pop music industry industry. And while there are K-pop-specific English-language news sites, many fans of Korean pop acts turn to fan translators on social media platforms as the most accessible news source. These fan translators on Twitter are shaping the way South Korean entertainment news is disseminated to non-Korean-speaking fans, and doing it for free.

Acting like realtime wires that exist beyond the realm of journalism, accounts like @balloon_wanted (henceforth known as balloon) and @OH_mes2 (aka OH_mes) translate news relating to South Korea’s entertainment industry, taking content from major news outlets in South Korea and translating them. While there are many, many fan translators for specific fandoms, and some, like @BTS_Trans, have well over 1 million followers, accounts like OH_mes and balloon are more general, and, as of publication, have around 448,000 and 64,000 respectively.

As fan translators, balloon and OH_mes spend time just about every day bringing news to K-pop fans on Twitter, oftentimes faster than many, if not all, English-language media entities. Each month, their follower counts grow by several thousand as new individuals find their translations to be of interest. Their popularity comes at a time that fan-run aggregation sites aren’t new for pop culture, and they’re prevalent on Twitter, where accounts like Pop Crave and Chart Data have become important information sources.

To them, this free labor fills a void in the divide between South Korea’s entertainment industry and it’s international audiences, and they take their work quite seriously. While they’re both intent on keeping their identities anonymous due to the sensitivity of their work and K-pop Stan Twitter, each spoke with Forbes and shared a bit about themselves and their work ethic. balloon revealed that she is a female Gen Z-er who asked that her location not be revealed but she was born and raised in Korea, while OH_mes is a male in his mid 20s who travels a lot between the United States and South Korea. On any given day, they each tweet anywhere from zero to over 50 entertainment news story-related tweets. They both recall falling into providing this service to other K-pop fans because they felt there was a need not being fulfilled by any formal entities.

“When I started, there weren't many places to get quick news,” recalls OH_mes, who started out as a translator specifically for content related to the popular temporary girl group I.O.I that was active through 2017 after being formed on a television show in 2016. “The only places to get news were from news sites, which in itself is fine, but many people also just want quick information. So after doing only I.O.I related updates for a little while, I started to provide some updates on other artists too, and it just took off from there. In the end, it's all about letting other fans know what's happening in the Korean Entertainment industry. That's why I don't only provide K-Pop news, but also some drama and movies news. Since Korean Entertainment isn't only based on K-Pop.”

balloon started translating in part as an opportunity to practice her English and similarly also began by not necessarily catering to general K-pop fans on Twitter: she originally worked on helping with video content relating to boy band INFINITE and then started translating articles to share on the K-pop Reddit. “I noticed at times there would be some translations that had inaccuracies, didn't really capture the intended meaning of the piece, or were leaving out interesting details due to the brevity,” says ballon. “I just felt like there wasn't really anyone at the time who was actually consistently posting whole-article translations. So I thought that I could give it a try.” After seeing her work being cross-posted onto Twitter one of her friends suggested she transition to that platform, where a majority of English-language discourse surrounding K-pop now exists.

Both do their own tweeting and translating, though balloon says she sometimes talks to others about the nuance of translations. She says on a busy day she’ll spend around 5 hours on-and-off checking the news for updates during times of day when news typically comes out of South Korea. OH_mes, meanwhile, says he spends about 15-20 minutes on it a day in total, though typically is multi-tasking and monitors K-pop news while doing other things in case a story breaks.

Both have faced criticism for various translations or actions they’ve made throughout their experience, with people claiming that they have bias if they don’t cover something, or translate something in a way that doesn’t align with fan perceptions.

“Getting news on its own, it's all just from [South Korean portal site] Naver or official Twitter accounts,” shares OH_mes. “Deciding what to translate and share is what people consider ‘controversial’ for me. I've been hit with lots of ‘OH_mes is anti [of] X group’ more times than I can count. There's really only two things that happen if I am not posting anything about some piece of news: either I missed it because I was busy, or it was something international. I don't post updates about iTunes No. 1's, YouTube views – I only did it once or twice I think – smaller international awards. I tend to focus on [awards] within Korea, or the large events such as the BBMAs (BTS) or Oscars (Parasite). The more specific group accomplishments aren't something I want to focus on updating. Those groups all have their own translating fans who can provide much more specifics than I can.”

For balloon, she uses an RSS aggregator to consolidate numerous sources to help her better gather stories together rather than having to go hunt them out, though occasionally she does do that, or gets tips from friends or finds stories on various forums. “As far as deciding what to share and translate, I tend to focus on things that I’m able to follow and share updates on. I mainly like to focus on music comebacks, but I also do find it worth sharing important issues that happen in the entertainment industry as a whole. I do what I do because I want to share news and updates as accurately and timely as possible. The last thing I want is a mistranslation, or even a lack of any translation, having a negative effect on an artist or a group.”

Neither are particularly concerned that they provide news and translations for free that oftentimes gain thousands, if not millions, of impressions on Twitter; even journalists follow their accounts. But they do it because they want to. “Tying my translations to an account dedicated to just them allows me to separate personal interests and opinions from content I try to largely capture in a fact-based, objective way,” says balloon. “So I like to remain anonymous since it lets me live my own real life outside of just K-Pop. And as someone who’s passionate about journalism, I can stay close to the latest updates and stories in K-Pop too!”

Both have run into issues that have made them rethink what they’re doing and how they’re doing it: OH_mes lost his first account and had to open a second one after he was suspended on DMCA violations for sharing content from South Korean broadcaster KBS, which he describes as “a mistake” but a blessing in disguise. “It gave me some time to think about whether I still wanted to continue posting updates, and in the end I took about a 3 month break from updates, coming back on April 1, 2019. All planned, by the way - Happy April Fool's Day,” he explains. He adds that as a sizable account he’s made his own missteps and has his haters but feels gratitude towards those who find his work useful. “It's also been a way for me to just take my mind off working or off real-life, and have a quick break with something that I like, which is Korean entertainment.”

For balloon, she recently had to limit her comment section after getting the new Twitter function because she learned people were sharing problematic content as comments on her tweets. “I felt as someone who has over 50-thousand followers my platform could be one where someone came across inappropriate content and I didn't want that to happen under any circumstance. Ironically, with comments limited, I now more often see people actually discussing the substance of the articles by quoting and retweeting, which is great!” OH_mes didn’t have the function as of the time of this interview.

Through translating, both have come to better understandings of the K-pop industry that they love so much. “Regarding artists, I'm not an insider or anything so I don't know any behind the scenes stories about artists,” explains OH_mes. “But what I have gotten a greater appreciation for is just how much work they do to try and please their fans. Their hours, days, weeks, and even months of preparation for a performance that may just last 3 minutes, or a show that will last a couple hours, is something that should be commended.”

balloon similarly says she feels like it’s been an overall positive experience, and she particularly enjoys, “helping be a voice for those with a limited audience. I believe all artists should be treated fairly and one that really sticks out for me is the moment Shannon Williams used her platform on Instagram to share the mistreatment [of] her best friend, B.I.G’s Benji, was facing. I was alarmed at how no other platforms were sharing this news. Through all of this as well, Shannon was able to clarify everything even further and other platforms started sharing this story.”

At the end of the day, both individuals do what they do out of love, and will keep doing it until they can’t do it any longer. “I haven't made a single cent off this account,” says OH_mes. “I do it because I enjoy letting others know what is happening in the K-Pop industry.”First, who is your favorite dog villager?BLACKPINK is a group of four South Korean girls managed by YG Entertainment. Their names are Jisoo, Jennie, Lisa, and Rosé, and they officially debuted on Aug. 8, 2016, with their digital single called "Square One." When "Ddu-Du Ddu-Du" was released, it became the most-viewed Korean music video in the first 24 hours on YouTube, and in January 2019, it became the most viewed music video by a k-pop group. Their new single is coming out soon, and it goes without saying we're so ready.BTS are officially the first all–South Korean group ever to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, as Billboard reports. The K-pop band’s “Dynamite” debuted atop the chart with 33.9 million U.S. streams and 300,000 sold in its first week, according to Billboard via Nielsen Music/MRC Data. In addition, Billboard reports that it’s the biggest digital sales week since September 2017 when Taylor Swift sold 353,000 units for “Look What You Made Me Do.”

BTS released “Dynamite” on August 21, along with a colorful music video. The visual broke YouTube’s 24-hour streaming record with 101.1 million views in the first day.

BTS performed “Dynamite” for the first time during the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards broadcast on Sunday, August 30. Their most recent studio album MAP OF THE SOUL : 7 came out earlier this year.

Read “BTS: How the Biggest Boy Band in the World Stays Radically Korean” over on the Pitch.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.As arguably this year's "monster rookie" in K-pop, the media spotlight on TREASURE, formed of the final survivors of idol audition TV show "YG Jewel Box" on cable network JTBC, has built up considerably, considering the band is YG's first new act after the successful debut of BLACKPINK in 2016. It also has the responsibility to uphold YG's artistic and commercial pedigree amassed by other senior acts -- 2NE1, BIGBANG and WINNER.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Hongbin is no longer a member of the K-pop group VIXX. His agency, Jellyfish Entertainment, confirmed in a statement Friday that the 26-year-old South Korean singer -- whose full name is Lee Hong-bin -- had quit the group, following his controversial comments about other K-pop stars during a livestream.

"First, we express our sincere gratitude to fans who love VIXX a lot, and we are conveying sad news. On August 7, Hongbin shared his intention to withdraw from VIXX. After careful discussion with the VIXX members and Hongbin, we are respecting his wishes and so it’s been decided that he will leave the group," the statement reads. "It’s planned that VIXX will promote as a five-member group in the future. We are very sorry to fans for causing concern with this sudden news, and we ask you to continue to love and support the VIXX members."

In February, Hongbin upset many fans when he criticized a number of K-pop singers during a Twitch livestream. The singer called SHINee’s "Everybody" "lousy" and said he would have "hit the choreographer" of the video for Infinite's "Be Mine."

After the event, Hongbin issued an apology, per Soompi, he wrote, "I sincerely apologize to the artists and the fans of those artists who were hurt by my improper words and actions from my previous late-night live broadcast."

He also apologized to his group members and fans "for causing them to worry. There is no room for excuse. No matter what reason it was for, I am deeply reflecting on acting carelessly and not thinking deeply."

VIXX was formed in 2012 on the reality show MyDOL and are known for songs such as "Super Hero," "Love Equation" and "The Closer," among many others. As of now, VIXX will consist of N, Leo, Ken, Ravi and Hyuk.

BTS Coming to Theaters With New Film 'Break The Silence: The Movie'

James Corden Airs New BTS ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Clip to Thank the BTS ArmyMamamoo’s Hwasa is nicknamed the ‘gopchang goddess’ for her love of cattle intestines, while TVXQ’s Changmin is a renowned gourmet cook – a closer look at the favourite recipes and specialities South Korean pop stars love above all else
• On Friday, BTS dropped a music video for their new song "Dynamite."
• It set the YouTube Record for views in the first 24 hours of release with a total of 101.1 million views in a single day.
• "Dynamite" is the group's first single entirely sung in English.
• Insider spoke to K-pop experts in Korea on what the first entirely English song means for BTS and K-pop at large.

On Friday, BTS released a new music video for the feel-good song, "Dynamite."

In no surprise for one of the most popular boy groups in history, BTS shattered the YouTube Record for Most-Viewed Video in the first 24 hours of release with over 101 million views.

But what really made headlines was that "Dynamite" is the band's first song with entirely English lyrics.

This decision may have been a surprise for many fans. To date, BTS has written, produced, and performed most of their songs in Korean. And while there are exceptions — band member RM collaborated with musician Lil Nas X for the "Seoul Town Road Remix" and BTS's latest album release in Japan also featured a number of songs in Japanese — for the most part, the group is known for their Korean lyrics.

So what does the English single mean for BTS?

'Dynamite' may seem new, but it doesn't 'reverse the identity' that belongs to BTS as artists

BTS member Jin told reporters at a virtual press conference ahead of the music video release that recording a song in English was a "new challenge" to "show a new side of BTS to our fans."

Not only are the lyrics entirely in English, but the style and genre of the music are also closer to pop music, according to Gyu Tag Lee, an assistant professor of cultural studies at George Mason University Korea.

As a result, the new lyrics, genre, and style in "Dynamite" may initially surprise viewers who tuned in for K-pop.

"K-pop is a very unique and distinct genre. There are very specific qualities of K-pop that fans expect when they tune into the genre," Lee explained. "Naturally when the music is slightly different than what they expect — that generates conversation."

But at the end of the day, Lee said that the new upbeat single does not stray too far away from their roots in K-pop. Everything from the visual aesthetic of the music video to the members' style and presentation is still very BTS.

"BTS has crafted an identity for themselves as one of the most representative K-pop groups, and I don't think that has changed," Lee said. "Yes, it's a new attempt, but it does not reverse the identity they've crafted for themselves as artists."

"Just because BTS releases a new single in English doesn't mean their fundamental identity — the fact that they're Korean — has changed," Korean culture and K-pop journalist Hee A Park agreed. "They're still K-pop artists."

The new single is a 'gift' to fans abroad

Band member J-Hope told reporters on Friday that "Dynamite" was a last-minute decision that wasn't originally in the plans for BTS.

"We wanted to be on stage and as a group that has to communicate with the fans, we felt empty and powerless," BTS member Jimin said. "We needed a breakthrough to overcome this emptiness and powerlessness and we came across this new opportunity."

Experts say "Dynamite" signals to fans abroad that BTS is prioritizing their global audiences even if they cannot meet them in person right now.

"Because of the pandemic, BTS can't hold concerts or tours around the world," Lee said. Lyrics take on even more importance when fans are accessing the songs through streaming services versus at a live performance with crowds and loud music.

When viewed through this lens, singing the lyrics in English is like a "gift" and an "expression of care" for fans in English-speaking countries, according to Korean music critic Youngdae Kim.

"These fans have, up until now, done their best to analyze and consume BTS content withstanding the language barriers," Kim said. He added that there will be a "different sense of familiarity and affinity one experiences when they listen to the song in their native language."

Park also pointed out that details in the music video, like the various posters of world-famous artists hanging in Jungkook's room, included references that could appeal to fans worldwide, too.

At a virtual press conference on Friday ahead of the new music video release, BTS members explained in their own words why they decided to sing entirely in English.

RM said the group decided that they "wanted to keep it in English and preserve the charm" they first felt when the song presented itself as an opportunity.

"When we were recording the guide version, we thought that English lyrics fit the melody a little bit better," band member V added.

"Considering the song and the melody, we all agreed that singing in English would be better," V said at the virtual press conference ahead of the "Dynamite" music video release. Big Hit Entertainment

Based on what BTS members have said, it's difficult to know whether "Dynamite" signals more opportunities in the future for fans to hear the group sing in more languages in addition to Korean. Ultimately, it seems that the English lyrics in "Dynamite" — like the release of the song itself — is best interpreted as a fun surprise for BTS fans.

But if "Dynamite" foreshadows a progression towards making music in languages beyond Korean, BTS is tasked with a balancing act. The group strongly embraces their identity as Korean artists and many Korean fans are more familiar with the group under the name "Bangtan Sonyeondan" (or "Bangtan Boys") rather than their international moniker BTS.

"One remaining task for BTS is to help fans who are struggling with the two identities of 'BTS' and 'Bangtan Sonyeondan' to understand that 'Bangtan Sonyeondan' is 'BTS' and 'BTS' is 'Bangtan Sonyeondan,'" Park told Insider.

In a way, "Dynamite" is already a step forward in balancing these dual identities and audiences. While the lyrics may be in English, "Dynamite" fits into the "Newtro" (a combination of "retro" and "new") trend that is currently popular in Korea, according to The Korea Times.

"This song — even if it is in English — will work for audiences in Korea," Kim said.

Interviews were conducted in Korean and translated into English by the author.
• 15 details you may have missed in BTS's 'Dynamite' music video
• The new BTS single and music video for 'Dynamite' are a shot of pure, euphoric bliss
• BTS is one of the biggest music sensations in history. Here's a look back on their meteoric rise to stardom.
• 9 of the best moments from BTS' energetic and intimate virtual concert 'Bang Bang Con: The Live'To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Som Hein, the first female K-pop star to come out as bisexual, announced the break-up with her girlfriend on Instagram.Revelations about the toxic inner workings of girl group AOA cast light on South Korea’s unhealthy and over-competitive band culture – singers are thrown together with strangers and groomed for success from an early age, and now fans call for emotional support for the bully as well as bulliedLet’s face it. We all have that friend who, no matter how hard we try, won’t get into K-pop. That’s where our list of the best K-pop songs for beginners comes in. K-pop is a multi-billion-dollar industry that has produced international acts like BTS, BLACKPINK, Girls Generation, Big Bang and 2NE1. Still, there are a lot of people who aren’t into K-pop or haven’t even listened to one K-pop song in their lives, despite the massive popularity of these artists. (Like, come on, BTS has broken about a bajillion YouTube records and is more popular than most successful American acts that we consider “household names.”)

To convince your K-pop-resistant friend to listen to K-pop, we came up with a list of the essential songs to put on a K-pop beginner’s playlist. From throwback tracks like Girls’ Generation’s “Gee” to new songs like ITZY’s “Dalla Dalla,” these are the K-pop songs that will (hopefully) convince your friend to finally become an ARMY, a BLINK, a ONCE or whatever fandom they vibe with. Every K-pop fanatic remembers the moment when they first fell in love with a K-pop, and we hope a K-pop novice out there will have the same feeling with one of these tracks. Ahead are the best K-pop songs for beginners.

More than a decade later and “Gee” by Girls’ Generation is still a banger. For many K-pop fans, SNSD’s “Gee” is one of the first K-pop songs they ever listened to. From the track’s infectious chorus to the simple styling of the music video (white T-shirts and colored skinny jeans were a lewk in 2009), it’s no wonder why “Gee” was the gateway track for many K-pop fans.

“I Am the Best” by 2NE1

No K-pop playlist is complete without 2NE1’s “I Am the Best.” Whether you’re a K-pop fan or not, you’ve likely heard “I Am the Best” before. The track, which is perhaps one of 2NE1’s most popular songs among western audiences, was even shouted out by Emma Stone in a 2015 interview on CONAN. “It’s beyond excellent. It’s the best thing you’ve ever seen,” she said at the time. ‘Nuff said, Emma.

BIGBANG is one of the most successful boy bands in K-pop history. The band, which debuted in 2006, consists of several K-pop household names, such as T.O.P, Taeyang, G-Dragon and Daesung. With a 14-year career, BIGBANG has dozens of songs that one could recommend to their non-K-pop-listening fan. (“Tonight,” “Love Song,” “Monster” and “Loser,” to name a few.) But for many, “Fantastic Baby,” which is one of BIGBANG’s bestselling records worldwide, is the one track that every K-pop newbie should listen to. Watch the video above for why.

There are so many excellent BTS songs to introduce to non-K-pop fans (“Idol,” “Spring Day,” “DNA,” “Run”—the list goes on), but we think a gateway song into the K-pop fandom is one of the band’s newer tracks: 2018’s “Fake Love.” Sure, you could recommend 2019’s “Boy With Luv,” which features American artist Halsey, but “Fake Love” has everything that makes a BTS song excellent: show-stopping choreography, a hard-hitting chorus and a concept that makes you want to watch their music video and performances over and over again. (Shout out to the part where Jungkook flashes his abs.) That said, if “Fake Love” doesn’t do the trick, “DNA” will surely make any non-K-pop fan a believer.

Since their debut in 2016, BLACKPINK has gone on to collaborate with artists like Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez and Dua Lipa. There’s no doubt that BLACKPINK is a global phenomenon, but which track should you recommend to a friend to make them a full-on K-pop stan? While BLACKPINK’s discography rivals some of the best (“Playing With Fire” still slaps four years later), we think 2018’s “Ddu-Du Ddu-Du” is the gateway song for most new BLACKPINK fans. The choreography is catchy. The lyrics are easy to sing along to. And the opening note is one of the most iconic tunes in recent K-pop history. There’s a reason why “D4” was one of BLACKPINK’s first singles marketed in the west. It’s that good.

TWICE has dominated the K-pop scene since their debut in 2015. The nine-member girl group, formed on the reality competition show SIXTEEN, have broken records with songs like “Cheer Up” and “Likey.” While there are so many number-one tracks from TWICE that we would love to recommend to someone to make them a ONCE, we think, if we had to pick one, “TT” is the way to go. There are so many reasons to love “TT.” The Halloween concept music video. The cute but catchy choreography. The fact that the whole song is inspired by the crying TT symbol. Mind blown.

Whether their concept is cute or girl crush, Red Velvet always kill it. There’s a long list of Red Velvet song we could recommend to a non-K-pop listener, but “Bad Boy” is one of the catchiest. The song, which is a prime example of a Red Velvet girl crush concept, was released in 2018 and includes one of the catchiest chorus sound effects in recent memory. The band also released an all-English version of the track on their 2018 EP Summer Magic.

If old-school K-pop like Girls Generation and BIGBANG doesn’t convince your friend to join the K-pop fandom, try one of the genre’s newer tracks like ITZY’s debut single, “Dalla Dalla.” ITZY became one of K-pop’s fastest growing rookie acts in 2019 when they released “Dalla Dalla,” a fun pop song about self-love. Once the song is stuck in your head, you won’t be able to listen to the ding of elevators any other way.

Another new K-pop track that may convert non-K-pop listeners is TXT’s “Crown.” Managed by Big Hit Entertainment (the same company that created BTS), TXT, also known as Tomorrow X Together, hit the ground running when they debuted with “Crown” in 2019. The track is playful, silly, cute and has everything one needs to be a full-time K-pop listener.

Super Junior debuted in 2005 under SM Entertainment, the same entertainment company that created Girls’ Generation, Exo, Red Velvet and other acts. The band, which had 13 members at its peak, have released dozens of songs that one could recommend to non-K-pop listener. One of the band’s first successes was “Sorry, Sorry,” a single from their best-selling album of the same title.

Miss A was one of the most well-known K-pop girl groups in the early 2010s. The band, which consisted of members Fei, Jia, Min, and Suzy, debuted in 2010 with their first single, “Bad Girl Good Girl,” which is still one of the band’s most successful songs and was their first track to reach number one on the Gaon Charts, the Korean equivalent to the Billboard Hot 100.

SHINee, a boy band formed by SM Entertainment, have been called the “Princes of K-pop,” and it’s easy to understand why. Since their debut in 2008, the band has topped the Korean charts with songs like “Sherlock (Clue + Note)” and “Dream Girl.” But a track that’s considered one of their first hits is “Lucifer,” which was released in 2010 and peaked at number 2 on the Gaon Charts.

Formed by SM Entertainment, EXO consists of both Chinese and South Korean members. The band’s music is eclectic and combines pop, hip-hop, R&B, house, trap and synth-pop for a truly unique sound. EXO, who performs in Korea, Mandarin and Japanese, released “Ko Ko Bop” in 2017. The track went on to reach number one on the Gaon Chart and sell over a million records.

“Be My Baby” by Wonder Girls

The Wonder Girls debuted in 2007 and topped the charts of the K-pop industry for 10 years until their disbandment in 2017. The band, which opened for the Jonas Brothers on their 2009 tour, have multiple number-one hits, but “Be My Baby” is one of their most successful. The track, which debuted in 2011 and has more than 40 million YouTube views, has a retro vibe that will win over any non-K-pop listener.

GOT7 is a Korean boy band formed by SM Entertainment. The group—which consists of seven members JB, Mark, Jackson, Jinyoung, Youngjae, BamBam and Yugyeom—debuted in 2014 and have gone on to have international success, with multiple number-one albums and EPs. Needless to say, there are so many GOT7 songs to recommend, but “Hard Carry” is our pick. The track, which has more than 100 million views on YouTube, has incredible choreography, vocals and lyrics that make GOT7, well, GOT7.Naming their second album Running TOOgether represents more than a clever pun for TOO. The boy band only entered the K-pop scene in April, but have been hustling non-stop to stand out in the competitive industry that requires your first year to be as impactful as possible.

TOO released their well-received debut album Reason for Being: Benevolence on April 1 and went through its accompanying promotions all while simultaneously preparing and performing on the boy-band competition TV show Road to Kingdom that pitted them as underdogs among six more established rivals. Road began airing on April 30 requiring the 10 TOO members Jaeyun, Chihoon, Chan, J.You, Donggeon, Jisu, Kyungho, Jerome, Minsu and Woonggi to balance a strict work schedule of rehearsal, promotion and preparation that the guys say led to additional pressure.

With the July 15 release of Running TOOgether, that hard work has no doubt paid off. TOO’s sophomore-album sales surpassed their debut in two weeks’ time with numbers competitive with some of their senior Road to Kingdom challengers. They’ve seen impressive growth from their YouTube numbers (12 million views for lead single “Count 1, 2”) and increasing recognition including senior K-pop idols like GOT7’s Yugyeom (who shared his #RunningTOOgether Challenge videos with GOT7’s 8.4 million Twitter followers).

But the success doesn't just come from hustling from one promo opp to the next, but also in the growth they show as artists. All of the new tracks on Running TOOgether feature writing contributions from the group members with rappers Chihoon and J.You snagging credits on all five—a sizable increase from Benevolence’s one song featuring lyrics from the artist earlier this year.

I speak with half of TOO in the midst of their busy weeks and—case in point of how crammed their schedules are—we do our FaceTime interview in a car outside a TV studio while the guys have time in between filming. Read on for more from Jaeyun, Chan, Chihoon, J.You and Jisu on the messages in their latest release, the growth they’ve made in their first months together and special messages for their fandom—named, appropriately, TOOgether. The guys know they have run hard together right now, but what awaits no doubt looks to be greater K-pop success and igniting even more passion from within them.

Jeff Benjamin: Congratulations on the release of the new album, TOO. Can you introduce it and what you're hoping to achieve with this release?

J.You: Running TOOgether is an album to show TOO’s aspirations and running towards a goal. It’s also an invitation for our fans, TOOgether, to run forward with us. Including the single “Count 1, 2,” there are a lot of other songs and I want to show that TOO is an all-around idol [group] capable of doing even refreshing concepts. I also want this album to be a masterpiece for the summer of 2020.

Jaeyun: We tried to capture the idea of running towards our goals and our aspirations. “Count 1, 2” is an invitation to our fandom to run with us. And you know how you count “1, 2” before you run off somewhere? That’s how we came up with the name for the song; we named it ourselves.

Jeff Benjamin: You guys told me that “Take It Slow” from Reason for Being: Benevolence was your favorite track. Did it inspire the vibe of this new album?

Jisu: Since “Take It Slow” and “Count 1, 2” both go along with summer—and we saw that our fans like the mood on stage when performing “Take It Slow”—we tried to do something similar to “Take It Slow” and show what summer is. They also have the same composers so it makes sense they have a similar feeling.

Jeff Benjamin: And just like “Take It Slow,” Chan, Chihoon and J.You wrote on many of the songs on this album. Can you take us through the creative process?

Chan: One of the strengths our team has is that all three rappers have different writing styles and that’s probably why we never have an issue distributing the parts. We pull good resources from our positions so we have a lot of fun working together.

J.You: For me, when I write lyrics, I tend to situate myself in the TOO song. So I wrote the lyrics for this album thinking about what I can do for the important people I care about–especially TOOgether; I wrote for them.

Chihoon: When it comes to me, first, I listen to the song and then I write the lyrics according to the song topic. Then I chose the best one from a selection of different lines I write—so, I write a lot.

Jeff Benjamin: Looking more closely at “Count 1, 2.” Can you explain the music video a bit more?

Chan: “Count 1, 2” has a hopeful message that we want to go forward into the future with TOOgether. For the music video, we used settings and sports props that remind you of summer and being active—it’s all to represent actively moving forward with our fans.

Jaeyun: But the part where Woonggi had a nightmare, that’s where we tried to show two things: first, the music video was very bright for all four minutes so we wanted to put something dark to switch it up—like a movie; second, we tried to incorporate the TOO worldview a bit too—the dystoopia versus utoopia like in our debut album. And while this isn’t an album in the Reason for Being series, we wanted to include a little dark twist. So, there isn’t a designated member to represent the album but rather the focus is about the members being together and with our fans. It’s meant to be a special summer album, not part of Reason for Being. Maybe the next album will come back to that series? Maybe.

Jeff Benjamin: I really was so impressed and proud of your work in Road to Kingdom. It seemed like you really evolved as the show progressed. Is anything you learned shown in this record?

J.You: Preparing for Road to Kingdom was really difficult. We got stressed a lot as we had to work on both the schedules for our first album while preparing these grand stages for Road to Kingdom at the same time. We honestly didn’t have enough time to prepare, but we had to make a great stage, right? Now, when we think about it, maybe that was a situation that awakened us and awakened a new passion in TOO. And we think it ultimately led us to a good effect.

Jeff Benjamin: One of my favorite parts was Chan’s open-the-soda-can move during “Rising Sun.”

Chan: I actually didn’t plan to do that move! It just came impromptu. I didn’t know a lot of people would like that so thank you.

Jeff Benjamin: Chihoon and J.You, you got to show your original raps for a cover of "Hard Carry" to GOT7 themselves. You also met Youngjae on Idol Radio recently. How is it having such established seniors as your supporters?

J.You: I was really nervous to rap in front of a senior group for the first time, but it was a great stimulus for me and an opportunity for them to get to know us. They really helped us gain confidence so it was a really good experience.

Chihoon: Meeting GOT7 in person made me feel like a celebrity and they were really cool. I was nervous because I had to rap in front of them, but I was proud that they liked our work.

Jaeyun: They are really awesome guys.

Jeff Benjamin: I've also enjoyed seeing TOO go more and more viral online. Jisu, J.You and Woonggi had a hilarious camera moment, I saw praise for Woonggi supporting LGBT fans, all your TikToks are great; have you noticed the reactions you're getting online?

J.You: Based on the things I’ve heard or checked, I know that we’re considered to be a bright and passionate rookie group. And thank you for saying that, I really hope those bright feelings about our group can continue.

Jisu: I don’t have a social media account, but people around me tell me they see different things about us online. I am really thankful for the positive responses.

Jeff Benjamin: Since it’s your first comeback can you share some things new or special you’ve learned about the other members since your start as a fun question?

J.You on Jisu: He usually acts in a fun and bright way when we’re filming things like V Live or other contents, but actually he is a really deep thinker. He gives really good advice to the members. He’s not just funny, he’s a really good person. He would be a good leader, he’s like the sub-leader.

Jaeyun on Woonggi: He always talks to his celebrity friends at night. For at least one hour. He’s the insider on our team. When we go to places like M Countdown or Music Bank, everybody notices him and he knows everyone.

Jisu on Jaeyun: Jaeyun sleeps sitting down. His face gets swollen easily so he just sits down when he sleeps to avoid it—it shows he’s a real professional. [Laughs]

Chihoon on Chan: When it comes to Chan, he seems like someone who wouldn’t go along with cute concepts like “Count 1, 2.” But he practiced trying to be cute in front of a mirror and that was honestly really cute to me.

Jisu on Minsu: My laptop is always on because he uses it after I use it and he never turns it off.

Chan on Kyungho: He lost a lot of weight and the swelling he used to have has gone done so he looks really slim compared to World Klass.

Jaeyun on Donggeon: It was Donggeon’s birthday the day of our album release and comeback showcase so we had a celebration there, but we also did a surprise privately. We prepared a cake, we brought it in when everyone was gathered, but Donggeon was the only one not there. [Laughs] He was in the bathroom. We started singing, “Happy birthday—where’s Donggeon?” A birthday party without the birthday boy.

Chihoon on Jerome: He doesn’t just like midnight snacks, he has a full-course meal at nights. He’ll have his meal to eat but also have a dessert with it: appetizer, main dish, dessert.

Chan on J.You: I never knew J.You could write such hopeful lyrics in a rap and, through this comeback, I've learned a lot from him.

Jeff Benjamin: It’s commendable how hard you’ve been working through this difficult time of COVID-19, but I hope you know you’re doing really well. Do you have other messages to share at this time?

Jaeyun: We’ve been facing this situation since our debut. We may still lack a lot, but we’re trying to show the best of ourselves in this situation. We’ve suffered a lot because of this problem, but I think the music that we’re currently releasing contains some of those emotions towards the COVID-19. Not having fans in the audience while we perform, that’s something that’s really different and difficult for us as a group.

J.You: We also can’t meet our foreign TOOgethers...

Jaeyun: We can’t go anywhere else, so we’re trying to produce a lot of content, do interviews like this and upload a lot on YouTube to give something for our foreign TOOgethers. I want to keep this up. I hope our foreign TOOgethers realize and know that we’re going to come to them one day and we’re here for them as well. I believe the current situation will work out well and things will get better because we’re running in the best direction that we think is right for us. I hope many of you try to be as positive as us too.

This interview has been edited for clarity.We're living in the golden age of fandom, where social media has allowed stans to interact with their idols on a daily basis. Whether you're a barb, lamb, belieber, or registered bardi gang member, you're probably @-ing somebody. On Stan Stories, we meet the internet's most dedicated followers and delve deep into their obsessions.

Insiders knew the answer was yes. Taeyong and Bad Bunny weren't planning to drop a banger in July. The collab was a mistruth created by Ellie to clear up Taeyong's search results on Twitter, which had been flooded with the phrase "Taeyong bully" due to a middle school incident that has since become fodder for online fanwars. To pull it off, Ellie had changed her Twitter name and image to match that of a popular K-pop translator. These big accounts regularly translate breaking Korean entertainment news for English-speaking international audiences, so NCTzens who were aimlessly scrolling through their timelines saw what appeared to be a legitimate story from a historically reliable source — even complete with a misleading Naver link that redirected to a Korean article about Taeyong's airport fashion. Astute fans may have caught Ellie's real handle, but that doesn't mean they didn't play along. Her cunning plan had worked.

Within recent years, clearing the searches has become an inescapable part of K-pop standom on Twitter. When an idol or group's "searches" — or the associated keywords that generate when someone looks up a name or phrase in the platform's search bar — are overrun by negative results, driven either by fan-made feuds or real-life scandals, fans take swift action to inundate their timelines with positive keywords and seemingly harmless misinformation to drown out what they perceive to be a blemish on their idol's reputation. (Some have even made detailed guides on how to do it most effectively.) So for Ellie, getting thousands of accounts to tweet about "Taeyong Bad Bunny" was a clever way to clear "Taeyong bully" from the searches, which the algorithm identifies as "topics that are popular now," as opposed to over a long stretch of time, a Twitter spokesperson clarifies.

Fans of Korean idol music have long established their social media savvy by dominating charts, trending hashtags and efficiently mobilizing to reach streaming goals and organize global fandom projects. Recently, K-pop fans have also made headlines for their political activism on the platform. Following George Floyd's murder on May 25, they've spammed police surveillance apps, flooded racist hashtags with fancams and raised money for Black Lives Matter and other pro-Black organizations. They even teamed up with TikTokers, YouTubers and Facebook moms to troll President Trump by inflating the registration numbers for his June Tulsa rally. But often lost in this conversation are the voices of Black and POC fans who experience rampant anti-Blackness and racism in these fandom spaces. Many see clearing the searches as just another way to silence minority voices, especially when fans would rather bury important issues than actually acknowledge an idol's wrongdoing.

In recent months, there have been several instances of cultural appropriation and racial insensitivity across multiple K-pop fandoms. ATEEZ leader Hongjoong sported cornrows in the group's latest album packaging; BLACKPINK placed a small statue of Hindu god Ganesha on the ground in their music video for "How You Like That"; and in a July video, SEVENTEEN rapper Wonwoo sang two words of "Curry," a famous Korean song that stereotypes South Asian culture. For Varshini, who likes SEVENTEEN's music but isn't a full-blown fan (known as a Carat), the fandom's response to the controversy was off-putting. "I saw how some fans tried to excuse the group and silence other South Asians, and it just made me think, 'If people are excusing them then how will being in the fandom be for me as a South Asian?'" she says. "I just get a bit confused about how some fans so blatantly don't care about other people and cultures."

But for every fan who tries to hold their idol accountable for their actions, there's someone trying to clear the searches and protect the artist's image, despite the fact that most stans agree that clearing the searches often brings more attention to the issue. Just as easily as "Hongjoong cornrows" popped up in his searches, a group of fans started spamming Twitter with keywords like "Hongjoong best leader" to keep the scandal at bay. They didn't believe that Hongjoong, someone with a history of social awareness, deserved the criticism. But Black fans just wanted to help educate him so that it wouldn't happen again.

"We should be confronting the issue instead of clearing the searches because clearing the searches doesn't help Hongjoong," says Ahomari, the co-host of 106 & Seoul: A Black K-Pop Podcast. "It's silencing the people who are most hurt by these situations." A multi, or fan of multiple groups, Ahomari has been into K-pop for 11 years, so they weren't surprised by the cultural appropriation itself. "It's kind of sad that I'm used to this by now," they say wearily. But having only recently rejoined Twitter to promote their new podcast (after a brief 2019 stint as a BTS stan account that ended after being "ratioed to hell" for speaking out about the anti-Blackness they experienced as a fan), Ahomari is still getting used to stan dynamics on the platform. For starters, they have both "BLM" and "racism" muted.

"It's like a call to arms," says SEVENTEEN fan Jane, going by a pseudonym. "It's the same way that you are supposed to watch a video over and over again, or vote for a music show multiple times. Anything you're supposed to do to show that you're a good fan, you do without even thinking about what it actually means or what the issue is. I don't think fans are thinking about what it is they're actually saying by clearing the searches."

The 34-year-old multi recently joined stan Twitter while quarantining at home in Los Angeles as a way for her to tweet about K-pop without inundating her professional account with daily memes and musings. It's given her a newfound perspective. "There's a weird freedom that I've never understood but I understand now about anonymity," she says. "People who feel like they can say anything because no one knows who you are… I don't know how many people are clearing the searches on their main account."

This idea of what it means to be a good fan is at the heart of so many of fandom's more morally ambiguous debates. "The reality is there's no way to be a good fan," Jane says. "You are entitled to like whatever you like however you like it." Meanwhile, the K-pop industry — and the global entertainment industry as a whole — does little to address these issues because they don't want to alienate the superfans who not only spend their money on artists whom they love but also provide them with free, unadulterated labor in the form of publicity.

She's since stopped clearing searches and has stepped back from the fandom. She still stans, and she's grateful for the friends she's met through K-pop, but the experience has been tarnished in ways that are unfathomable for those who've never been called an "anti" for standing up for their culture — for voicing their pain and frustration. "I don't see the point in riding for people who would never ride for me as a Black person," she adds. "I'm already struggling as a Black fan to navigate these spaces. I'm dealing with idols appropriating and disrespecting my culture and now you're expecting me to clear the searches? I'm not doing that anymore. It's up to Taeyong and God now. I don't think these companies realize just how much these fans do for them."In this op-ed, writer Anjana Pawa unpacks the fan and artist response to a recent incident where members of SEVENTEEN were filmed singing to a Norazo song called “Curry,” which has lyrics that contain harmful South Asian stereotypes. This piece is a companion to Anjana’s interview with the members of SEVENTEEN, which occurred before this segment was aired.

On July 13, K-pop boy group SEVENTEEN released an episode of their weekly variety show Going Seventeen, where the 13 members of the group participate in challenges and games for their fans (referred to as “Carats”) to enjoy. In the episode, the members did mock-auditions for a singing competition show. Each member one went up and sang a song in front of their assigned judges; Wonwoo sang a song that Korean fans instantly recognized as “Curry.”

After a few hours, fans began to realize the song was familiar — it had been sung before by some members of the group on a vlog series called “Inside Seventeen.” Back in April, an episode of this series was posted on the group’s YouTube channel. In it, the members take a trip to an Indian restaurant in San Jose during their recent North American tour. As they dip their naan into their curry on the table in front of them, they can be heard singing the same tune.

“Curry” is a song by a K-pop duo called Norazo. Originally released 10 years ago, became a massive hit in Korea. The song’s music video depicts one of the members of Norazo wearing brownface while singing the lyrics, “Shanti, Shanti / Yoga, Fire / I love hot curry” and imitating a traditional South Asian dance. “Curry'' became a household hit, the remnants of which still exist in the country’s pop culture references. But the song and its music video, both of which feature harmful assumptions and stereotypes of South Asian people, reveal issues of culturally-rooted racism that still exists in South Korea and other countries.

Immediately following the episode, South Asian fans began to voice their concerns on social media. They shared their thoughts via email and posts on fan platform Weverse, following a fan-made template to explain why the artist’s actions were hurtful. On Twitter, trended the hashtags #PLEDISReleaseTheStatement and #PLEDISApologise, a call to action for SEVENTEEN’s management team, Pledis, to address the controversy. They have thus far been met with silence, and Pledis also declined Teen Vogue’s request for comment.

Seeing K-pop and South Asian motifs or references combined isn’t exactly new. Recently, it has existed in two forms in Korean idol spaces: first, as an aesthetic, like when BLACKPINK used a statue of a Hindu deity as decoration on the set of their latest music video for “How You Like That,” or when (G)I-DLE performed in front of a backdrop of a mosque at the 2019 Golden Disc Awards. The second way is the subject of mockery. SVT’s version of “Curry” didn’t occur in a vacuum — other groups like Weki Meki and OH MY GIRL have also performed the “Curry” song on public stages.

Both cultural appropriation and stereotyping under the guise of a “joke” feed into similar problems. It’s not just the fact that an idol wears a bindi or sings a popular song about curry — it’s another example of artists profiting off of cultures that are not their own, dehumanizing other groups of people in the process. Those actions erase the rich culture of various ethnic groups, turn those groups into a monolith, and generalize them into stereotypes that reinforce false perceptions.Park Jin-young, founder and producer of JYP Entertainment, is poised to release a single "When We Disco" featuring K-pop diva Sunmi on Aug. 12, according to JYP.



The record label took to its official Twitter on Monday to float a teaser photo of the two dancing under glaring lights. "When We Disco" is a retro-flavored Euro-disco track, according to the company.



"When the song was in the final stage of preparation, Park's 'student' Sunmi contacted him and talked about their bygone days in the U.S.," JYP said in a statement. "After the talk, Park thought that their memory went well with the track's lyrics, so offered collaboration."



Sunmi debuted in 2007 as a member of now-defunct girl band Wonder Girls, which JYP Entertainment represented. The group began a career in the U.S. in 2009, but Sunmi quit it in 2010. She rejoined Wonder Girls in 2015 and stayed until its disbandment in 2017. The K-pop star began forging a solo career in 2013 with "24 hours" and dropped hits such as "Gashina" (2017).



Park debuted with the album "Blue City" in 1993 and rose to stardom thanks to hits including "She Was Pretty" (1996) and "Honey" (1998). He founded JYP, one of the "Big 3" music powerhouses here, in 1996 and launched a flurry of K-pop big names such as 2PM and TWICE.First, protests against police brutality and anti-Black violence begin. (In this case, they were reignited over a Wisconsin police officer shooting a 29-year-old Black man, Jacob Blake, in the back, in front of his three young sons, paralyzing him.)

Next, people demand the recognition that Black lives do matter — that Black people, systematically disenfranchised for centuries, deserve better than the violent world they must wade through each day, safety unpromised.

Recently, no such luck. The juncture has failed spectacularly. #AllLivesMatter is trending, but only because thousands of K-pop stans — passionate and devoted followers of bands like BTS and BLACKPINK — have mobilized to use their online literacy as a means of defusing the hashtag, rendering it functionally useless.

This has been happening since at least the beginning of June, when protests broke out following the killing of George Floyd. When hashtags like #BlueLivesMatter began to find popularity, K-pop fans quickly responded by hijacking them, capitalizing on their virality by tweeting them out with totally off-topic posts. The point is to bury the meaning of the hashtag, neutralizing it with anime references and “fancams” of K-pop idol groups. (A fancam is close-up footage of a live performance taken by an audience member at a concert.)

If it weren’t for these actions, those hashtags would be replete with thousands upon thousands of trending, highly visible tweets from people intentionally undermining a conversation that urgest the world to recognize that Black lives matter as much as anyone else’s. Instead, visiting them now reveals random clips of K-pop performers doing elaborate choreography, often with appended messages that point out the problems with such hashtags.

For the record, though, this phenomenon hasn’t been confined to the disruption of hashtags. On May 31st, the Dallas Police Department urged citizens to download an app called iWatch Dallas, which they could use to submit videos of protesters engaged in “illegal activity.”

“DOWNLOAD THE APP AND SEND ALL YOUR FANCAMS!!!” @ngelwy wrote in a since-deleted tweet. “MAKE THEIR JOBS AS HARD AS POSSIBLE!!! GET THEM FRUSTRATED!!! MAKE THEM TAKE DOWN THE APP!!!”

And this is what they did. They wanted to protect protesters, many of whom were being attacked by police in the streets. And so thousands of stans downloaded the iWatch Dallas app and, instead of uploading what was asked for, they flooded the thread with fancams. The next day, the app had been disabled. On Google Play and Apple’s App Store, it had also been bombed with one-star ratings.

K-pop stans have also done this with other hashtags: #MAGA, #Trump2020, and #BuildTheWall included. The reason they’re so adept at this is because it isn’t out of the ordinary for fans of K-pop music to engage with viral tweets as a way to drum up more attention for their favourite artists.

In fact, all of their support and pressure led Big Hit Entertainment, the record label behind the K-pop group BTS, to donate $1 million to the Black Lives Matter campaign, which the group’s fans matched under the hashtag #MatchaMillion. And just over a week before his first campaign rally in three months, in June, waves of K-pop fans sabotaged the rally by reserving tickets for it without the intention of actually going.What happens when New Zealand’s queen of K-Pop rallies a room full of kids to become homegrown popstars? You get TVNZ On Demand’s K-Pop Academy.

Korean pop music – or “K-pop” – is, arguably, the biggest musical genre on the planet. BTS is its most famous name, but South Korea is home to plenty of other huge acts, including Blackpink, Ateez and Stray Kids. Think of K-pop and you probably think of high-octane performances, impressive dance routines, artists with brightly-coloured hair, and of course, ear-worm melodies. But there’s more to making it big in K-pop than just singing and dancing. Like any art form, it requires a lot of hard work too – as demonstrated in TVNZ OnDemand’s K-Pop Academy, which follows a group of Kiwi kids as they refine their skills under the tutelage of choreographer Rina Chae, whom the NZ Herald last year dubbed “New Zealand’s Queen of K-pop”

Across eight episodes, K-Pop Academy is an entertaining way for children (and keen adults) to have fun and learn about the secrets of K-pop. We get to know the five groups – Crush, Crazy, High, Hasty and Balmsae – as they encounter the glitz and glamour of K-pop, including make-up sessions (yes, even for the boys) and styling advice.

These five groups are comprised of 25 young teens, representing Korean, Māori, NZ European, Chinese, Samoan, Indian, Japanese, African, Russian and Cook Island cultures. Some have rigorous dance experience across multiple disciplines; others have taught themselves by watching K-pop music videos online. Representation matters, and how special for our youth to find a welcome in the world of K-pop, irrespective of their background.

Of course, many of the young hopefuls come from Korean backgrounds. In episode one, fifteen year old Sam talks about the importance of K-pop in his life. “Without K-pop, I wouldn’t know who I am ‘cause K-pop is our culture in Korea,” he says. “Doing a lot of K-pop is a way I can stay in touch with my Korean culture while I’m in New Zealand.” Alongside his cast mates, Sam moves through a process of auditioning, before moving on to a two-week boot camp in dancing, singing and rapping, all in preparation for a final live performance.

Guiding them all is Rina Chae, who began her dancing career as part of the NZ Breakers cheer team. She lived in Los Angeles for five years, where she danced with the likes of Beyoncé and Justin Bieber, before moving into choreography, mostly for Korean musical acts like Monsta X, SF9 and BoA. Now she runs her own studio on Auckland’s North Shore, En Beat Dance Academy, while continuing to work with Korean acts remotely. Chae has made it big, and is now back to teach the next generation.

Speaking to The Spinoff, Chae says it’s remarkable how K-pop culture has spread across the West in recent years. “In the 90s, I couldn’t talk about K-pop or share the excitement for K-pop at all, at school, because nobody else would know what it was even about,” she says. “I used to keep my mouth shut, and keep quiet about K-pop until outside of school when I’m actually with Korean friends to talk about it. But now it can be shared anywhere and everywhere.”

And it’s true. K-pop music has increased its Kiwi following with each new release. Global megastars BTS have spent the last 17 weeks on the NZ Top 40 Albums Chart with their best-selling album Map Of The Soul:7 . Meanwhile, Auckland’s MDC dance group represented NZ at the 2019 Changwon K-pop World Festival in South Korea. K-pop is still something of a niche interest, but the net is widening all the time.

Chae hopes that K-Pop Academy can inspire young people, to show them that showbiz dreams can come true – even here at the bottom of the world. “You’re just a girl from New Zealand,” Chae recalls being told. “All that stuff happens in America, it’s not gonna happen.” But it did. And now other Kiwi artists are chasing the same type of success overseas. “We’re actually putting them forward to some of the big record labels for them to audition in person,” she tells us. “K-Pop Academy was a stepping stone for a lot of kids to think, this is possible.” While remaining tight-lipped on the agencies themselves, Chae reveals the demand for talent is there and it is real.

Watching K-Pop Academy you can’t help but groove along to the music, or catch yourself imitating the dance moves. You’ll learn valuable styling tips, like spray-painting shoes fluoro pink to achieve the best look, and you’ll probably learn something new about K-pop, too, no matter your level of interest in the genre.



Or, as New Zealand’s Queen of K-pop puts it, “If you can grow to be dope, then I got you.”

HEIHEI’s K-Pop Academy is available on TVNZ OnDemand from today.The British man spent $150,000 in plastic surgery to look like the BTS star only to marry a cardboard cut-out of him

Kim Kardashian has been spotted on set of Oli London’s new K-pop music video.

The British singer is known for having plastic surgery to look like BTS star Jinmin, only to later marry a cardboard cutout of him.

London posted several photos of himself with Kardashian on Twitter with the caption “Behind the Scenes of my new K-pop music video @KimKardashian.”

“Love you @KimKardashian,” he wrote in another tweet.

London, who is starring on Dr Phil is filming his latest MV at Selfie Factory. The new video set to be released next month.

‘Mirror Mirror’, London’s last Kpop single received 130,000 dislikes upon release. “He literally sounds like a robot trying to speak Korean but fails,” reads the top comment which received over 10,ooo thumbs up.

He has since promised on Twitter that his new single will feature “hugely improved singing” and that the new track will be his “best song ever”.

London will also be the centre of an upcoming UK television series for the BBC about him being the UK’s first Kpop star.Some K-pop fan-girls fear ridicule from friends and family for having ‘lowbrow tastes’. This 14-year-old fan spent the night at Hong Kong International Airport to catch a glimpse of BTS. Photo: Rachel CheungSouth Korean television broadcaster MBC is working on a new documentary about the late actress-singer Sulli, South Korean news outlets reported.

Sulli, whose real name is Choi Jin-ri, died in October last year of an apparent suicide. She was 25.

South Korean entertainment news portal Soompi said the documentary will include interviews with Sulli's family, friends and employees of her management agency SM Entertainment.

It will look at Sulli's life and her road to fame.

She started acting at age 11 in the 2005 drama Ballad Of Seodong before making her idol singer debut as part of K-pop girl group f(x). She left the group in 2015 to focus on her solo acting career. She acted in dramas like To The Beautiful You (2012) and films such as Real (2017), and made a cameo appearance in last year's hit drama Hotel Del Luna shortly before her death.

She was the target of cyber-bullying when she was alive and was said to have been suffering from mental health issues at the time of her death.South Korean singer BoA will celebrate the 20th anniversary of her debut in music by holding a livestreaming event.

Dubbed BoA Still Our No. 1, the event will take place on Aug. 25 at 6:25 p.m. local time on VLIVE.

The singer, who made her debut in 2000 with album ID; Peace B under entertainment agency SM Entertainment, will also hold a question-and-answer and sharing session with her fans during the virtual event.

In July, the agency’s digital music project SM Station announced a special album, Our Beloved BoA, featuring performers who covered BoA’s hit numbers. As reported by Allkpop, they are EXO’s Baekhyun with “Garden in the Air”, Bolbbalgan4 with “Atlantis Princes”, Gallant with “Only One”, Red Velvet with “Milky Way” and SM Classics with “Tree”.

BoA’s second album, No. 1 (2002), was named among the best-selling records of the year in Korea by the Recording Industry Association of Korea with more than 500,000 copies sold. The album includes one of her most popular songs, “No. 1”.

The 33-year old singer is one of the first Korean performers whose fame expanded to Japan as her Japanese debut album Listen to My Heart (2002) debuted at number one on the country's Oricon Chart in that year. (wir/wng)K-pop stars BTS have smashed YouTube records with new single Dynamite, with the video viewed more than 100 million times in the 24 hours following its release.

The South Korean band's track garnered the most views ever for a music video in its first day on the platform - beating a record of 86.3 million views set by fellow K-pop act Blackpink earlier in 2020.

With 101.1 million views in total in its first day, the BTS track also set a new record for the biggest music video premiere in YouTube history - with more than three million fans tuning in to watch its initial release.

Dynamite is also leading the race for the number one slot in this week's official UK chart and has already topped the iTunes chart in more than 100 regions, including the UK.

BTS, which stands for Bangtan Sonyeondan, or Beyond The Scene, are a seven-member group featuring RM, Jin, SUGA, j-hope, Jimin, V and Jung Kook.

Active since 2013, the boyband have risen to worldwide fame in the past few years and were last year named among the 100 most influential people of 2019 by Time magazine.

They also made history as the first Korean act to play at Wembley last year, after selling out their first night in 90 minutes.

Dynamite, a song which features name-drops for US basketball star LeBron James, The Rolling Stones and King Kong, is their first single to be sung fully in English.

It was 1,700 chart sales ahead of Joel Corry & MNEK's five-week chart-topper Head & Heart in the Official Chart first look announced on Sunday.

While they have already topped the UK album chart twice, this would be BTS's first UK number one single should it stay ahead.

Until then, they are celebrating their YouTube record.

However, it could be short-lived one - with Blackpink looking to win back the title, releasing their new single, Ice Cream, with US star Selena Gomez on Friday.K-Pop idol Im Seulong has been involved in a fatal car accident that has resulted in the death of a jaywalking pedestrian, his agency and police confirmed on Tuesday.

The singer, 33, who is part of the group 2AM, was driving in the rain in Seoul on Saturday night when he collided with the pedestrian at a crossing.

He tried to help before emergency services arrived, however the victim tragically died from his injuries on the way to hospital.

Seulong's agency Jellyfish Entertainment said in a statement, issued to Soompi: 'First, may the victim of the fatal accident rest in peace, and we send our deepest condolences to his family.

'On August 1, Im Seulong was driving his car when the accident in the rain occurred. While driving, he collided with a pedestrian crossing the road.

'Right after the accident, Im Seulong immediately took emergency measures on site, but the victim unfortunately passed away while he was being taken to the hospital.

'Im Seulong was questioned by the police according to protocol and was sent home afterwards, but he is in a state of shock.'

Clarifying that details of the case could not be given while the investigation is taking place, Seulong's agency went on: 'Please understand that we cannot reveal the details of the incident as the results of the police investigation have not been revealed yet.

'However, we understand how much pain the victim’s family members must be in, and we would like to sincerely apologise to them.

'Once again, may the victim rest in peace, and we send our deepest condolences to his family. We also extend our apologies to fans for causing concern. Thank you.'

The police confirmed the incident earlier in the day, saying the singer was driving his car through Eunpyeong, in Seoul at 11:50PM KST, and said in a statement: 'We are currently in the process of investigating the accident.

'It is true that the person passed away after being hit by Im Seulong’s car while he was jaywalking.

'However, we are still investigating the details of the situation and whether Im Seulong violated the Road Traffic Act.'

'Im Seulong was not driving under the influence, but we are investigating other possibilities, such as speeding.

'However, it is difficult for us to say anything at this time as the investigation is currently underway. We ask for your understanding that we cannot reveal details regarding the investigation.'

Seulong made his name as a part of idol group 2AM, who he debuted with in 2008 under JYP Entertainment after taking part in the competition show Hot Blood.

The ballad group also consists of members Jo Kwon, Lee Changmin, and Jeong Jinwoon, and they were one of two subgroups to come from eleven-member boy band One Day - with the second idol group being named 2PM.

2AM went on hiatus in 2015 after Seulong, Jinwoon and Changmin chose to not renew their contracts with JYP Entertainment, while Kwon parted ways with the agency in 2017, though they are all still officially a part of the group.

A year of tragedy and scandal for South Korea's K-pop industry MARCH 2019: Lee Seung-hyun, a member of K-pop band Big Bang who goes by the stage name Seungri, was charged with providing prostitutes to foreign investors at his private club. JUNE 2019: Yang Hyun-suk, founder of YG Entertainment, which managed Seungri and other K-pop artists, stepped down from his duties as chief producer, in the wake of drug and sex scandals. OCTOBER 2019: Choi Jin-ri, a former member of girl group f(x) who went by the stage name Sulli, died in an apparent suicide. She had spoken out against cyber-bullying, after becoming the target of criticism when she spoke publicly about not wearing a bra in the conservative K-pop industry. NOVEMBER 2019: K-pop singer Goo Hara was found dead in her home. Police found a handwritten note in which she expressed despair. She had been subjected to vicious attacks online about her relationships with men, local media said. K-pop musician Jung Joon-young was sentenced to six years in prison for raping a woman and distributing a video showing the act. Choi Jong-hoon, 30, a former member of South Korean boy band FT Island, was sentenced to five years prison for the rape of the woman. Both men were members of online chat groups that shared secret sex videos and made jokes about drugging and raping women, the court said. DECEMBER 2019: Lee Jae-ho, a 27-year-old South Korean actor who went by the stage name Cha In-ha, was found dead in his home. The cause of death was not immediately known. The singer-actor had left an Instagram post the day before he was found dead, telling his fans to take care in the cold winter. Kang Daniel, solo singer and former member of the hit boy band Wanna One, decided to take a break as he was suffering from depression and panic attacks, his management agency Konnect Entertainment said, he made his comeback in March. June 2020: K-Pop star Yohan passed away at the age of 28.The South Korean star, whose real name was Kim Jeong-hwan, died on Tuesday, June 16 but cause of death has not been released. Yohan was a member of the boy band TST (formerly known as Top Secret), who released their most recent single in January. August 2020: Im Seulong, of the group 2AM, is involved in a fatal car accident that led to the death of a jaywalking pedestrian.

Seulong's car accident is the latest tragedy to strike K-Pop, following a series of young stars' deaths in 2019.

In June, K-Pop star Yohan, of the boy band TST (formerly known as Top Secret), passed away at the age of 28, the cause of death has not been released.

Singer and actor Cha In Ha, 27, was found dead in December - the third death to hit the industry in seven weeks following the loss of Goo Hara, 28, in November and Sulli, 25, a month earlier..

Hara had been subjected to vicious attacks online about her relationships with men, local media said.

Sulli meanwhile had spoken out against cyber-bullying, after becoming the target of criticism when she spoke publicly about not wearing a bra in the conservative K-pop industry.

She was close friends with Jonghyun, a singer from K-Pop group SHINee, who took his life in December 2017 at the age of 27.

In December K-pop star Kang Daniel suspended all future performances due to his struggles with depression and panic attacks in another incident to draw attention to the industry's dark side, he made his comeback in March.

Alongside the tragic deaths, other big names in the industry have been hit by scandals.

In March 2019 Seungri, who real name is Lee Seung-hyun and is a member of K-pop band Big Bang, was charged with providing prostitutes to foreign investors at his private club.

Then in June of last year, Yang Hyun-suk, founder of YG Entertainment, which managed Seungri and other K-pop artists, stepped down from his duties as chief producer, in the wake of drug and sex scandals.

In November musician Jung Joon-young was sentenced to six years in prison for raping a woman and distributing a video showing the act.

Choi Jong-hoon, 30, a former member of South Korean boy band FT Island, was sentenced to five years prison for the rape of the woman.

Both men were members of online chat groups that shared secret sex videos and made jokes about drugging and raping women, the court said.

A former K-pop idol opened up about the dark side of the multi-billion dollar industry in an interview with Australia's Today show back in December.

Heo Minsun, professionally known by her stage name Way, was part of the South Korean girl group Crayon Pop from 2012 to 2017.

Speaking to the morning show, the 29-year-old said that she was cut off from friends and family and barely earned any money during her time in the chart-topping group.

'I had to sacrifice a lot, like I couldn't meet my family and friends, I didn't earn money a lot,' she said. 'I wanted to escape from that life,' she added.

Crayon Pop skyrocketed to fame in 2013 with the release of their third single, Bar Bar Bar.

The song's music video went viral and turned Crayon Pop into overnight superstars.

At the height of their popularity, they opened up for Lady Gaga's Artpop tour in North America and performed at the Sydney Opera House.

The group officially called it quits in 2017, and Way now works as a popular YouTuber.

K-pop companies are notorious for being extremely strict, with young performers, known as idols, usually banned from dating or owning a mobile phone.

They also work long hours, spending hours each day performing or rehearsing, often on little sleep.

Many K-pop stars face tremendous pressure to look and behave perfectly in an industry powered by so-called 'fandoms' - groups of well-organised admirers who spend enormous amounts of time and money to help their favoured stars climb up the charts and attack their perceived rivals.

In return, the stars are expected to tread carefully in an industry where today's most-fervent fans can be tomorrow's most vicious critics if their idols fail to meet their expectations - or 'betray' them.

Drug use or drunken driving are seen as career-breakers, while behaviour that causes a 'stir' - anything from a social media gaffe to a failure to smile ceaselessly at public appearances - could be criticised for years.

For confidential help and support please contact Samaritans on 116 123Given Korea’s famous love for barbecued meat it might seem a struggle for many K-pop and Korean drama stars to cut out the carnivore within – but more and more celebrities are opting for a vegetable-based diet – and they are inspiring a new generation of young fans to try plant-based eatingLast year, SuperM appeared seemingly out of nowhere, with SM and Capitol Records, two major players in the music industry, recruiting seven members from well-established K-pop bands to form a supergroup. It didn’t take long for the outfit to develop the kind of fan base most artists only dream of, and in no time at all, they were champions.

SuperM shocked the U.S. music industry last year when their introductory EP SuperM debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, making them just the second South Korean musicians (aside from BTS) to score a chart-topping release. Now, they are less than one month out from their next set, and fans can’t wait to hear more from the septet.

I spoke with all seven members of SuperM a short time ago about their upcoming debut album, living up to intimidating expectations and how they feel being mentioned in the same breath as groups like BTS as often as they are.

Note: Most of the musicians who spoke did so in Korean, and their answers were translated into English via a translator. They have been edited only for clarity.

McIntyre: I was so happy to see the announcement about new music! Tell me about the new album and how it's different from your last project?

Mark: Well, first of all, we are very happy to come back and to give you a brief explanation of what the team here does and what the full album is. It's our first full length album ever as SuperM, and it has a variety of different genres for each track. So for it to be completed, it took a while for us to record, but it was really fun, and we can't wait to show our fans.

McIntyre: You've announced the two singles, but what's your favorite song on the album?

Taeyong: There's going to be a new song called “Together at Home” that is going to be included in this first full-length album, I'm excited for that.

McIntyre: Last year I was shocked and so happy to see your EP debut at number one.

McIntyre: I mean, what did it feel like? How did you get that news that you were number one?

Baekhyun: Back when we heard that we got the number one, we were obviously so excited and taken aback by the great news. We felt like this was a greater opportunity for us to meet our fans all over the world as well. That was one thing that really made us excited.

McIntyre: Because you've already had a number one album, do you feel any pressure to repeat that success?

Baekhyun: We know that our audiences do expect certain things from us, but we think amidst the pandemic and everything that's going on in the world right now, we hope people who listen to our music will be encouraged and they can find some kind of healing. We think that's a bigger goal for us than charting on a chart.

McIntyre: Speaking of the pandemic, you held an online concert not too long ago that was huge. Tell me about preparing for that. What was it like seeing so many people tune in?

Mark: We were the first team to open the Beyond The Future concert, and we didn't know at first how it was going to work. The whole crew was a team, and we practiced and loved and cared a lot, and once we actually finally did the concert, we knew that this was the perfect way, the perfect platform to reach our fans all over the world. It was very different from the usual concerts that we do in person, but considering the circumstances that we're under right now, we know that this was the alternative way for us to spread our music to the people. Another great factor was that we got to see so many fans at once, which isn't usually possible in any other location, so you saw the good in all their faces.

McIntyre: You as a group formed last year and you hit number one with your first release. What did it feel like to be so incredibly successful so quickly?

Baekhyun: Obviously SuperM is a group that was formed out of members from all different existing K-pop groups, and each of them have also been successful.

The concept of our team itself is probably really unique and it's something that's never been done before. Because of that, I think the fans were probably pretty shocked because it's so new, the shock value was bigger than other groups when they debuted. I think because it was such a new and refreshing combination of members in a team, that's what made us able to be this successful. Because of the obvious experience and the talent and the successes of each of the individuals in their previous groups, that's also what helped contribute to this.

McIntyre: K-pop is having a huge moment outside of South Korea, as a lot of people are waking up to it and finding out who you are. There are a number of groups doing well in America. Do you enjoy being mentioned in the same breath as other groups, or does that frustrate you? How do you feel about that?

Kai: Obviously because all of the news being mostly about the success of K-pop as a genre, and all of these groups kind of breaking into different markets, we love being mentioned in the same breath as them, because it's about the success of the genre itself. As you mentioned, we haven't been a group for that long, and just the fact that we're able to be included in all of this positive news about the success of K-pop, I think that's what I really enjoy to hear. Going forward we want to show more of our own style and our music as a group as SuperM.

McIntyre: You have a single out now and the album coming in about a month. What does the rest of the year look like for you guys, and how do you intend to promote this album when you can't travel?

Baekhyun: With the whole situation worldwide currently, most of the promotion will probably be online, as many artists are doing all over the world. We want to meet our fans, we want to perform in front of our fans in person, but I think we will continue doing live concerts online, stuff like Beyond LIVE.

The biggest strength of that is that we can have the whole world as our audience at the same time, and that's not really possible when we do regular tours, and I think that's probably the biggest strength of promoting online. We can meet our fans all at the same time from everywhere. We hope to do more of that soon.Naira Marley’s new signee Lyta has been accused of music video plagiarism by South Korean K-pop fans.

K-pop fans took to social media to decry the uncanny similarities between Nigerian singer’s new video for the song “Hold Me Down” And “Just Right” by South Korean K-pop boy band GOT7.

A Twitter fan page of GOT7 @GOT7_JYP noted the similarity between both videos. “Please take legal action on this. We do not accept plagiarism”, they tweeted and tagged the boy band official Twitter account.

Along with their tweet, the fan page shared a video in which both music videos were placed together.

Lyta’s “Hold Me Down” music video was released yesterday via Naira Marley’s YouTube account.

In the description of the video which has now garnered over 400,000 views, Naira Marley wrote that, “This video was inspired by Kpop Korean boy band GOT7 and BTS.”

Meanwhile, GOT7’s music video for “Right Here” was published on July 12, 2015. The video has been viewed over 335 million times.

Reacting to the accusation, Naira Marley on his Twitter page said:

“Lyta they’re dragging ur hair in Asia right now😂😂😂😂 Lyta’s not the video director mf. #ApologiseLyta 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂”

Lyta, whose birth name is Lawal Opeyemi Raimi, is a Nigerian singer and songwriter. He signed a record deal with YBNL Nation in 2018 but left the label in May 2019. He recently signed a record deal with Naira Marley’s Malian Records.

GOT7 is a South Korean boy band formed by JYP Entertainment, a South Korean multinational entertainment and record label conglomerate. The group is composed of seven members: JB, Mark, Jackson, Jinyoung, Youngjae, BamBam, and Yugyeom.

Got7 debuted in January 2014 with the release of their first EP Got It? The music project peaked at number two on the Gaon Album Chart and number one on Billboard’s World Albums Chart.One of the most distinct K-pop acts on the scene, Dreamcatcher has been solidifying its status more than ever despite the pandemic era. 



Having returned with its new moombahton-rock “Boca,” the seven-piece act appeared in a recent live broadcast with The Korea Herald held via Naver’s V Live. The hourlong session was also jointly hosted by Christian Burgos, a popular Mexican entertainer based in Seoul. Chinese member Handong, who’s been staying in China, couldn’t take part due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. 



Contrary to the group’s propulsive rock-metal sounds -- a rarity for a girl group here -- and its dark, nightmare-themed narratives, the bandmates showcased a totally different image off the stage, churning out positive energy and laughter nonstop in the session. Living up to their huge international following, the broadcast racked up over 60,000 views and 9 million hearts from all over the world. 





The conversation kicked off by reminiscing about the group’s previous world tours, which the band has been pining for again these days. “We especially remember how our Latin fans were so passionate and energetic for us,” said the girl group in unison. 



Burgos chimed in and talked about how popular the group was in his home country of Mexico. “I first came across your music from a Korean music video game ‘Pump It Up,’ and the dance game included your hit ‘Fly High,’” he recalled. With “Boca” from fifth EP “Dystopia: Lose Myself” also meaning “mouth” in Spanish, many fans from V Live recommended the group to sing the song in Spanish in the future. 



Continuing the “Boca” theme, each of the bandmates went on to share the most impressive words they’ve heard in their entire life. The song sends a critical message to naysayers who attack others with words of hate or discouragement. 



“For me, it was ‘Thank you for being my musician,’ which I heard from a fan,” said Jiu. “Fans always tell me this either in a letter or by word, and I get so touched every time I hear it.” 



Yoohyeon said “I like you so much,” while Dami answered “genius idol.” Sua came up with the encouraging bemusement of “What can’t you do?” Gahyeon, Yoohyeon and Siyeon respectively answered: “I will always support you no matter what you do. Thank you for always improving yourself,” “I like you so much” and “Siyeon, father will always support you no matter what you do.” 





The fun-filled broadcast also saw the band playing a game called “Boca or Cuerpo,” where they were given questions related to Dreamcatcher’s keywords and expressed the answers either in words or body gestures. Throughout the game, the bandmates boasted in-sync teamwork and an upbeat energy, entertaining viewers with their most natural selves. The musicians showcased their various charms by singing to their favorite songs, like “Kiss Me” by Ed Sheeran, “Dance Monkey” by Tonese And I, “Juicy” by Rocket Punch, “Nonstop” by Oh My Girl, “Rain Drop” by IU and “Be By My Side” by Crush.



After originally debuting under the group name MINX in 2014, the group rebranded itself as Dreamcatcher and released the “Nightmare” EP with lead track “Chase Me.” Dreamcatcher’s original musical approach is still testing the water of the K-pop industry, taking some time to make a major splash. But the future bodes well for this notable group. 



By Hong Dam-young (lotus@heraldcorp.com)As he approaches his 32nd birthday we look back at an inimitable artist who started out in the Korean entertainment business at only 8 years old – and went on to shape the K-pop genre in his own imageDespite the challenges of 2020, many K-pop acts and musicians have remained busy this year, as they continue to release new projects and music for fans to enjoy in quarantine. Over the past few months, the booming industry has seen a number of exciting releases, including BTS‘ first all-English song and more recently, BLACKPINK‘s collaboration with Selena Gomez. OG stars like Lee Hyori and Rain came back to the scene for a project team dubbed SSAK3, delivering a nostalgic song for their fans. Additionally, following a successful debut back in 2018, Riot Games‘ virtual pop group K/DA has recently returned with its second track.

From unexpected collaborations to the exploration of different genres, the K-pop scene has been thriving this year, despite COVID-19 travel restrictions that have forced artists and producers to stay home. Below, we put together some of the biggest hits of 2020. Look through the compilation and learn more about the K-pop acts below.

For more on Korean music, read about Junghwa, Hyori, Jessi and Hwasa of girl group Refund Expedition.

ZICO kicked off 2020 with “Any Song,” an upbeat single that quickly became a hit. An “Any Song Challenge” began circulating on social media platforms like Instagram and TikTok, with the hashtag boasting more than 100,000 posts of fans dancing to the song. Atop the bouncy melody, ZICO delivers hopeful and carefree lyrics encouraging people to do whatever they want.

Returning after a year-long hiatus, iKON dropped a country-inspired tune reminiscent of Kesha and Pitbull’s 2013 track “Timber.” The group’s first release as a six-person band, “Dive” was co-written by former member B.I.

Besides K-pop, the Korean entertainment industry has received much international success with its TV dramas, some of which have become hit shows on Netflix. Featured on the soundtrack of Itaewon Class, Gaho‘s “Start Over” swiftly became a popular title earlier this year.

Arriving as the lead single of the K-pop sensation’s fourth studio album Map of the Soul : 7, “ON” arrived with a cinematic choreography video titled “Kinetic Manifesto Film : Come Prima.” An official music video dropped shortly after, featuring all seven members against scenes that hint at biblical stories. Since the release, BTS has won a Guinness World Record in South Korea for having the best-selling album of all-time.

A song about embracing yourself for who you really are, “WANNABE” landed as the first track from ITZY‘s second mini-album, IT’z Me. A blend of dance, house and hip hop, the track starts with a powerful beat, followed by the girl group’s signature vocals. “I don’t wanna be somebody, just wanna be me, me/I wanna be me, me, me,” the group sings confidently.

One of the group’s latest releases before WINNER announced a hiatus due to member Jinwoo’s mandatory military service, “Hold” was written by the group’s rapper MINO. Featured in the four-piece’s third EP Remember, the song is accompanied by a music video of the members getting playful at home with fellow YG artist, AKMU’s Lee Suhyun.

You’ll find yourself easily immersed in the catchy tune and the visuals for Apink‘s “Dumhdurum.” Shot against aesthetic, vibrant sets, the music video sees the members dressed in high-fashion ‘fits from luxury brands like Gucci. The addictive track is taken from the the band’s ninth anniversary EP, Look.

Along with its deluxe album NCT #127 Neo Zone, NCT 127 dropped a powerful music video for “Punch.” The song leads with suspenseful whipsering verses, while each member is pictured in front of a psychedelic background.

A rising name in the K-pop universe, (G)I-DLE has been having a successful year so far with hit songs like “Oh My God.” Each member of the two-year-old group shows off individual performances in the music video accompanying the sensual tune.

Mamamoo‘s Solar made her solo debut this year with “Spit It Out.” Written by the musician herself and produced by rapper Sleepy, the track is a blend between dark pop and Latin pop, featuring energetic beats and unique synth sounds.

Continuing her solo career following her year-long debut project with IOI, Chungha released “Stay Tonight.” The single boasts house-influenced beats, along with harp and piano riffs for a dramatic mood.

K-pop’s popular singer-songwriter IU teamed up with BTS’ SUGA for the single, “eight.” The pop rock track features a nostalgic tune and personal lyrics. Midway through, SUGA jumps in with a rap verse, as a mix of animated and live footages of IU are played throughout the music video.

The title track of JYP group TWICE‘s ninth EP, “More & More” follows the releases of “FANCY” and “TT.” Upon dropping the record, the idol band performed “More & More” during a virtual concert.

Following her solo debut “Twit,” Mamamooo member Hwasa released her first-ever EP with hit track “Maria.” Set to trap and synth beats with a hint of Latin pop, the song discusses the struggles Hwasa has experienced with mental health. The music video features a number of stylish wardrobe changes as well as stunning dance sequences.

Following the band’s year-long hiatus, BLACKPINK returned with its comeback track “How You Like That” in June. The track arrives as the lead single for BLACKPINK’s upcoming release, THE ALBUM. From modified Hanbok looks to designer ensembles, the music video is filled with memorable fashion moments.

“Pporappippam,” which translates as “purple-lit night” in Korean, arrived with visuals splashed with violet hues. A mix between dance and city pop, the tune features rhythmic beats and a catchy melody. Sunmi‘s music video glam — a purple eyeshadow and eyeliner — also became popular among fans, with many posting their take on the makeup look on social media.

Red Velvet began venturing into sub-units with a new duo formed by Irene and Seulgi. The two members released “Monster,” which was later followed by “Naughty.” The medium-tempo dance track boasts heavy bass with dubstep beats, straying away from Red Velvet’s signature upbeat sounds.

EXO‘s sub-unit EXO-SC, comprised of Sehun and Chanyeol, dropped its first studio album 1 Billion Views earlier this summer. The title track features funky guitar sounds with a disco rhythm. In the music video, the two members dance on city streets lit with bright neon signs.

Japanese pop star YUKIKA shifted her career by entering the K-pop world last year. Following her first solo single “Neon,” she revealed her debut album with lead track “Soul Lady,” in which she sings Korean lyrics atop retro, city pop-style beats.

2020 has been a huge year for SOMI. The star has signed with Interscope Records, meaning that she will be releasing music beyond South Korea. Known for winning reality competition show Produce 101, the musician is now exploring new musical styles with co-producer Teddy. In July, the artist released her latest track “What You Waiting For” along with a beautifully shot music video.

Even if you aren’t familiar with Girls’ Generation or HYO, you may have listened to “DESSERT” already on TikTok. The K-pop veteran released the track with rapper Loopy and (G)I-DLE’s Soyeon along with a dance video on the popular social media platform. More artists and influencers shared their own take on the trend, joining HYO to enjoy the electronic sound.

Earlier this summer, comedian Yoo Jaeseok enlisted OG K-pop stars Rain and Lee Hyori for a project band called SSAK3. With the entire making of the band documented and unveiled in MBC’s reality show Hangout With Yoo, the three-member team has become one of the most popular musical acts this year. Its single “Beach Again” was composed by Hyori’s husband and songwriter Lee Sangsoon.

Rapper Jessi released her third mini album NUNA with the track “NUNU NANA” back in July. With its catchy beats and lyrics, the song was quickly picked up by TikTok users. A surprise for fans, Jessi is joined by Hyori in the music video. It was later revealed that the duo has joined forces for their new project, Refund Expedition.

JY Park, head of JYP Entertainment, teamed up with his longtime friend Sunmi for a retro track titled “When We Disco.” The partnership gained much attention, as it was the first time the two musicians worked together after Sunmi departed from Wonder Girls and Park’s management company. Featuring heavy synth and disco beats, the song illustrates the story of two lovers who reminisce about their relationship. In the accompanying music video, Park and Sunmi show off ’80s style outfits as they perform a retro-inspired dance sequence.

Global K-pop sensation BTS revealed its first all-English track “Dynamite” in August. Following up on its Map of the Soul : 7 release, the group unveiled a set of visuals with a pastel color palette for the new song. The summer-friendly tune recorded more than one million likes on YouTube even before the music video had premiered.

Following its 2018 debut, Riot Games’ K-pop group K/DA made a grand return with a new song titled “THE BADDEST.” Featuring (G)I-DLE’s Soyeon and Miyeon, Bea Miller and wolftyla as contirbuting artists, the track features digital characters Ahri, Kai’Sa, Akali and Evelynn singing the chorus: “We’re comin’ at you live, real, real wild/Here to light it up, set the world on fire/Gonna break the rules and hearts in twos/’Cause that’s what the baddest do.” In the visuals, the members are portrayed in outfits that have never been seen before in League of Legends.

BLACKPINK’s highly anticipated collaboration with Selena Gomez attracted over one million likes just minutes into the music video’s premiere on YouTube. Co-written by Ariana Grande and Victora Monét, “Ice Cream” is lifted from the K-pop group’s upcoming album, slated to release on October 2.Korean pop star and singer Somi spoke to PopSugar and shared many interesting details of her new release--What You Waiting For. Plus, her plans for new music. Read what she said below.

Korean pop artist Somi is stepping into a new career phase and transforming into a multifaceted artist. The 19-year-old singer recently dropped her new song--What You Waiting For last week, with an equally dynamic music video. The new song marks her first project with Interscope Records and her official comeback since taking a year-long hiatus after releasing Birthday and Outta My Head in 2019. Post her powerful comeback, Somi spoke to PopSugar and opened up about her evolution as an artist, and her plans for more new music.

When asked about her experience writing and composing her new song, Somi said: “I'm learning a lot these days about writing and composing because I started out in a K-pop girl group, so we usually just get songs from writers, and we sing the songs and practice the choreography. But now, I write and compose, so it's all new to me, and I'm trying to get better at it. It's like a new job — learning every day and working with my producer, Teddy [Park]. It's a lot of trial and error and recording on my phone — taking an idea in my head and trying to find the words and melodies to express it properly. It's amazing when it finally does come together.”

Somi also reflected on the fact that her new song is very different from the songs she usually does. “I think in Korea, a lot of people know me as the very bright Somi. I came out with my song Birthday first because a lot of people knew that bright Somi, and I didn't want to give them a big change. With this new song, I hope to show how I'm growing as an artist. You can see a more serious side and that I have many layers as a musician,” Somi shared.

Before finishing the interview, Somi left a message for her fans--hinting at new projects--saying: “I've been working very hard, and I have a lot more that I want to share with you guys soon. This is a new chapter, so stay tuned because it's going to be cool.”

ALSO READ: From BTS to Itaewon Class, how an Indian got addicted to the Korean entertainment industry

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueEvery summer in the K-pop industry, there’s an unwritten battle for a standout song of the summer track among its girl groups. Most chart-toppers have come in the form of breezy anthems (most notably Sistar ’s string of smashes from 2012 to 2015), but (G)I-DLE have also delivered an annual summer success since their 2018 debut with a range of sounds. After the dark and sinister “Hann (Alone)” and last year’s ‘90s-inspired hip-hop cut “Uh Oh,” the multinational sextet takes the feel-good approach with “Dumdi Dumdi.”

Introduced at an online media showcase earlier today (August 3) in Seoul, the new track “Dumdi Dumdi” delivers another side of (G)I-DLE with a flirty and fun cut boasting booming percussion, light Latin-pop influences and a subtle incorporation of the dependably catchy whistle hook. The girls shout out their intention to "turn up my summer" along with a TikTok-ready dance break featuring an easy-to-follow drum and finger choreography.

(G)I-DLE’s rapping leader Soyeon, who co-wrote and co-produced the track, continues to outdo herself with one of her most memorable verses so far, trying out vocal-0manipulation effects while simultaneously spitting some of her fastest rhymes to date on the second verse. Meanwhile, vocalist Minnie snags a standout moment with a dreamy delivery on the bridge before Miyeon swoops in with a soaring belt to take us to the song’s outro. It all feels fresh for (G)I-DLE who take another major musical turn after employing slow-churning electronic-pop back in “Oh My God” from early spring.

The accompanying video also brings out the singers’ acting sides. From Shuhua playing a worn-out diner worker to the mischievous Soojin looking for something to cure a bout of boredom, as well as Cowgirl Yuqi literally riding into set on a horse, the visual lets the members embrace new characters and bring additional vim to the vibe of “Dumdi Dumdi.”

The new single marks (G)I-DLE’s next move in what’s increasingly becoming an even bigger breakout year for the K-pop outfit. After signing with a U.S. label in Republic Records, they scored their biggest album sales to date with I Trust in the spring—an album they told me shows their “contrast” as a group—before releasing new music aimed at the U.S. market that helped them score a nomination at the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards.

No doubt this latest single will keep their trajectory high and, just maybe, earn them the coveted girl group song of the summer title. So far there’s strong competition from BLACKPINK’s “How You Like That,” Oh My Girl’s “Dolphin” and April’s “Now or Never,” but it’s still anyone’s game and (G)I-DLE did promise to come and “turn up” the summer.Chinese American rapper Bohan Phoenix used to think that fighting racism just meant treating everyone with respect.

But after he was verbally abused on a New York subway earlier this year, as fears of the coronavirus led to racially charged attacks on Asians in the US, he felt he needed to be more proactive — and vocal — about standing up for people.

“COVID[-19], really, in a twisted way, gave me a slight glimpse of what it might be like to be a Black person in America,” he said. “Also, the momentum of seeing everything happening around me, especially in New York, there was no way that with everything that was happening, that I could have sat still and just kept thinking, ‘Oh, I just need to be nice to every person.’”

In the past few months, he’s become more active and outspoken, going to Black Lives Matter protests, learning more about the civil rights struggle, donating money to social justice causes and using social media to encourage others to do the same. But he’s been struggling to find a way to make music that reflects this experience.

Related: Family of detained Chinese activist calls for his release

These are issues that many other artists of Asian ethnicity are grappling with in the US and around the world. Given the Black roots of hip-hop, rap, K-pop and other musical genres, BLM is hard to ignore, but artists straddle all kinds of considerations including restraints on freedom of expression in their respective countries.

For Bohan Phoenix, it affects him personally, and in his approach to music: “It’s a weird time to make music because I can't write anything that's not about what's happening right now [— ] but for me to put that out as a song, that feels weird, too.”

Recently, Bohan Phoenix and Jamel Mims, an American rapper who spent years in China and performs as MC Tingbudong, did a broadcast on Instagram talking about Asian communities and Black Lives Matter. The two shared their experiences, traded rhymes and talked about what the role of hip-hop artists should be.

Rita Fan, a hip-hop writer, penned an article on the small minority of Chinese hip-hop artists speaking up in support of Black Lives Matter.

Most big hip-hop stars have stayed silent, according to Fan. That’s because mainstream hip-hop in China today isn’t rooted in any fight for social justice, she said.

“Young people maybe just see, ‘Oh, this is trendy. This is fashionable, and this seems so cool. It makes money,’” she explained.

For the past two decades, hip-hop had an underground following in China. Then, three years ago, an online TV show, “The Rap of China,” changed all that.

“The first season of ‘The Rap of China’ popped up and just exploded everything,” she said.

The online TV show brings in millions of viewers and has launched huge careers for many new artists. Bohan Phoenix said these artists and fans embrace the look and sound of hip-hop, rooted in Black culture, without learning the history.

“They completely sanitized it,” he said. “There wasn't a single episode talking about the origin of hip-hop. There are Chinese kids effectively seeing dreads on Asian kids for the first time. There's Chinese kids listening to hip-hop for the first time from Chinese people.”

That’s similar to K-pop in Korea, says Hye Jin Lee, who is a clinical assistant professor at the University of Southern California’s Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism.

“So, even in Korea, there’s not a whole lot of political connotation in the music or in the performance of hip-hop,” she said. “It’s more of a commercial tool to express one’s so-called swag and coolness.”

In the aftermath of George Floyd’s death after a white, Minneapolis officer knelt on his neck for nearly nine minutes, some K-pop, and Korean and Chinese hip-hop artists posted on social media in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement.

Korean fans could read along in real-time what K-pop stars were posting on Instagram and Twitter, which are popular platforms in Korea. But Chinese fans couldn’t read what was being said by the biggest Asian American hip-hop label 88rising, and its stars Higher Brothers, on social media platforms that are banned in China. And 88rising stayed silent on Weibo, China’s social media site.

Lee said overall, the K-pop industry is more connected to Black culture in the US than is Chinese hip-hop.

“First of all, the K-pop industry itself is built on Black music and also because K-pop’s popularity in the States owes heavily to the African American fans here,” she said.

With only 51 million people in Korea, K-pop has had to be more outward-facing. It's now a global industry with K-pop artists all over the world, like Jay Park, based in America. Lee said that the global nature of K-pop helps to explain why the band BTS and its management company, Big Hit Entertainment, donated a million dollars to Black Lives Matter.

One reason why big Chinese stars may shy away from speaking out is that discussing politics in China is tricky. And with the Hong Kong protests becoming a flashpoint between the US and China, staying quiet might seem the safest bet to avoid problems with authorities and fans who are keeping tabs.

The most vocal support for BLM has come from hip-hop artists with a smaller, more underground following. Fan, the hip-hop writer, said that hardcore hip-hop fans knew which artists would speak up.

“Because they speak up not only for Black Lives Matter movement but also for other social issues in China. Because they care about society. They care about others,” Fan said.

The Beijing rapper, Saber, put out an unofficial music video on Weibo with a long statement. He also has a song, “We are Hip Hop,” which includes lyrics that share his response to the Black Lives Matter movement.

“We’re all human regardless of our race or nationality,” he raps, wearing a Kobe Bryant jersey. “If you empathize, then you must fight for freedom. If oppression exists, we must speak up.”

Nasty Ray, another underground Beijing rapper, recently put out a Black Lives Matter mixtape for his fans which included songs by Tupac Shakur, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg and Childish Gambino. Inside the mixtape CD case, the words, “Love Black People Like You Love Black Culture,” is in giant letters.

“Since I was young I’ve been influenced by Black music. I’m a rapper and a DJ so I should use my music to express my support for Black people. I chose songs for the mixtape that would talk about the inequality Black people face,” he told The World via text message.

Major Chinese hip-hop stars may never acknowledge the debt they owe Black artists for the music that’s made them famous. But rappers like Saber, Nasty Ray and Bohan Phoenix are beginning to use their music as a platform to educate their fans about social justice and the history of hip-hop — something they’re continuing to learn themselves.Get ready for some #SelPink in your area!

After a week of fevered speculation, pop star Selena Gomez has revealed herself as the mystery artist featured on Blackpink’s forthcoming single, arriving Aug. 28. Last week, the K-pop girl group unveiled the cover art for the track and hinted at a new collaboration — sending prescient fans of Gomez and Blackpink into an all-caps tweeting frenzy.

“So SO excited to announce [Blackpink] and I have a new song coming out!” Gomez said Tuesday, confirming the rumors on Twitter and Instagram. (A moment of silence for all the #AriPink hopefuls who predicted a collab between Blackpink and “Thank U, Next” hitmaker Ariana Grande.)

Blackpink members Jisoo, Jennie, Lisa and Rosé also shared the news on social media, as did the band’s official Twitter account. Combined, Gomez and Blackpink’s announcements have amassed more than 586,000 likes on the platform.

“SELPINK isn’t just a collab, its a cultural reset, its the best collab of 2020 ALREADY, its a masterpiece, its art in its purest form, its a gift from God, a food for your soul and a breath of holiness, it is everything that we need,” tweeted several excited Blinks (members of the Blackpink fandom).

Earlier this year, the women of Blackpink joined forces with Lady Gaga for “Sour Candy,” a hit single off the latter’s 2020 album, “Chromatica,” after teaming with Dua Lipa for 2018’s “Kiss and Make Up.” A title for the group’s latest joint track still has yet to be revealed.

In January, Gomez released her third studio effort, “Rare,” which the Los Angeles Times hailed as her “first great pop album.” And earlier this summer, she collaborated with singer-songwriter Trevor Daniel and rapper Lil Mosey for a remix of Daniel’s “Past Life.”Several years ago, K-pop was a niche genre that not many people know about. However, the popularity of K-pop has exploded recently, with BTS leading the way into the American music industry for other K-pop groups.

However, even though the genre is now more accepted by the general public, it does not mean it is fully understood. For many fans, K-pop is still seen as a novelty by a lot of American news outlets and music audiences. As such, there has often been a call for K-pop artists to be treated with more respect in America.

BTS and several K-pop artists have been promoting in America

BTS’s popularity in America and other Western countries exploded in 2017 after the group won a Billboard Music Award. Since then, other BTS and K-pop artists have spent considerable time promoting in America as well.

For example, artists like BTS, SuperM, Itzy, NCT 127, and Stray Kids have toured in American cities. Plenty of K-pop groups have also done interviews with American news outlets and appeared on American TV shows.

Fans consistently criticize news outlets for their coverage of K-pop

RELATED: Why Do K-Pop Groups Have So Many Members?

However, while K-pop is clearly getting a lot of attention in American media, not every fan thinks the attention is positive.

For instance, BTS fans have criticized news outlets numerous times for their coverage of the group. Recently, Time Magazine was slammed for saying the Backstreet Boys and *NSYNC “paved the way” for BTS’s success. Fans believed comparing BTS to Western boy bands undermined the K-pop groups’ own achievements.

Meanwhile, countless news outlets have been criticized for not doing proper research on BTS and K-pop. Forbes recently came under fire for publishing an article called “What Went Wrong With BTS’s New Album?,” which noted that their latest release, Map of the Soul: 7 – The Journey, only charted at number 115 on the Billboard 200 instead of in the top 10 like their earlier albums. However, the article did not mention that the album was only meant for the Japanese market, and it, in fact, did very well in Japan.

Fans believe BTS and K-pop artists deserve more respect in America

RELATED: Can Blackpink Become the Next K-Pop Group to Break America? Fans Have Mixed Feelings About Their Prospect

In a Reddit thread discussing K-pop artists promoting in America, one fan shared the opinion that American news outlets and audiences do not seem to give K-pop the respect it deserves. The person also pointed out that it feels like many places simply want to take advantage of K-pop’s dedicated fans to get more views and clicks.

“I don’t think people in the US will ever look at K-pop as more as weird Korean boy/girl groups,” the fan wrote. “They’ll never achieve respect, they’re all spectacle. That’s all. There is no legitimacy to [their award show] nominations, they’re mere popularity votes pandering to rabid fans so as to get ad revenue for attracting rabid fans to TV broadcasts. [It’s] not based on respect. It makes me nauseous.”

Other fans agree, with another person saying, “I’m hoping groups can be seen as respectable artists in America. I know BTS is getting more popular in America, but they are still being treated as a trendy foreign act rather than artists.”

Of course, the question of when—if ever—K-pop groups will be seen as respectable artists by the general public is a tough one to answer. It involves a lot of discussions about pop music as a whole and how race factors into it. At the end of the day, though, it is hard to deny that K-pop artists like BTS are still immensely successful and have achieved way more than most people would have thought possible.South Korean artist Tiger JK and several local K-Pop fanbases have showed their support and condolences with Lebanon in the aftermath of the catastrophic twin blasts that ripped through Beirut’s port last week.

Local fanbases have also paid tribute to the victims of the massive explosions that devastated and destroyed surrounding neighbourhoods of the city, sharing a ‘HelpLebanon.Carrd’ link that features a list of resources and NGOs people can donate and help those affected.

“A moment of silence to pay respects and send our prayers to everyone affected by this devastating news. Everyone in and outside of Lebanon, please be safe and hope for a better tomorrow for our brothers and sisters who are battling with their lives today,” BlackPink’s local Twitter fan account, Blackpink UAE, tweeted, alongside a short clip of Beirut’s explosions.

BTS’s Lebanon-based fan account, BTS Lebanon, on Twitter, have also tweeted that they will be inactive for three days as a result of the devastating blasts.

“We will be off for 3 days to stand with people who lost their families. RIP to all people who lost their lives during this Heartbreaking accident. Please stay in your houses and close the windows, avoid inhaling outdoor air, & donate some blood to hospitals in need,” BTS Lebanon tweeted on August 4.

The K-Pop group’s local Twitter fan account have also kindly requested BTS’s fanbase, also known as ARMYs, to remove the Dynamite emoji from their respective display names. ‘Dynamite’ is the name of BTS’s upcoming English single.

Global celebrities such as George and Amal Clooney, Halsey, Ariane Grande, Dua Lipa, and Gigi Hadid have also urged others to help in the aftermath of the cataclysmic explosions that reportedly killed more than 150 people and made 300,000 people homeless.

The country is already facing an economic crisis roiled by political turmoil and a rising number of COVID-19 cases.Kohima: Nagaland's Task Force for Music and Arts (TaFMA) is all set to host 'Indie-pendence Rock' -- an online concert featuring Indie artists from across the country.

"Despite the restrictions of lockdown and several others, TaFMA has made significant efforts in engaging the entertainment, music and arts fraternity during the lockdown period," TaFMA adviser Theja Meru told .

In continuation of its efforts, Meru said that the online concert was planned to engage and assist the music and entertainment industry, particularly the ‘Indie artists’, who are undergoing many challenges due to cancellation of live events and so on.

"We have come up with this project to showcase some of our country’s top musical talents," he said, further adding that people can expect "loads of good music".

He said that some of the country’s top artists will also be performing. The line-up includes Uday Benegal, Alobo Naga and the Band, Vasu Dexit from Swarathma, Archy Jay (The Snake Charmer), Koko, and Mar Jamir from Polar Lights.

MY.st will feature as a special guest artiste from South Korea. The 'Indie-pendence Rock' is presented by TaFMA Nagaland in association with RollingStone India and Music Connect Asia and curated by Musik-A Nagaland.

It is scheduled to be live on Facebook @tafmanagaland at 7 pm on August 15.Haikyuu has kept fans waiting on edge for its fourth season to return, and that time has almost come. The sports anime is slated to make its return this fall as the Karasuno Volleyball team prepares to take on their hardest match yet. Of course, the comeback calls for a new theme song, and fans can listen to the new track thanks to a new K-pop music video.

Recently, Big Hit Entertainment released its full MV for "Drama", the new theme song for Haikyuu. The track is done by TXT, who is otherwise known as Together x Tomorrow, and the cute reel highlights all of the members while paying homage to the anime's star players.

You can find the music video above in all of its upbeat glory. The video begins with the members of TXT hanging out together, but one of them looks out of place in a big way. This isolation continues through the end of the video, and it will have fans feeling bad for the odd man out. The visual has also worried fans about what will happen in the remainder of season four as no player is ever left behind by Karasuno. But as a way to lighten things up, the members are seen dancing in several scenes all while donning Karasuno uniforms!

As for the track itself, the music is snappy with a catchy chorus. The team at Big Hit Entertainment outdid itself with the arrangement, and its Japanese lyrics flow well. "Drama" is not only an excellent track for TXT to have under its belt, but its theme song quality is undeniable.

As for when fans can see this theme song on TV, it will join Haikyuu season four shortly. The show is slated for an October midseason premiere, but K-pop fans can go ahead and stream this MV now to hype the anime and TXT all in one go.

What do you think about this new music video? Do the members of TXT do the Karasuno Volleyball Team justice? Let me know in the comments or hit me up on Twitter @MeganPetersCB to talk all things comics and anime!Is Kajol watching? K-Pop band BTS dances to Des Rangila as they wish Indian fans a ‘Happy Independence Day’ in desi style

Global heartthrobs and fashion influencers, BTS K-Pop band have increasingly been garnering limelight for being gamechangers not only in the world of music and dance but also with their red carpet appearances since Grammy Awards 2019. Members Jin, Suga, RM, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook have turned into worldwide sensations and their Indian fans couldn’t keep calm as a video of South Korea’s highest net worth boys went viral on Independence Day.

A fan page on Instagram, Filmforfare, which is known for sharing crossovers of BTS videos with Bollywood songs, treated fans to a hilarious video of their favourites. While the clip was from another BTS music video, Des Rangila played in the backdrop and the lip sync and dance steps matched so perfectly that we wondered what Kajol’s reaction would be if she was watching.

Des Rangila has been Indian dancers favourite patriotic number to shake a leg on ever since it featured in the movie Fanaa, starring actors Kajol and Aamir Khan. The crossover video was captioned, “Here’s BTS and Team Filmforfare wishing everyone a very Happy Independence Day” and punctuated it with the emoji of Indian tricolour flag.

The COVID-19 pandemic pushed all Independence Day celebrations digital this year and the BTS X Des Rangila crossover video came just at the right time. With no social gatherings and minimal flag hoisting ceremonies taking place in the country, the national holiday this Independence Day served well to reconnect with our family and friends over online quizes and competitions.

Despite the coronavirus lockdown restrictions, citizens were seen engaging with each other while still following the social distancing norms. From participating in tricolour cuisine making competitions to patriotic poetry or painting sessions online, social media has been flooding with activity since morning and abuzz with a plethora of innovative celebrations this August 15.

We wish all our readers a Happy Independence Day! May we never give hatred, jealousy and greed a chance and may we turn more compassionate and harmonious beginning today.

Follow more stories on Facebook and TwitterWith four months left in 2020, K-pop's biggest and brightest stars are still planning to deliver their debut albums and other special projects. But which one are you most excited about?

On the heels of their top 40 Hot 100 hit "How You Like That" smash, Blackpink plans on dropping the K-pop quartet's highly anticipated debut LP The Album on Oct. 2.

SuperM returns with their own debut album Super One on Sept. 25. But before then, the so-called "Avengers of K-pop," formed by members of SHINee, EXO, NCT 127 and WayV, will keep it "100" with the first single coming out next Friday, Aug. 14. Previously, SuperM's debut EP The 1st Mini Album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 in October 2019.It is regarded as a duty that all men over 18 should be proud to fulfil, and that no one should skip.At 13-years-old, Kwon Bo-ah released her first album ID; Peace B on August 25, 2000. Two decades later, the South Korean pop star known as BoA has gone on to become one of the country’s, and Asia’s, most beloved pop divas, with over a dozen albums in Korean, Japanese and English, and so many hit songs that it would be hard to fit them all in one paragraph.

Recognized as the first South Korean artist that broke into the Japanese music scene, the second-largest music market in the world, and led a wave of Korean pop acts rising to prominence in that country in the ‘00s – and the first South Korean artist to ever land an album on the Billboard 200 albums chart back in 2009 – BoA’s impact is still felt to this day, with her releases in recent years exploring what it means to be a woman at the top of her industry with everything to show for it. To celebrate her 20-years in the industry, BoA’s working on a new album, but also collaborated withartists including Gallant, Baekhyun of EXO, Red Velvet and Bol4 to remake some of her biggest hits through the Our Beloved BoA project.

Speaking to Forbes ahead of the anniversary, BoA discussed what she’s working on, her legacy, and how her love of music and performing is going to keep her going for years to come.

Tamar Herman: Firstly, congratulations on 20 years in this industry. How do you feel about achieving this milestone, of being an active artist and leading the K-pop industry for twenty years?

BoA: It’s a little hard to believe that it’s already been 20 years. It’s been very interesting, and a lot of people have been contacting me and congratulating me. But overall it’s an interesting and weird feeling.

BoA: Cause people told me that I’m still young. [Laughs] I just started too young, too early.

Herman: You are still so young since, as you say, you started early in your career. So how does it feel to have reached 20 years into your career at this stage in life?

BoA: Obviously, I’ve been a singer for longer than my whole life span [prior] basically, and I made the decision to become a singer very early. I think I’m really lucky and blessed to be doing what I love as my life’s work.

Herman: How are you celebrating this accomplishment?

BoA: I’ve been working on my upcoming album and, like I said earlier, all of my fans and everyone at the company has just been congratulating me so it’s become more and more real to me that it’s already been 20 years and I’m celebrating this anniversary. But, you know, personally I’m trying not to put too much weight on that number because I think I still have so much left in my career and this could lead to a 30-year anniversary and more.

Herman: What can we look forward to on your upcoming album?

BoA: I’ve been working really hard on it, and a lot of people have been giving me advice like, “Maybe we should do this or that special thing for this 20-year anniversary album.” But I think what I wanted to do with this particular album is do what is most like me, like BoA. This album is going to have a lot of what I personally want to put in. The work I should put out as an artist, as BoA right now.

Herman: Your label SM Entertainment is releasing the Our Beloved BoA series through its SM Station digital singles platform, with many popular K-pop artists covering some of your biggest hits. How do you feel about this project, and getting to see these talents reinvent your work?

BoA: One of the first things that I noticed was how these songs were being remade to a more kind of 2020 current vibe, and how the composition changed. That was really cool to see. Just in general, it’s really awesome to see these younger juniors and artists covering my songs. It’s not really common for me to hear other artists cover my songs, especially the older songs, so that fact itself is really cool. Seeing male artists cover my songs, that’s also not very common so being able to hear that and be a part of that was very cool.

Herman: Gallant recreated “Only One” in English. How was it to see him rework that song, and recreate it?

BoA: With Gallant, he had actually said in an interview in the past that he was a fan. That itself was really cool to me. When we were working on this project and deciding who would cover “Only One,” I specifically wanted a male artist to cover that song. The fact that Gallant was able to partake in that was really cool. He wrote his own lyrics for that, so to see how he reinterpreted it and remade it into his own style was really wonderful. I think his version of it really portrays Gallant as an artist so that was really cool to see.

Herman: You’re considered one of the foundational acts for K-pop, especially in regard to its growth in Japan and you were the first K-pop artist to land an album on the Billboard 200. How do you feel about the current state of K-pop, and your impact on it as one of the most integral early artists regarding its global expansion?

BoA: Obviously, it’s a huge honor for me to be even called that, to be considered one of the first to lead this industry, one of the first to start the whole K-pop wave. I actually started when the word “K-pop” didn’t really exist at the time. On top of that, I did stuff in Japan, I promoted in the U.S. And it wasn’t easy because I was kind of the first one to lead the way. I think it’s just a huge honor that I get recognized in that way, and that I’ve come this far. K-pop itself as an industry is just getting so much bigger, and is at center stage for worldwide attention and has become a phenomenon of sorts. I just hope that, not just for me but for the industry as a whole, that more great music comes out, that K-pop artists would be able to showcase greater performances and stages, that it will continue to grow in that way.

Herman: Throughout all the ups and downs of your 20 years as an artist, what has motivated you?

BoA: I just really love what I’m doing, I love my music, I love my performances. Yea, that’s my motivation.

Herman: How has your approach to music and performing changed over the years?

BoA: I wouldn’t really say my approach has changed over the years. I think in every moment I stayed true to what I wanted to do in that moment, what kind of music and performances I wanted to do. There was a natural flow in the way I progressed as an artist, and I think that’s just how I approached each state of my career. In particular, since you mentioned performing, my performances and my stage performances are something I take great pride in.

Herman: What is something you wish you could tell 13-year-old BoA today?

BoA: I’ve said this before in other interviews as well, but something I would revisit or tell my younger self is just don’t be too harsh on yourself.

Herman: You mentioned earlier how you thought you were “too young.” Do you feel in retrospect that starting later may have been easier?

BoA: Actually, not really. Because at the time when I debuted, I didn’t think I was that young. But now that I look back, I was really, really young. To be celebrating my 20th debut anniversary in my 30s kind of speaks to itself.

Herman: You’re looking forward to the future already, so how do you feel about being able to look towards a future where you’re still performing in 10, 20, 30, years?

BoA: Actually, I have been compared a lot to Madonna when it comes to the longevity of my career. So when I look to her and see her so active and releasing new music, putting on these amazing performances. I think I can also be doing that at that age too. Because the music industry is changing, I don’t think age is that important. It’s not that crucial.

Herman: 20 years since you began, what do you consider your legacy is as BoA?

BoA: The word ‘legacy’ seems like such a huge word to put on my career but I would just say, part of the legacy that remains as an artist, as BoA, is all of the music that I’ve made. All my albums, all the music videos we’ve created, all my performances.

Herman: Does it feel weird to be considering your legacy at this point, when you’re so young?

Herman: What is something you hope people think about BoA and your music as you move forward in your career?

BoA: I think I want to be known as someone who is just good at what she does, whether it’s singing, performing, dancing. I think I still have so much that I want to do, so much that I want to accomplish. I have so much passion to do that, and I just hope going forward in my career that people will see me as an artist they can continue to expect things from.

This interview was conducted in both English and Korean, with the assistance of a translator, and edited for clarity.Fans of K-pop singer HyunA may have to wait a little longer for her first studio album.

The 28-year-old singer was originally planning to launch her pre-release single, Good Girl, on Wednesday (Aug 26), ahead of her full studio album later this year.

But the release of the single has been put on hold as a result of fainting spells suffered by HyunA, who made her debut with girl group Wonder Girls in 2007. She is also a former member of girl group 4Minute.

On Saturday (Aug 22), her agency P-Nation said: "It is with regret that the release of HyunA's Good Girl has been postponed to a later date, due to her on-going medical condition (vasovagal syncope)."

The agency, which is founded by South Korean singer Psy, added: "At this time, we will focus on providing HyunA with the medical attention she needs and be with her through every step of her recovery process."

Vasovagal syncope is a type of fainting spell caused by a fall in blood pressure because of dehydration or standing for too long.

HyunA, who is known globally for her appearance in the music video for Psy's 2012 worldwide hit Gangnam Style, disclosed last November that she suffered from depression, panic disorders and vasovagal syncope. The revelation came after the deaths of singers Sulli last October and Goo Hara last November.

HyunA released Flower Shower, her first single with P-Nation, last November. She left her long-time label Cube Entertainment after she went public with her rapper boyfriend Dawn, formerly of boyband Pentagon, in 2018. – The Straits Times/Asia News NetworkJakarta, CNBC Indonesia - SM Entertainment (SM) dan JYP Entertainment (JYP) bersama-sama meluncurkan perusahaan konser online, Selasa (4/8/2020).

Keduanya mengumumkan pendirian perusahaan, Beyond LIVE Corporation (BLC), yang mengkhususkan diri dalam konser virtual.

Meski yang pertama bagi JYP, hal ini merupakan yang kedua bagi SM.

Sebelumnya pada bulan April, SM Entertainment bekerja sama dengan Naver dalam menyediakan platform streaming ini.

"Dengan sinergi kemampuan memproduksi konten SM dan teknologi Naver bersama dengan jaringan global dan kreatif JYP, BLC adalah perusahaan yang akan merencanakan dan mengoperasikan konser di Beyond LIVE," tulis Soompi.

Beberapa artis SM telah mengadakan konser di Beyond LIVE.

Beyond LIVE berikutnya akan menjadi konser "World in A Day" untuk TWICE pada 9 Agustus pukul 15.00 waktu Korea.If you feel like your summer style has plateaued, then it’s high time you found some new muses. And where better to look for wardrobe inspiration than the best-dressed women in K-Pop? Some stars are opting for fresh takes on warm-weather dressing, while others are turning to the oldest styling tricks in the book to see them through the last of the summer.

We love the way that Jennie transformed an oversized shirt by belting it at the waist, and how Joy toughened up a pretty dress with chunky sandals. An easy update that’s a must-try. Other members of the gang prove no summer look is complete without an It-bag or thoughtfully chosen accessories.

Get out of your fashion rut ASAP by looking to K-Pop’s most stylish women, you’ll find all the guidance you need to help you sail through a heatwave in style.Victoria Song of f(x) was the one of the first non-Korean leaders of a K-pop group, and is a star in her native China.The burgeoning Korean music scene is no longer solely focused on K-pop. Lately, many Korean artists have gone on to independently release their music, start their own labels, or simply find companies that allow them to express themselves. The formula for success has become much less rigid, and the lines are blurring between those in the underground and mainstream. To better showcase this growth, we talked to one artist and one label founder who are both shifting the industry in their own ways.

SAAY is a former girl group member turned singer and model, whose musical journey is now completely her own. On a Zoom call from her studio, where she’s currently working on new music that is set to be released this year, she speaks about her perspective and approach: “I’m the one who expresses what I want to say with my music…and I don’t care about other people’s views when I create something, there is only my music and myself.” From encouraging her supporters to love themselves, to being vocal about the Black Lives Matter movement, her attitude is a source of inspiration and comfort. When it comes to her diverse fanbase, SAAY describes them as the reason she has found global success. “They are the link between me and the world to me, and the most important bridge I would say. Communication with my fans is as important to me as making music.”

When it comes to the industry at large, SAAY is proud of the fact that it’s evolving at such a fast pace. “Until three years ago, the music scene of our country which we watched from abroad was not that great. But now, if we have a chance, we can collaborate with overseas artists right away. We respect that we are Korean even when we go abroad. They have so many respectful views about Koreans right now. I think all of this has a lot of influence on idols and musicians in a good direction.”

SAAY isn’t signed to a K-pop entertainment company, but rather a subsidiary of an American music corporation, Universal Music Korea. What attracted her to it was her passion and global mindset. “There [have been] a lot of great artists at Universal Music Group, like Ariana Grande and Amy Winehouse, from old to current times, and it’s one of the top three music labels in the world right now.” Beyond joining the ranks of legendary superstars, SAAY elaborates on her decision to join the music company: “ I was certain that I could support my music at such a huge scale, and my dream since I was very young was to sign a contract with Universal Music. I’m doing my music more happily because I achieved that dream.”

With the dancing and high quality performance ability of idol groups, and the melodic sound of the Korean R&B scene, SAAY doesn’t fit in the box of K-pop, but she also isn’t completely underground. This fluidity points to the future and fast-changing present of Korean music. To define her sound, she poetically labels herself as a “horizon.”

“You know, like an existing line that can be seen everywhere around the world? You can feel and see the horizon whenever you want, wherever you are.” As far as the future, SAAY predicts, “I think many fans and listeners all over the world will begin to see Korean music, gradually, on the Billboard charts, if it continues to develop just like now. As art and the music world are becoming more and more united right now, I’m sure it will happen very soon.” For her own personal goals, SAAY shares, “I hope to have my own world tour after this whole pandemic situation.”

“I think many fans and listeners all over the world will begin to see Korean music, gradually, on the Billboard charts.” — SAAY

On the other side of the artistry is the refreshing rise of independent labels and collectives, where artists and creatives have the power over their own work. DPR REM founded his label, Dream Perfect Regime, about five years ago. The process was organic, as he explains, “We all met up through mutual friends in the beginning. Just did normal kid stuff then — eat, play, chill, etc. But as time passed and we started talking amongst each other about various ideas and goals, we all realized we shared a similar passion for entertainment and all things related to it, and that’s really how it started.” He continues, “We had no idea on how to start, or even where to look to, but we trusted each other’s commitment. That’s really all it took. Everything else came through trial and error, to be honest.”

Many fans of the Korean hip hop scene are familiar with DPR, a multi-genre collective with a structure reminiscent of A$AP Mob. Well-known members include director and chief editor DPR Ian, artist DPR Live, producer DPR Cream and the founder REM. Everything done in DPR is a team effort, and REM describes this as the core of the collective. “All the employees here at DPR, from our members, to our ideas, to our projects (music, visuals, fashion, etc.) — it’s all done by us, the team. I say this time and time again, but we really pride ourselves on the fact that we don’t have anyone to tell us what to do or how to do it.” There are no set goals for the future of the label, besides having fun and remembering to keep all creative efforts in-house. “That’s what made us who we are, and that’s our DNA that I feel like we have to preserve.”

A huge draw for the work coming from the label is the authenticity and openness. The directors and producers are just as recognizable to fans as the artist. Every member of DPR is just as significant to the process as the next, and this equality extends behind the scenes as well, as REM aims to be “a friend first and foremost” to everyone at DPR, and sometimes gets frustrated with his role as the “business guy.” He explains, “DPR is a family beyond anything else, and I think it’s my job to keep it that way.”

“I say this time and time again, but we really pride ourselves on the fact that we don’t have anyone to tell us what to do or how to do it.” — DPR REM

Unlike bigger corporations that outsource or separate into different departments, with a smaller team, DPR does things differently in its own way. Due to the fast-paced nature of the business, “it’s quite the challenge in always trying to deliver content to our fans and keeping up with the pace of other companies or labels,” according to REM. “However, the way we go about our content, it really isn’t a numbers game…it’s more important putting all of our attention into one thing at a time.” The reason for this approach is simple: “That is the best way to quality-control what gets produced and eventually submitted to the world. I make sure I’m in every step of the process overseeing everything.”

“We didn’t have the slightest clue in creating an entertainment label or what that even entailed, but I think that’s kind of what led to our own unique way of creating our own culture and the way we approach our music and visual aesthetic.” DPR REM and his team of homegrown creatives have surely found their footing despite building from the bottom up.

As SAAY and DPR demonstrate, the expectations and stereotypes that once boxed Korean musicians in are slowly being broken down. It’s possible to be an idol, but it’s also possible to be an artist, and both sides of this equation are increasingly appealing to international audiences. Hopefully, as global music diversifies, where you come from won’t matter as much as the talent and hard work you’re willing to put in.

Ashlee Mitchell is a US-based freelance writer with a focus on Asian and Black pop culture. Her work can be found in Teen Vogue, i-D, Dazed and others. You can connect with Mitchell on her website and Instagram.The Singapore Democratic Party’s (SDP) Bryan Lim Boon Heng has revealed that K-Pop girl bands help him in the grueling work of settling election expenses, in a recent social media post.

Mr Lim is in charge of overseeing the submission of election expense reports to the Elections Department. Revealing that he has been at the task of settling the party’s accounts over the past three weeks, Mr Lim said that the work is so overwhelming that he was not even able to help out with party chief Chee Soon Juan’s recent ‘Chee-sy Mashed Potatoes’ grassroots fundraiser.

He wrote on Facebook, on 2 Aug: “I can’t help out with Dr Chee Soon Juan 徐顺全’s Bukit Batok grassroots fundraiser as I have to focus on settling the Party’s accounts over this precious long weekend.

“Been at it for the past 3 weeks as there has been an overwhelming number of accounting entries. I also have to help our election agents compile the candidates’ election expenses reports for submission to Elections Department in 2 weeks’ time.”

The SDP Central Executive Committee (CEC) member added that he has discovered that K-Pop music helps him when he is dealing with finance, ever since he became party treasurer about four years ago. He wrote: “Ever since I became the Treasurer of the Singapore Democratic Party (SDP) in 2017, I have discovered that hippy Kpop music & boring numbers form an awesome combo.

“I couldn’t have survived the arithmetic without the likes of WJSN_ 우주소녀, 9MUSES, Lovelyz 러블리즈, 레드벨벳 (Red Velvet), fromis_9 (프로미스_9), 이달의 소녀 etc as companions.”

Mr Lim has been a member of the SDP for the past two decades. He first joined the party in 2000, at the age of 24, after buying a party newsletter from late chairman Gandhi Ambalam. He later rose within the party to become the Vice-President of the Young Democrats – the youth wing of the SDP.

Mr Lim became the youngest candidate in the 2001 General Elections when the SDP fielded him as part of a 5-man team to contest in Hong Kah GRC. The SDP team was unsuccessful in their election bid.

Mr Lim did not contest the 2006 and 2011 General Elections but helped the party out behind-the-scenes instead. After the 2011 election, he was appointed as the Head of the Party’s Ground Operations Unit and was elected to the SDP’s CEC.

The father of two returned to electoral politics in the 2015, and contested Marsiling-Yew Tee GRC in the 2015 and 2020 General Elections. The SDP’s four-man team were defeated at the ward by the incumbent on both occasions.The seven-member K-pop group BTS is widely regarded as the most popular boy band in the world. Since their debut in 2013, BTS has broken numerous records in the music industry, most recently earning the title of YouTube’s most-viewed music video premiere with its new single "Dynamite," which hit more than 100 million views in the 24 hours after its release.

But the group's members are not only known for their catchy tunes, swoon-worthy dance moves, and ever-changing hair colors. BTS' philanthropic work has made a difference in raising awareness and funds for many issues around the world, including education development.

Check Your Voter Registration Status With 'Just Vote' Here

Most recently, one of its members, Jimin, donated 100 million won (approximately $84,000 USD) to the Jeonnam Future Education Foundation in South Korea, according to Soompi.

The Jeonnam Office of Education shared the news on Monday, stating that Jimin’s father had delivered the donation on his son’s behalf on July 29, and asked the foundation to use it for students who are financially in need in Jeonnam, the country’s South Jeolla Province.

South Korea has come a long way in expanding education for its citizens, and, as a result, in reducing poverty as well. In 1945, the country’s literacy rate was at 22%, and less than 2% of its population was enrolled in higher education. Today, South Korea is regarded as one of the most educated countries in the world.

But this progress did not come easily. The Korean War in the 1950s was ruinous for the country, and left it as one of the poorest in the world for almost a decade. But the government committed to investing in education, even during this period of economic downfall.

In fact, the country more than doubled its share of the budget for education in 1955, increasing it to 9.4%. And by the end of the 1970s, the share of the budget for education had reached an average of more than 17%.

One of the first policy changes the government made was to make primary education mandatory. This resulted in the country reaching 96% in primary school enrollment by the end of the 1950s.

Another action the government took was establishing a five-year plan to eradicate illiteracy. The goal was to educate citizens who did not get primary education, so that they would be able to read and write at a second-grade level. The literacy rate of those over 12 years old reached 96% by 1958.

Today, South Korea has achieved universal adult literacy and has one of the highest tertiary education rates globally. It is also one of the world’s top global economies with GDP per capita exceeding $30,000, compared to $100 in the early 1960s.

The United Nations has long called for countries to invest in education as a key factor to ending extreme poverty. World poverty could be cut in half if all adults completed secondary education, according to UNESCO.

Often referred to as the great equalizer, education equips people with the skills and resources to advance in the workforce and support their families. This means that investing in education creates a positive feedback loop that leaves the country richer as more people are contributing to the economy.

Although this is Jimin’s first time donating to the South Jeolla Province, it isn’t his first contribution toward education development. In 2019, the 24-year-old musician gave back to his hometown of Busan, donating 100 million won to the Busan Metropolitan Office of Education for student welfare. Earlier this year, he made a donation to his alma mater Busan High School of Arts, where he gifted new desks and chairs to the school’s 1,200 students.

Education has been a core philanthropic area for the group. In 2018, BTS joined the UN in launching Generation Unlimited, a global partnership that aims to expand education, training, and employment opportunities for young people.

BTS also started “Love Myself” in 2017, an anti-violence campaign in partnership with UNICEF that supports young people who have experienced school violence, domestic violence, and sexual assault around the world. The campaign has raised $2.6 billion won (more than $2 million USD) as of November 2019, with proceeds going toward education and support programs to aid violence prevention.

As for the South Korean government, it is continuing to move toward more equal education opportunities. The country currently provides free elementary and middle school education for all, but President Moon Jae-in announced last year that all high school students would also get free education by 2021.Despite the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, the K-pop industry has been seeing a boom this summer with exciting new releases from groups like BLACKPINK and BTS. The latest act to join this summer’s K-pop roster is Refund Expedition, a four-member group comprised of Lee Hyori, Uhm Junghwa, Jessi and Hwasa.

For those unfamiliar with ’90s and ’00s K-pop, Refund Expedition may seem like a group of entirely new musicians just starting their careers in the industry. However, the group actually features some of the biggest names in the industry, including OG icons Junghwa and Hyori. The crew was first proposed by Hyori in an episode of MBC’s Hangout With Yoo, in which the star was participating in a project group dubbed SSAK3 with comedian Yoo Jaeseok and Rain. Responding to a question on whether she would create a girl group with some of the top divas in K-pop following SSAK3, Hyori jokingly mentioned the names of the three other artists and very quickly, her suggestion received much attention amongst fans.

The seemingly random idea became reality with Hyori making a surprise appearance on Jessi’s new single “NUNU NANA (눈누난나).” By mid-August, MBC unveiled a teaser of the new team pictured at a Hong Kong-themed bar in Seoul. Along with the four singers, Jaeseok is set to star as the group’s manager through his latest alter ego Jimmy Yoo. This weekend, the members will be making their first appearance on the show, walking viewers through their journey of creating another hit title of the year.

Hangout With Yoo airs every Saturday on MBC at 6:30 p.m. KST. Read on to learn more about Junghwa, Hyori, Jessi and Hwasa.

Making her debut in 1992 as both an actress and singer, Uhm Junghwa is one of the most influential figures in the Korean entertainment industry to date. Often referred to as the “Korean Madonna,” the musician quickly rose to fame in the late ’90s with iconic tracks such as “Poison (포이즌),” “Rose of Betrayal (배반의 장미)” and “Festival (페스티벌).”

Later in the early ’00s, Junghwa continued to pursue music by dabbling in electronica and won Best Electronic Dance Record at the Korean Music Awards. By the late ’00s, she had collaborated with Big Bang members T.O.P. and G-Dragon for her “D.I.S.C.O.” series. After taking a break in music following her 2017 release The Cloud Dream of the Nine, Junghwa is set to mark another milestone in her discography with Refund Expedition.

Lee Hyori entered the K-pop industry in 1998 as part of one of the first idol groups, Fin.K.L. After becoming one of the most iconic acts in Korean entertainment with hit tracks “To My Boyfriend (내 남자친구에게),” “Eternal Love (영원한 사랑),” “White (화이트)” and more, Fin.K.L.’s members later split with Hyori making a solo debut. The singer once again topped charts in the early ’00s starting with lead single “10 Minutes” and won some of the most prestigious awards in K-pop. Making headlines almost all year long, 2003 was dubbed “The Year of Hyori” for the star’s influence not only in music, but also in TV.

After more than a decade of building her career, Hyori announced that she would be taking a two-year break in 2015, halting all television activities and moving to Jeju Island with her singer-songwriter husband Lee Sangsoon. She slowly resumed her career by hosting a bed and breakfast on reality series Hyori’s Homestay and releasing her new album Black. In May, the star joined Yoo Jaeseok and Rain under her new stage name Linda G to create project group SSAK3. The trio has dominated charts this summer with their single “Beach Again (다시 여기 바닷가).”

While her solo career officially began in 2006, Jessi was originally a vocalist for the hip hop group Uptown. After a five-year hiatus from 2009 to 2014, the artist eventually returned to South Korea, appearing in first season of female rapper competition show Unpretty Rapstar and landing in second place. Following the finale, the star has continued to appear on various television shows and is loved by audiences for her unapologetic personality. Since then, Jessi has released multiple hit tracks including “SSENUNNI (쎈언니)” and her latest, “NUNU NANA (눈누난나).”

The youngest of the group, Hwasa first emerged as a member of Mamamoo in 2014. Boasting strong vocals, she kicked off her solo career last year with “Twit (멍청이),” which topped K-pop charts. Earlier this year, the singer was featured in Dua Lipa‘s remix of “Physical” and sang one of the original soundtracks for K-drama, The King: Eternal Monarch. Hwasa has also been taking TV by storm, with foods that she eats on the show I Live Alone selling out almost immediately. Most recently, the star began a new series titled YeoEunPa with her alter ego Maria, along with model Han Hyejin (Samantha) and comedian Park Narae (Georgina). She has also released her EP, Maria.Next month, BTS will follow up last year’s Bring the Soul: The Movie with Break The Silence: The Movie, with limited screenings starting Sept. 10 and more screenings added in the following weeks. While opening a feature film during a pandemic is a dicey prospect for anyone -- a press release for Break The Silence states, “Event and ticket on-sale dates vary per territory and subject to change based on the status of local cinema re-openings” -- BTS is preceding the release with a new single, “Dynamite,” that’s going to draw a lot of attention upon its Aug. 21 release.

Earlier this year, BTS achieved a new career peak on the Hot 100 chart when “On,” from their Map of the Soul: 7 project, hit No. 4 on the tally. Could “Dynamite” climb even higher? The group has revealed that the single will be sung entirely in English, which very well may persuade U.S. pop radio programmers to consider adding it into rotation. And while the single is not attached to a new BTS album, a scheduled performance at the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards on Aug. 30 could help “Dynamite” ignite in the United States ahead of the group’s latest film release. It’s been less than three months since South Korea quartet Blackpink hopped on a track with an A-list American pop artist, assisting Lady Gaga on her Chromatica cut “Sour Candy,” yet they’re already prepared to unleash another breathlessly anticipated team-up. Earlier this week, Selena Gomez was confirmed as the previously teased feature on the group's next as-yet-untitled single, which will be out on Aug. 28 and included on Blackpink: The Album, due out Oct. 2.

Both “Sour Candy” and “How You Like That,” the lead single from Blackpink: The Album released in June, have peaked at a career-best No. 33 on the Hot 100; the upcoming single will aim even higher, especially considering Gomez’s recent chart success (she scored her first No. 1 last fall with “Lose You to Love Me”) and the fact that the song is arriving five weeks before the group’s most high-profile U.S. album release to date. Blackpink has hinted at achieving a full-on stateside crossover, but if their next track takes off in the right way ahead of a new full-length, they could potentially unlock new levels of U.S. success for a K-pop girl group. 3. SuperM will keep it “100” ahead of a proper album. SuperM -- which features SHINee’s Taemin, NCT 127’s Taeyong and Mark, EXO’s Baekhyun and Kai and WayV’s Lucas and Ten -- made history last October with the release of SuperM - The 1st Mini Album, a seven-track EP that debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart. That feat demonstrated the commercial demand for the K-pop supergroup, and less than a year later, SuperM will return with Super One, a proper debut album due out Sept. 25.

Lead single “100,” which will be released on Friday (Aug. 14), previews the set with a compelling mix of aggressive electronica, hard-nosed rap and sky-high pop hooks, as each member gets a chance to shine and the beat shoves the listener until attention is properly paid. Despite the No. 1 album debut last fall, SuperM has yet to crack the Hot 100 chart -- the absorbing “100” could quickly change that ahead of the group’s first full-length next month.

4. Treasure will be in Rookie of the Year contention. Last week, Treasure -- the 12-member K-pop group from YG Entertainment whose formation dates back multiple years, and whose music has been teased online for months -- finally made its debut with The First Step: Chapter One, a two-song pack that includes the single “Boy.” Based on some early indicators, the delays did not dampen the fervor surrounding the project: the “Boy” music video is approaching 20 million YouTube views since its Aug. 7 release, and the group reaches a new peak at No. 5 on this week’s Social 50 chart.

There's reason for enthusiasm: “Boy” is one of the season’s most purely enjoyable pop tracks, with a springy synth riff serving as its fulcrum and an arresting breakdown in its back half. Meanwhile, “Come to Me” is lower-stakes summer fun that demonstrates the still-evolving group’s stylistic range. Even during a month of multiple high-profile K-pop single releases, don’t shrug off Treasure’s delightful introduction. 5. (G)I-DLE, Kang Daniel and J.Y. Park highlighted the first half of August... Last week, the prolific six-piece (G)I-DLE delved into tropical house with “DUMDi DUMDi,” a call-and-response banger that continued the momentum of the group’s anthemic “I’m The Trend.” If “DUMDi DUMDi” becomes the subject of a successful viral trend -- that hook sounds designed to thrive on TikTok -- the Republic Records-backed group could level up in terms of U.S. recognition.

Meanwhile, Wanna One’s Kang Daniel released Magenta, a wide-ranging six-song project, last week; “Waves,” a rhythmic team-up with Simon Dominic and Jamie, fits snugly into summer electro-pop playlists. And earlier this week, the K-pop icon J.Y. Park returned with “When We Disco,” a retro duet with former Wonder Girls member Sunmi that showcases both of their vocal talents above sparkling synth lines. 6. ...and ITZY and Wonho have new tunes for the second half. The girl group ITZY have had a busy 2020 after breaking through with the hits “Dalla Dalla” and “Icy” last year, and will follow up the March mini-album It’z Me with a six-song release, Not Shy. A choreo-heavy, western-themed music video teaser for the title track was recently unveiled, and the song sounds like a welcome shot of adrenaline. And Wonho, who left the popular boy band Monsta X last October, also has his first solo offering ready to go: a mini-album titled Love Synonym #1: Right For Me. The project will be quickly rolled out ahead of its Sept. 4 release, with a heavily anticipated single, “Losing You,” due out on Friday, and a track list for the project expected to arrive next week.

An interesting wrinkle in one of the more momentous calendar months in recent K-pop history is that it coincides with the Aug. 31 eligibility deadline for the 63rd annual Grammy Awards, set to take place on Jan. 31, 2021. While K-pop has developed a greater presence in U.S. pop culture in recent years, the genre has thus far been shut out of the major Grammy categories; BTS performed at last year’s ceremony as part of Lil Nas X’s “Old Town Road” remix spectacle, for instance, but the best-selling group has yet to notch a single nomination. If “Dynamite” becomes one of the biggest U.S. hits for BTS, the group could choose to submit the song for Grammy consideration instead of one of its Map of the Soul: 7 tracks; ditto Blackpink with its new single alongside Gomez, particularly if it surpasses “How You Like That” in popularity. And while SuperM, like BTS, already a Billboard 200-topping project during the current eligibility period, the success of new single “100” could bolster its chances of being nominated. Could a K-pop act score a best new artist nomination, or have one of their singles land in the record of the year or song of the year category? It hasn’t happened thus far, but with a slew of major releases right before the deadline, K-pop could be striding into uncharted territory come awards season.'Meant to be' is a fitting phrase to describe Yukika’s journey as a K-pop artiste.

A Japanese singer who released her debut album, Soul Lady, in South Korea recently, Yukika took her first step into the entertainment industry in middle school as a model and actress in Japan.

Upon entering university, she took a hiatus to focus on her studies. Three years later, she appeared on TV again, but this time in the Korean show The Idolmaster KR, and later as a member of its tie-in Korean idol group Real Girls Project.

“I first came to Korea for a field trip in high school. On my way home, I was looking through the plane window and got this feeling that I’d come back again, ” she said.

“After that, I went to Korea several times more for travel, but had forgotten about it. Then in my senior year of college, when I started thinking seriously about what career path to take, I saw the announcement for The Idolmaster KR. On my flight to the audition, I had an ‘aha’ moment, recalling the feeling I had in high school.”



 



Yukika had no prior experience in singing or dancing when many other participants had already undergone years of training. But she chose to enjoy the ride and simply do her best – she ended up being chosen as one of the final members.

“I must’ve worked really hard at that time because I feel comfortable saying I worked hard. I didn’t know if I could actually make it, but I didn’t give up.”

Afterward, she went on a few other Korean TV shows and got in touch with the CEO of Estimate Entertainment, her current label. They connected over their mutual love for ’80s city-pop – a genre she was exposed to through her mom and sisters – and decided to work together.

“I had some fears about going solo, especially as a foreigner because back then I still had some trouble speaking Korean naturally. But now, though I go on stage on my own, I view Yukika to be not just one person but a whole team. It’s a project that everyone in my company works on together.”

By the time she made her official solo debut with the digital single Neon in February last year, she had become so used to the K-pop scene that she had a difficult time at her Japanese showcase.

“It was so awkward to sing in Korean but speak in Japanese between performances, ” she said. “I didn’t know what phrases or expressions to use. Later that night, I searched my name on social media and read comments saying how strange I sound in Japanese.”

She couldn’t imagine singing in Japanese either, at least in the near future. “I learned how to sing in Korea and have gotten accustomed to the vocals that Korean composers prefer, ” she said.

“If I sing in Japanese now, I think I’ll even sound more like a foreigner than I do in Korean because of my rhythms and how I sing or use my tongue.”

Looking ahead, Yukika hopes to continue the ’80s city-pop genre, but attempt styles from different cultures and countries, like Michael Jackson from the US. She also wants to try rapping more, something she experimented with on her recent debut album, and received unexpected compliments from her label.

“I’ve been saying this since middle school: The day I feel satisfied with my acting or singing, I’m going to quit my job, ” she said laughing.

“But that day won’t come. I can never be satisfied. If I do, it means there’s no room for growth. I’m going to sing and act all my life, always aiming to be better.” – The Korea Herald/Asia News Network“Do not even come to my funeral even if I die,” Mina, a former of K-pop girl group AOA, wrote on an Instagram post showing an injured wrist.Millions of people around the world have become fans of K-Pop. Along with this comes fans having their favorite bias, or in simpler terms, their favorite K-Pop idol. In South Korea, K-Pop Idols are a level of fame equivalent to famous actors, maybe more so.

They have adoring fans who shower them in small or luxurious gifts, sell hundreds of merchandise, tweet endlessly online and sell out their K-Pop group concerts. What many may not know is that some of these popular idols aren't originally born in South Korea. Let's take a look at which idols made the move to Korea to become K-Pop sensations.

For those unaware of who Joshua from SEVENTEEN is, he's a vocalist for the popular K-Pop group. Joshua is originally from Los Angeles, California. Both of his parents are Korean, making him Korean-American.

In 2013, he joined Pledis Entertainment to begin his training as an idol. Joshua trained for a total of two years before making his debut with his band members. Due to being born in the states, Joshua can speak Korean but admits to not being so good at writing it.

Jessi is a jack of all trades. She is a K-Pop rapper, singer, and songwriter. She is an idol known for not originally being from Korea, due to her difficulty speaking the language at times. This is due to the fact that Jessi was originally born in New York and raised in New Jersey.

She made the brave decision to venture on her own to Korea at the age of 15 to pursue her career. She was soon signed to an agency. Her career in the entertainment business wasn't easy and once took a hiatus due inability to accustom to South Korean culture. Jessi is now taking the industry by storm and is often seen on variety shows.

Aron is the only member of the urban electro band, Nu'est, to not originally be from South Korea. Aaron is a California native who had a different career path in mind. He was already set to attend college at NYU in the journalism department.

The hunt for a new idol reached California and Aaron decided to pursue his singing career. In 2011, he auditioned for “Pledis USA Personal Auditions” and was accepted. He then debuted in 2012 as a singer and rapper alongside his Nu'est members. Aaron didn't know how to speak Korean and learned within a year.

California has developed a number of K-Pop idols. One of them being BM, or "Big Matthew," from the co-ed group K.A.R.D. Matthew Kim hails from sunny California and attended college as a psychology major.

RELATED: 10 Male K-Pop Idols With The Most Impressive Physiques

At the time, singing, rapping, & dancing were only his hobbies. His mother saw him perform with his college dance team and signed him up for “Kpop Star." BM traveled to Korea and passed all rounds. He was a trainee for four years before debuting with K.A.R.D. in 2017.

The popular girl group TWICE is made up of nine members in total. Three of these members aren't from South Korea. Momo Hirai is actually from Kyōtanabe, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. She as well as Mina and Sana are from Japan.

In 2013, Momo was scouted by JYP Entertainment in an online video with her sister. Momo went on to become a trainee and appeared in multiple music videos during that time. She then made her debut with the group in 2015.

Amber Liu has made a name for herself in the K-Pop industry. She too was born in California. She is Taiwanese-American and moved to Korea after being cast in SM Entertainment's Los Angeles global audition in 2008. A year later of being a trainee, she became part of the girl group f(x).

In 2015, Liu debuted her solo career with her EP Beautiful. She has since gained international fans and has appeared in many variety shows and collaborated with famous artists.

GOT7 is a name many have heard in regards to K-Pop. Thousands of fans shriek over their favorite member. The group's main rapper and a vocalist, Mark isn't originally from Korea.

He too is a native to California but also lived in Brazil and Paraguay for a couple of years. His family is of Taiwanese descent. He used to be able to speak Portuguese but has forgotten over the years and can understand Mandarin. In 2010, he was scouted by JYP Entertainment while in high school. He dropped out and moved to Korea in 2010. He debuted with GOT7 in 2014 and now also has a solo career.

Jackson Wang is another GOT7 member who isn't from South Korea. He has recently made headway on his own, even appearing in Vogue YouTube videos. He's risen the ranks in popularity outside of Korea.

RELATED: 10 K-Pop Artists To Listen To If You Love BTS

Wang was born and raised in Hong Kong. He even ranked 11th as a fencer in the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics. He was invited to audition by JYP Entertainment and passed. He let go of fencing and moved to Korea in 2011. He debuted with GOT7 after two and a half years as a trainee. Wang is now also highly regarded as a solo rapper and artist in Korea and China.

Blackpink is the number one girl group in both South Korea and the world. The group has topped international charts and broken YouTube records. One of the four members, Rosé originally hails from New Zealand. She was raised by South Korean parents and when Rosé was seven, the family relocated to Australia.

She auditioned in 2o12 with YG Entertainment and two months later signed with the label. Rosé was a trainee for four years before being announced as the final member to join Blackpink. She will also have a solo career in September 2020.

Lisa is quite the powerhouse when it comes to K-Pop idols and is highly regarded in the industry along with Blackpink. She is the group's main rapper and dance, as well as a singer. Lisa or Lalisa Manoban was originally born in Buriram, Thailand.

Her mother is Taiwanese while her step-father is of Swiss origin. She grew up loving dance and competed in many competitions. In 2010, she auditioned for a spot with YG Entertainment. Out of 4,000 participants, she was the only one to pass. She then took on modeling as well. In 2016, she debuted with Blackpink as the first non-Korean to debut with the agency. Lisa is a K-Pop star when it comes to the entertainment industry.

NEXT: 10 Celebrities You Didn't Know Were Also AuthorsWith the recent explosion of K-Pop in the Billboard Hot 100, U.S. audiences are finally seeing the mainstream success of Asian artists. The international success of Korean pop music is something to celebrate. However, there are tons of incredible musicians from Asia who deserve just as much attention.

RELATED: Here's What You Need To Know About The World's Favorite Kpop Group, BTS

They're famous in their home countries, but we would love to see more support from around the globe. There are far too many talented individuals to include on the list. We've limited entries to one artist per country/region. Not every nation could be represented, but we hope this list can serve as a jumping-off point for your musical exploration. In no particular order, here are 10 Asian Musicians that deserve just as much attention as K-Pop Idols.

Wee Meng Chee known by the stage name of Namewee is a Malaysian rapper and hip-hop artist from Johor. He's incredibly controversial in his home country, known for political activism through his music. He describes many of his songs as satirical social commentary. Namewee has been arrested twice - once in 2016 for his video for Oh My God and once in 2018 for his music video for Like a Dog.

However, he has found a lot of success outside of Malaysia (specifically in Taiwan, where he went to university). His albums Cross Over Asia and All Eat Asia see him collaborating with superstars from all over the region - including such big names as Wang Leehom, G.E.M, Ho Quang Hieu, and Meu Ninomiya.

The members of World Order come off as a hyperbolic depiction of Japanese officer workers - and this is entirely intentional. Founder Genki Sudo wanted to satirize the Hollywood perception of Japanese people. Their dances are robotic, synchronous, and perfectly times with electro-pop.

Despite the serious expressions, suits, and glasses, World Order is a fun-loving group. They dance in public and bring smiles to onlookers - all while attempting to prompt introspection about politics. With titles like Imperialism, Informal Empire, and Last Dance, it's clear the group has a message to spread.

39-year old Lin Junjie has seen smashing success since his 2003 debut. Singing in Mandarin, English, Hokkien, and Cantonese - Lin has won a lot of awards. He's the recipient of the Golden Melody Award for Best New Artist, The Singapore Hit Awards for Best Local Male Singer, Best Singer-Songwriter, Best Local Composition, and Best Performing Male Singer, among many others through 2018.

His success is well-deserved. Not only does he perform in multiple different languages and writes his own songs - he plays piano, guitar, harmonica, and the drums. He is both hardworking and talented.

Nguyen Thanh Tung is known as the Prince of V-Pop due to his overwhelming popularity in Vietnam. His career launched back in 2012 when he was only 18 years old. Before the success of Blackpink's Kill This Love and later BTS's Boy With Luv, Son Tung M-TP held the Asian record for the most Youtube views in 24 hours with his song Run Now.

RELATED: Here's Why The Future Looks Bright For BTS

In 2018, he unseated the K-Pop giant BTS's DNA by receiving 1.9 million more views on its first day. He's handsome with a smooth voice and fun videos, what's not to love?

Anyone who knows anything about Mandopop knows Jay Chou. The Taiwanese singer is an absolute legend in the industry. He's one of the best-selling artists of all time in China - having sold tens of millions of albums. His 14 studio albums are incredibly diverse with stellar rap, rock, hip hop, and pop tracks.

If you haven't heard his music, you may recognize him from the movies The Green Hornet or Now You See Me 2. Not only has he starred alongside Seth Rogen playing Kato, but Rogan also featured his song Cowboy on The Run in his 2014 film The Interview.

Born in Manila, Regine became known for her incredible singing voice after winning 1984 Ang Bagong Kampeon and the Asia Pacific Singing Contest in 1989. Although she has recently transitioned her career towards reality television, she is still the best selling Filipino artist of all time - selling more than 7 million albums in the Philippines and 1.5 million more around Asia.

Fatin Shidqia Lubis rose to fame after winning the first season of The X Factor in Indonesia when she was only 16 years old. After being signed to Sony Music Entertainment, she released her debut album For You, which charted #1 on iTunes Indonesia.

Her album won 5 AMI Awards. Her last single was released in 2017, and we hope to see more of her soon.

The Cantopop scene is huge. Artists from the genre could make up several lists so it was difficult to narrow it down to one. Although Cantopop was arguably at its biggest in the 90s, we wanted to focus on a more modern artist. Eason Chan is considered by many to be Jacky Cheung's successor as the "God of Songs."

RELATED: Most Loved 90s Looks Worn By Celebs

That is incredibly high praise. Jacky Cheung is considered to be the best of the Four Heavenly Kings of Cantopop and the first singer without Taiwanese citizenship to win the Golden Melody Awards. Eason Chan was second (and also the only singer to win both Best Male Singer and Best Album of the Year in the same year). He had big shoes to fill starting his career in 1996, but he has forged his way in the industry.

Lang Lang is the classical pianist prodigy who won his first competition at the age of 5 and was admitted into the Beijing Central Conservatory of Music at only 12 years old. He went on to continue studying Piano at the Curtis Institute of Music in Pennsylvania when he was 15 years old.

The man has been breaking boundaries everywhere he goes. He was the first Chinese pianist to play for the Berlin Philharmonic, the Vienna Philharmonic, and many American orchestras. His performances garnered many awards and commercial success.

Born in Tamil Nadu's capital city of Chennai, Allahrakka Rahman was born into music. His father composed scores for Tamil films and his son would often help him in the studio. Like Lang Lang, Rahman was a prodigy.

He played in M.K. Arjunan's orchestra when he was 11 years old. If you're unsure of who he is, he's one of the brilliant minds behind the soundtrack for Slumdog Millionaire - for which he and Resul Pookutty won three Oscars.

NEXT: Ranking The Most Overrated Films To Ever Win An OscarTaking the Hallyu celebration online, the Korean Cultural Center in the Philippines and the Philippine K-Pop Convention Inc. have teamed up to give all Korean culture enthusiasts the VIP seats on the recently concluded “Happy Hallyu Day 4: A Virtual Party” right in the comfort of their own homes.

Hosted by the rising Korean MC in the Philippines, Kyungmin Kim, the said online event is in partnership not only with KCC, but also with the Korea Foundation for International Culture Exchange (KOFICE), Hallyu Com-On, and Korean government’s Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism.

Even though the fourth installment of the annual free event goes online this year for everyone’s safety amid the pandemic, it still continued to feature everything Hallyu or the Korean Wave.

Two Saturdays were dedicated just for pure K-Wave entertainment as “Happy Hallyu Day 4” happened last August 22 and 29 via Facebook Live on Philippine K-Pop Convention Inc.’s page.

Hot K-Pop performances, K-Talks, fun interviews, games and prizes were offered during the event, as well as appearances of these distinguished personalities online and on television.

Admired in the local Kpop community, Venisse Siy and Mykee Li prepared a soulful medley while the De Guzman Brothers gave their mix of KHiphop and KPop performances.

Appearing in Korean dramas and films like “Romantic Doctor 2,” “My Little Hero,” and “Missing; the Filipina personality,” Cherish Unni, shared her experiences as an actress in Korea.

Slated to debut soon, a five-member boy group and an eight-member girl group, or collectively known as the Star Hunt Academy Trainees showcased their talents in singing, rapping and dancing in the K-community.

A Koreanophile for 17 years, Kring Kim talked about how being a Hallyu fan has helped her as an on-cam talent, content creator and director.

Kpop Dance Diva, Dasuri Choi, performed her powerful moves and a quick Kpop dance tutorial while ABS-CBN’s “I Love OPM Grand Champion” and ‘Oppa Heartthrob’ Yohan King serenaded everyone with his charms.

“Pinoy Big Brother” housemates Kawaii-daughter, Kaori Oinuma, and the Konnichi-Wonder Vlogger, Fumiya Sankai are joined to spazz with their co-EXO-Ls and co-ONCEs respectively.Debuting is a big deal for trainees who spend their teenage years working hard to get to that moment of being revealed to the K-pop scene and shine as a rookie group. Yet, some of them find themselves debuting once again under different groups for many reasons.

Here are some idols who redebuted with new groups under different circumstances and experimented with various concepts and sounds.

Originally debuting as MINX in 2014, the five members changed both their group name and concept three years later as they were joined by two new members, Handong and Gahyeon. Needless to say that this switch was a very successful move since DreamCatcher has become one of the leading K-pop groups who incorporate the rock genre in their music.

The Ark was one of the few hip hop-infused girl groups that made an impression in the music industry. Unfortunately, they disbanded in 2016 after only being active for a year. The Ark members Minju and Euna resurfaced in 2018 as a duo with their single “I’m Your Girl?” which was quite a hit, but they ended up parting ways in 2020.

To many, Mino is known for debuting as a WINNER member following his participation in Mnet’s “WIN: Who Is Next.” Actually, Mino debuted as a rapper in the ballad boy band BoM back in 2011, which only lasted a couple of years before he auditioned for YG Entertainment and launched his career as a member of a group and duo (with Bobby) as well as a soloist.

Jeon Somin has had her fair share of debuts. She kickstarted her career in 2012 as a member of Japanese girl group Puretty, which disbanded two years later. She then was part of APRIL as the leader in 2015, but left the group three months later. Finally, Somin finally found her best fit as a member of co-ed group KARD in 2016.

Chaekyung is another ex-Puretty member who has been part of other girl groups, namely the project-based group C.I.V.A from “The God of Music 2” and “Produce 101” fan-motivated group I.B.I, before eventually settling down as an APRIL member. The interesting part is that Chaekyung joined all three groups during the same year, 2016.

Being trainees at JYP Entertainment for a long time, JB and Jinyoung formed a duo in 2012 called JJ Project and debuted with their single “Bounce.” They joined GOT7 two years later and solely focused on group activities. Then in 2017, the pair made a comeback with their first mini album “Verse 2.”

7. EXO’s Baekhyun and Kai, SHINee’s Taemin, and NCT’s Taeyong and Mark, WayV’s Ten and Lucas

Four boy groups, seven members: this SM Entertainment K-pop bomb named SuperM has served looks and hyped crowds. This concept is definitely unprecedented since this is not only a collaboration between groups, but a distinct group that debuted with a proper discography and promotion that took place both domestically and internationally, all while the members remained part of their original groups.

Sohyun was barely a teenager when she debuted for the first time as a member of a girl group called Orange in 2005. Four years later, she joined 4Minute and was their maknae until she left Cube Entertainment in 2016 following her contract expiration.

Solji’s story is quite interesting. She started her music career as a member of the ballad duo 2NB for four years since 2006, and then she worked as a EXID’s vocal trainer before she eventually joined the debut lineup in 2012.

This feature wouldn’t be complete without HyunA. She made her original debut as the main rapper of Wonder Girls in 2007 before she left the group due to health issues. She later debuted a second time under 4Minute in 2009, and while maintaining her position in the group, she formed a co-ed duo called Trouble Maker with Jang Hyunseung. In 2016, 4Minute disbanded, and HyunA focused on her solo career for a while. In 2017, she redebuted for the fourth time as part of a three-member sub-unit, Triple H, which eventually came to an end as well in 2018.

Another former C.I.V.A and I.B.I member is Kim So Hee. Following her departure, she launched her solo career in 2017, then went into hiatus. Two years later, Kim So Hee changed agencies and joined girl group NATURE. Recently, the group made a comeback with their title track “Girls.”

This time, not only one idol had a new start following their departure, but literally the entire group started anew. Having debuted in 2017 and disbanded two years later, the members of GOOD DAY went their own ways. Jeewon, Chaesol, Sunn, Belle, and Ye Ah redebuted through cignature, whereas ChaeA, Green, Ari, and Bomin redebuted through Redsquare. As for Heejin, she joined Solcire, a producing crew.

These three idols have all stepped into the spotlight via the “Produce 101” reality show series, and they’re all joining forces as OUI Entertainment’s upcoming boy group WEi. Kim Dong Han is a former member of the project group JBJ, and Jang Dae Hyeon used to be part of the project boy group RAINZ. As for Kim Yo Han, he was the center of X1 before its disbandment.

Mnet’s famous survival show series “Produce 101” allowed many group members to either make their first debut before debuting under their own agencies or to redebut under the show’s respective girl and boy groups.

After I.O.I, the members are now known as solo artists Chungha and Somi, actress Kim So Hye, gugudan’s Kim Sejeong and Mina, DIA’s Jung Chaeyeon, WJSN’s Yeonjung, Weki Meki’s Choi Yoojung and Kim Doyeon, and former PRISTIN members Kyulkyung and Nayoung.

Wanna One included members HOTSHOT’s Ha Sung Woon, NU’EST’s Minhyun, AB6IX’s Park Woo Jin and Lee Dae Hwi, CIX’s Bae Jin Young, and now soloists Kang Daniel, Park Ji Hoon, Kim Jae Hwan, Ong Seong Wu, and Yoon Ji Sung. Lai Kuanlin redebuted as the duo Wooseok X Kuanlin with PENTAGON’s Wooseok.

Finally, X1 welcomed UP10TION’s Kim Woo Seok, VICTON’s Han Seung Woo, and UNIQ’s Cho Seung Youn as well as Hyeongjun and Minhee who later debuted with CRAVITY. Lee Han Gyul and Nam Do Hyon joined forces as duo H&D. Prior to X1 and H&D, Lee Han Gyul used to be in a group called IM.

Did you know about all of these idols’ former groups? Who did we miss? Let us know in the comments below!SEOUL (Reuters) - Big Hit Entertainment, the management label of South Korean K-Pop group BTS, has received preliminary approval for its planned initial public offering, the Korea Exchange said on Friday.

Big Hit filed for a review of its IPO plans in May.For some time now, K-pop has been gaining ground in the U.S., and it seems like every year there is at least one new name that breaks out and scores a huge win on the Billboard charts. Now, three of the most successful acts from South Korea here in the States, BTS, Blackpink and SuperM, have all announced new music is coming this month.

If just one of these names dropped a massive single, that would be enough to make August an important period when looking at K-pop stars in the U.S., but with all three sharing tunes back-to-back-to-back, it’s possible this month may go down as one of the most important ever in the genre.

After scoring a surprise No. 1 album last year with their debut self-titled EP, South Korean super group SuperM recently announced their comeback, and it’s starting sooner than many fans were expecting. The band’s new single “100” is expected on Friday, August 14, and those who love the relatively new outfit won’t have to wait long to hear more from their upcoming full-length Super One, which itself is going to be released on September 25. Second single “Tiger Inside” will be shared on September 1, just outside of this very packed August.

BTS is officially kicking off the next era of their careers with a new single titled “Dynamite,” which is slated to be released on Friday, August 21. The song, their first to be performed entirely in English, is already being hyped as perhaps their biggest hit yet, and it’s clear that the teams behind the group are aiming for a No. 1 start on the Hot 100.

The band recently revealed a packed promotional schedule for the month of August, including the release of “Dynamite,” its accompanying music video, several high-profile interviews and even a world premiere performance of the cut at the MTV Video Music Awards.

It’s not yet clear when a second single or even the full-length may be available, but all BTS needs to make August a massive month is one big hit, which is all but assured.

The biggest girl group in the K-pop space is also tracking toward a major release with their debut full-length Blackpink: The Album, though that’s not coming until early October. Just one week after BTS drops “Dynamite,” Blackpink is returning with a new single, though details about the tune (other than it’s release date, which has been revealed as Friday, August 28) are scarce.

So far, the quartet hasn’t shared the title of the song, nor the name of the high-profile feature, which they have been teasing for some time. While it isn’t coming until just a few days before August wraps, Blackpink’s new single will surely be a major release, and it could easily become their highest-charting smash yet in America.Ten months after departing the K-pop group Monsta X amid a flurry of controversy, Wonho is finally ready to tell his story, with the release of his debut solo single, “Losing You.”

Released Friday, the highly-anticipated track is the 27-year-old’s big comeback after parting ways with Monsta X last October amid accusations of improper behavior and alleged marijuana use prior to his time with the group (cannabis is still illegal in Korea, and in most parts of Asia). The singer was officially cleared of all charges in March, and announced new management and a solo deal just a few weeks later.

“Losing You” officially kicks off Wonho’s new era, and arrives as K-pop continues to demonstrate its influence on these shores as well. Performed entirely in English, the sweeping, piano-driven ballad showcases Wonho’s delicate falsetto, as he sings about protecting a cherished love despite all costs. “Baby I would go to war for you / Build an army if you need me to / Cause losing me is better than losing you.”

The singer co-wrote the track with a team of A-list songwriters, including Corey Sanders and Jon Mcguire (Callum Scott “You Are the Reason”) and Neil Ormandy, who co-wrote James Arthur’s worldwide hit, “Say You Won’t Let Go.” British songwriter and producer, Nick Gale, better known as Digital Farm Animals, helmed the production for the song, a seductive, R&B slow-burner that’s sure to tug at listeners’ heartstrings with its swelling chorus and some of the most personal lyrics Wonho has written to date.

While the song is undeniably a love song, the singer says it was also inspired by his fans, who never left his side after his well-publicized departure from the group. “This is a love song, but also I would say it is [about] the love and appreciation I have for my fans as well,” he tells Rolling Stone. “I’m here today because of them, and the thought of losing them was the hardest thing I could think of.”

“For me,” he continues, “‘Losing You’ is about the connection between people, and the selflessness of loving someone so much that you’ll become one with them and they become even more important to you than yourself.”

“Losing You” is the first single from Wonho’s upcoming mini album, Part. 1 Love Synonym #1: Right for Me, due out September 4th. The singer says to expect a mix of uptempo tracks and ballads from the album, citing artists like the Korean singer and actor Rain, and Usher, as artists he respects. Expect to see Wonho take on a continued role in songwriting and production as well. “I chose my favorite styles and incorporated both languages, Korean and English, in one EP,” he explains. “I feel like this EP is reflecting my own colors and sending my personal message out there to my fans.”

Wonho says he began working on his solo project six months ago and was eager to finally put out new music for the fans. “I wanted to share with my fans the feeling and sentiment of what I was going through,” he says, of his time away from the spotlight. “I want to deliver a message that I’m here for them, like they’ve been here for me. Together, we can overcome anything.”

It’s a message that seemingly mirrors his own struggles over the past year, a year that Wonho says he’s learned “many lessons” from. The main lesson: “Even if it’s dark, the light will come soon,” he says. “All you need to do is keep going.”It is believed that astrology tells a lot about your personality. It could be true for these K-pop idols who fit the description of their zodiac signs.

Do you love K-pop? If yes, then you must love all the idols taking over the world right now. From the biggest boy band on the planet, BTS to the multi-talented Twice, South Korean entertainment industry is blessed with some of the most talented people on the planet. Not only are these idols super-talented but they have great personalities as well.

Considering what the celebrities have shown us over the years that tell us a little more about their personality, we bring to you a list of K-pop idols who match their zodiac signs. Every zodiac sign has some personality traits, and some people perfectly fit that description, which is also true for the celebrities who made the list.

With that said, here are the K-pop idols who fit the descriptions of their zodiac signs.

Aries-borns are always the one taking the initiative, full of passion and determined. Ruled by Mars, the planet of war and energy, people born under this sign has a lot of energy and outward passion. But they can be very loving too. One idol that perfectly matches this description is none other than GOT 7’s Jackson Wang. Is there someone in K-pop who is more energetic in life than this guy?

A Taurus can be defined as someone with a loyal, easy-going personality but a fighter for his goals with great work ethics. Taureans are known to be down to earth, and choosy when it comes to friends. They can also be stubborn sometimes. Baekhyun from EXO is a perfect match for his sign.

Geminis are playful and intellectual, social butterflies and quick-witted. Born on June 14, Tzuyu from Twice is the closest to being similar to this sign. The Twice member is definitely very intellectual with impressive learning skills when it comes to languages. And she is known for being savage as well.

Cancer borns are loyal and honest. They are also known to have a fun attitude when they are with the people they like. They also know how to make others feel comfortable around them. They tend to be blunt sometimes, but that doesn’t take away their emotional side – this couldn’t be more true for Kim Heechul.

People born under this sign are very enthusiastic, passionate and generous. They are also very confident chaps who loves attention. Leo individuals are considered good leaders who inspire others. Ahn Hye Jin, popularly known as Hwasa has managed to show her bold and strong presence in live performances and variety shows. She never tries to hide her assertive side either, which we love.

Virgos are perfectionists who have the ability to make their dreams come true. They are also great friends who are extremely supportive. They tend to be book and street smart, which is definitely true for the leader of the group BTS. Namjoon is known for speaking his mind through his lyrics which are both sensible and touching.

Libras are easy-going, sincere and known for their fair-mindedness, which is true for Monsta X’s member, Joohoney. From his natural aegyo to him being scared at times to intimidating at others, Joohoney’s personality screams that he is a true-blue Libra.

Known for being passionate, fearless and committed, Scorpios might come stand-offish but they have a lovable personality. Krystal from f(X) has all these traits and more. She may have a cool appearance but is very adorable and nice to everyone she loves.

Playfulness, free-spirited, humorous and optimistic are some of the words that describe a Sagittarius. They are known for their quirkiness and being generous. There wouldn’t be a better sign to describe BTS’s Jin as he is known for his dad jokes and always trying to lighten the mood.

Sagis are also known for being clumsy, which is true for SHINee’s Onew who has been nicknamed “Onew Condition” because he crashes into random things and keeps tripping over.

EXID's Solji is the perfect example of a Capricorn as she is very disciplined and known for being the responsible leader that she is. She hid her illness to protect her members and give them the support they needed. She is very humble and realistic, some of the other traits of a Capricorn.

Aquarians are spontaneous and confident, but surprisingly they take their time to open up to their surroundings and once they do, they are a delight to hang out with. They are easy-going, kind but tend to flow with their own rhythm, which fittingly crowns Blackpink’s Rosé’s personality.

This water sign is known for being charming, compassionate, gentle and intuitive, which is true for Girls’ Generation’s Taeyeon. Not only does she embody all these traits, but she also has incredible story-telling skills. She can also be dorky at times, which makes her more admirable.

ALSO READ: 5 Best hobbies for the people of Libra zodiac sign

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueTRIBUNNEWS.COM - Penampilan adalah hal yang penting bagi idol Kpop.

Tidak heran jika sebuah grup Kpop akan memiliki sejumlah makeup artis dan juga stylist.

Para makeup artis dan stylist tersebut bekerja sangat dekat dengan idol Kpop.

Mereka bahkan memiliki julukan 'coordi noona' atau kakak stylist.

Keberadaan mereka sering terlihat ketika sibuk membuat penampilan para idol Kpop menjadi cantik dan tampan.
• 7 Idol Kpop yang Ternyata Tidak Merokok, Ada yang karena Telah Berjanji dengan Sahabat Saat Remaja
• Tampak Ceria & Sehat di Instagram, Keluarga Enggan Ungkap Penyebab Idol Kpop Yohan TST Meninggal

Karena sangat dekat dengan idol Kpop, keberadaan mereka pun membuat iri para fans.

Pasalnya, mereka tampak sangat dekat dan terbiasa 'pegang-pegang' para idol Kpop.

Namun, fakta tak terduga justru diungkap para makeup artis dan stylist tersebut.

Dikutip dari Koreaboo, sejumlah makeup artis dan stylist buka suara di acara AYO‘s Comment Defenders.Korean artist Seori has had an exciting year with her meteoric rise since the release of her debut EP, which garnered critical acclaim.

The 25-year-old singer, with her stunning voice and a passion for storytelling, is a rising star in South Korea’s globally recognised K-pop movement. And with the likes of boy band BTS smashing global records and becoming a household name, South Korea’s vibrant music scene is helping up and coming artists breakthrough on the international stage.

Seori has been nicknamed at home as the “Korean Billie Eilish” and gets her inspiration from the likes of Coldplay and G-Dragon – writing and composing tracks herself. In May, she debuted her first EP, along with the release of her first official music video ‘Running Through the Night’, a captivating performance with the artist crossing a barren and beautiful landscape to tell an emotional, heartfelt narrative.

The production for the video captures a beautiful rendition of the night, the moon and the stars as they glow over the horizon. Making her way through this landscape, Seori performs her powerful song and leads audiences on a magical journey of reflection.

Contrasting acoustic and electronic sounds, her debut album sets the tone for listeners to escape from a difficult reality where they go on a journey of discovery and exploration.

Prior to the launch of her first EP back in May, the artist created cover songs of her favourite artists on her YouTube channel, and in just several months managed to attain nearly 150,000 subscribers. Thanks to her supportive community, her first official music video for ‘Running Through the Night’ has passed 3 million views – an impressive feat for an independent artist.

And with her plans to perform internationally in the future with the release of her latest songs through music label ATISPAUS, Seori is seeking to tell her story to audiences in the UK and further afield. This also coincides with the launch of a novel tied to her music, with new chapters being revealed over the coming months.

Are you a fan of K-pop? Discover Seori’s latest tracks on Soundcloud, Apple Music and Spotify, and follow her updates on Instagram and Twitter. You can also subscribe to her YouTube channel and explore her official website to discover more about her music.BTS member Jungkook was the most searched K-pop idol worldwide on Google in the first half of 2020 followed by V and Jimin. All the members of BTS found a spot in the Top 10.

2020 may not have been kind to the globe but if you're a fan of BTS then you've been blessed. Even when the septet was on quarantine mode, they never stopped working and instead churned out more content than we thought possible. In 2020 alone, they've given ARMY two albums with another one on the way, Break The Silence, the Bang Bang Con concert series and the upcoming variety show In the SOOP BTS ver. Oh, did we mention their elaborate celebrations for their seventh anniversary back in June with FESTA?!

Moreover, individually too, each member has been making the headlines for their achievements with their solo songs and as a part of BTS. Hence, it comes as no surprise that all members made it to the Top 10 of Google's Most Searched K-Pop Idols Worldwide (2020 Mid-Year Chart). Via Allkpop, topping the list is none other than Jungkook with a search index of 628.57. Following Kookie are V and Jimin in the second and third position with a search index of 590.91 and 450.00 respectively. Next up, we have Suga who claimed the fourth spot with a search index of 375.00. Breaking the BTS spell is IU who rounded up the Top 5 with a search index of 350.00.

In the sixth position, we have Lisa from BLACKPINK who had a search index of 346.00. Jin placed seventh with a search index of 242.86. A bit behind him is Jennie who took over the eight position with a search index of 206.25. Claiming the ninth and 10th spot were RM and J-Hope with a search index of 203.70 and 166.67 respectively. Jisoo and Rosé were placed 11th and 12th with a search index of 115.00 and 110.81 respectively.

Next up, we have Suzy of Miss A who took over the 13th position with a search index of 106.67. Claiming the 14th and 15th spot were Baekhyun of EXO and G-Dragon of BIGBANG with a search index of 105.56 and 100.00 respectively. Chen of EXO and Heechul of Super Junior placed in the 16th and 17th position with a search index of 100.00 and 99.95 respectively.

Rounding up the Top 20 were Tzuyu of TWICE, Eunwoo of ASTRO and Chayeol of EXO who claimed the 18th, 19th and 20th spot with a search index of 95.83, 93.33 and 90.38 respectively.

ALSO READ: BTS: V shares that he's been taking English online classes; Jungkook REVEALS how he maintains his physique

Meanwhile, speaking of BTS, the septet plans to take over the second half of 2020 as well which starts with the release of a new single titled Dynamite. The upcoming song, which is in English and will have upbeat vibes similar to their previous hits like Mic Drop and Waste It On Me, will drop on August 21. Moreover, there is a packed promotion schedule for Dynamite which will feature many teases. Once the track is released along with Dynamite MV, we'll see BTS participate in various US interviews.

Moreover, BTS will also be blessing VMAs 2020 with a performance of Dynamite. What makes this particular performance special is the fact that it's the first time BTS is performing at the Video Music Awards. Moreover, the septet has been nominated for three awards - Best Pop, Best Choreography and Best K-pop, all for the lead single of Map of the Soul: 7, On. We'll get to see the boys perform when the VMAs 2020 takes place on August 31, 2020.

That's not all! BTS is also working hard on their next album which will be out in the coming few months. If Jin's accidental spoiler is anything to go by, the untitled album will be dropping in October. One thing's for sure; it will be BTS' most personal work yet. Not only are they responsible for the producing part of the songs, but the members have also taken part in the other key responsibilities like album jacket cover, which was revealed to have been recently shot.

Then there's In the Soop BTS ver. which premieres on JTBC in South Korea from August 19 and will see the members go on a healing trip. The new variety show will see BTS at their calmest as they enjoy outdoor activities like fishing and practising yoga.

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueK/DA, the fictional League of Legends K-pop group, is planning a comeback on Aug. 27, according to a tweet from the official Twitter account.

The Twitter account has posted a single image of the K/DA logo, along with a date, saying that K/DA is having a comeback at 3 p.m. ET on Aug. 27. Specifically, it sounds like fans should expect a “pre-release single” called “The Baddest.” A “pre-release single” implies that a full album may be coming and, maybe, new skins for the K/DA quartet. True Damage, Riot Games’ other musical group, has some skins that feature Louis Vuitton designs, so it wouldn’t be too surprising to see K/DA return with some flashy designer clothes.

K/DA is Riot Games’ K-pop group set in the League of Legends universe. The group made its debut at the 2018 League of Legends World Championships in Seoul, and features four of the game’s champions, voiced by real singers, as a pop girl group. The video for its debut single, “Pop/Stars,” has amassed over 362 million views on YouTube and topped charts since its release.Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later

Looks like we are having a problem on the server.While some K-pop fans continue to be celebrated for using their impressive mobilization skills to crash the Dallas Police Department’s narc-y app, flood white supremacist hashtags with fan cams, and devastate attendance at Trump’s Tulsa rally, the actual artists who inspire such devoted, organized fandom rarely receive the consideration they deserve. K-pop is often viewed as some monolith, flattened by facts about follower counts rather than being explored with nuance and expertise. And so, the group at the forefront of K-pop for most Western music fans—the record-breaking boy band BTS, an irrefutable force in pop culture—is championed in the U.S. for the size of their fandom (called ARMY) but scarcely the merits of their art.

K-pop journalist Tamar Herman’s first book, BTS: Blood, Sweat & Tears, out today, offers some critical course correction. The text gives a full image of RM, Suga, Jin, Jimin, V, Jungkook and J-Hope—their seven-year career, their music, and most importantly, a clear breakdown of cultural references that may bypass most listeners unfamiliar with South Korean history. It’s also a borderline-academic read, a fascinating text on how a boy band from Seoul became a global obsession, and a necessary primer for anyone curious about their story. Full disclosure: Herman is a friend, as all boy band fanatics seem to find one another.

Jezebel spoke to Herman about taking on a book about the biggest K-pop boy band for an American audience, the politics inherent in BTS’s music, and just how the group was able to take over the world.

This interview has been edited and condescended for clarity.

First things first: Are you going to teach a collegiate level course on BTS?



Did I not make the book fun enough? Did I not make it fan-ish enough? [Laughs.] But then I was thinking, there are those books. People who want to engage with BTS as a fan, they’re going to engage on social media. But if you’re looking to have a whole overview of their career, that’s what I can give you. There’s so many ways to engage with BTS’s content. I hope this is the first of many books about BTS. That’s what the world and BTS deserve. [This book is] where you go if you’re lost about BTS after Wikipedia.

The book begins with their history and leads into detailed breakdowns of the music, intertwined with cultural commentary. (Here’s an example: you described Dark & Wild, but you didn’t separate the album from the conversation surrounding misogyny in its lyrics.) How did you decide to sketch it out in that way?

It would be really negligent to write about K-pop acts without talking about the culture and the history. My goal for the book wasn’t necessarily “let’s address this Dark & Wild misogyny from a cultural perspective,” it was, “this album was called out for misogyny by feminist groups in Korea. Let’s delve into it and see what BTS did and what [their company] Big Hit did in response to it.”

At the end of the day, they’re a boy band with a predominantly female audience, so we have to delve into the people behind the songs and how they’re growing from one song to the next. So that’s my approach. You’re doing the best that you can in any given moment and doing the best that you can and owning up to it when you misstep is really important, and that’s what I wanted to show throughout the book. There’s been progression, there’s been growth, the album series go from when they’re teenagers to the present as adults. You’re accompanying them on their life’s path and the philosophical quandaries of youth and early adulthood.

Boy bands and girl groups—any music geared towards young people, really—is often talked about in a way that is divorced from any meaningful source material. Not necessarily the musicality, but what it even means, culturally. The BTS story is overwhelming but you distill it in a digestible way.

I’m so happy to hear that because I thought it was too dense.



I’ve noticed that for some Americans, K-pop has a cold start problem—it’s not just that they don’t know where to begin with the music, but that they don’t know the verbiage, the constant content creation can be intimidating, the idiosyncrasies of the industry that differ slightly can be overwhelming, but here, you make sure to spell them out without leaning into condescending over-explication. How did you strike that tonal balance?



I was thinking, because this is a kind of a biography, how do you make an existence, a real living breathing person—or in this case, a living, breathing group that is still active—palpable beyond typing “BTS” on social media or Google and becoming overwhelmed? There are places to start, but usually, you’re just thrown in. And for some people, that works perfectly. For people who aren’t used to fandoms or don’t have that much time to dedicate to fandom, breaking it down into three sections: first the history, then the music, then those mini-essays at the end [of the book] is palpable to me. I’ve read a lot of academic books about K-pop but they didn’t show the whole picture. There’s one Korean journalist, Kim Youngdae, who wrote a book about BTS’s music and as I was reading it I was thinking, “I love how he’s describing the music, but there’s not a whole lot of history.” For him and for Koreans who are reading it, you don’t need to be explained what the Gwangju Uprising was. You don’t need to be explained how different regions in Korea have different values and how that leads to this historic territorialism that BTS shows in their earlier songs where they’re really bringing their Korean-ness and their identity [to the forefront].

Americans by and large are not really into delving deep into other people’s culture. Dubbing is what we do. We don’t necessarily do subtitles. Most people who listen to Bad Bunny probably aren’t Googling what he’s performing about, you know? And he’s an activist. In general, when I’m writing about Korea, I’m always fascinated by how pop culture reflects the world around us. How do you condense that for everybody? How do you tell a story of culture that people aren’t familiar with, and politics that people aren’t familiar with? Before this current wave of K-pop, BTS, Parasite, most Americans’ context for Korea was the Korean War and Samsung. Maybe they know that LG is Korean. Maybe. Now people know K-BBQ and K-beauty, but it’s pretty recent. A lot of early BTS was very anti-Korea’s educational culture and how do you break that down for people who don’t know about it? It was my goal was for people to come away thinking about what BTS means on a larger scale.



Do you consider BTS to be more political—well, maybe more, like, sociopolitical—than other K-pop groups?

Between 2008 and 2013, when BTS debuted, there was a bubble of YouTube growth where groups like Girls Generation, Super Junior, TVXQ, 2NE1, BIGBANG were all really popular and there were some sociopolitical criticisms in there, especially with BIGBANG and 2NE1. Korea, in the late-aughts and early-2010s, was in a really good place financially. Samsung was doing really well, second only to Apple. Korea was in this short-lived zenith of consumerism and capitalism. But RM’s first song that he ever uploaded to BTS’s official account was about going to vote. So around this time, the younger generation started feeling—and we saw that here, too—millennials started getting more and more vocal about how our lives are kind of shitty because of the older generation. The general feeling of millennial discontent started being heard through K-pop, but it was still pretty rare.

It’s not necessarily that BTS is trying to be political, it’s that they’re trying to reflect their own lives. There are references in their songs that I interpret to be political references. The one that always comes to my mind is in “Am I Wrong.” Suga says something about “cats and dogs” and that was released the same year of a big political scandal in Korea where some politician described the average person in Korea as “cats and dogs, they’re not human.” It was a way to quote, verbatim, in a song that’s already political, this thing in a sly way. Before BTS, RM was releasing songs about voting and Suga was releasing songs about the Gwangju Massacre, so they weren’t apolitical. I think K-pop is viewed as apolitical because pop music is supposed to be universal. What BTS is doing is blending those influences—pop music’s universality and hip-hop’s autobiographical nature—and bringing them together in something that is very K-pop. I’m not going to say that is unique to BTS, but it is unique in the way that it has resonated. That’s partly because of the way ARMY has rallied around them.

I hesitate to ask why you think BTS was the K-pop boy group to fully break in America, because there are so many factors. Like, I found your writing about them making it a point to perform stateside to be so crucial... but I also found it interesting when you mentioned their show American Hustle Life, and how they learned from Coolio, Warren G—do you think there’s some coded acceptance of their performance of black music because they’ve received some education in it?

I think so. A few years ago I wrote a piece for Forbes that was seven factors behind BTS’s success and one of them was, and I mentioned this in the book, that in the U.S., we love one pop band at a time. There can only be one. When BTS started in 2013, we [were about to lose] One Direction, pretty much. Bieber had already grown up. The U.S. audience was looking for something to replace it. I don’t know what year Zayn left 1D—

When you look, BTS’s first major performance that was considered a sign of their ascent was at [the annual K-pop conference] KCON, in 2016.

One Direction went on indefinite hiatus in 2016, so that feels pretty prophetic.

It was a really impactful experience. You felt in the room that they were here. The pop stars of this generation. Very few K-pop artists get that kind of applause. Undeniably, they are the kings of this K-pop generation. And then we started looking around and it was like, “Oh, it’s not just K-pop fans that are listening to BTS, it’s general people.” Maybe it’s because there’s no other alternative in the U.S. that’s so accessible—and in the present, K-pop is really accessible. There’s a lot of subtitles, there’s a lot of translators but there isn’t pandering. Though BTS toured a lot in the U.S. in the beginning they did not pander toward an American audience. They built up their own audience through social media and brought their performances to the American music market in part because the Korean market was saturated at this time.

By the time BTS dropped WINGS [in 2016,] you could start seeing how many people were talking about them on social media platforms who weren’t talking about K-pop beforehand. BTS came at a time when people in the U.S., after Psy [released his 2012 viral hit “Gangnam Style”], people were already aware of Korean content, people were already aware of K-pop. One Direction was gone, and in Korea, BIGBANG had just enlisted, and groups like EXO were popular and are still hugely popular in Asia, but they weren’t gaining the traction globally. BTS had been targeting American audiences probably because they thought that was where they could make some money. It was a perfect storm in the realm of popdom.

I’ve definitely noticed 1D fans becoming BTS fans. One Direction came at a time when other boy bands were trying to happen, but they won out because of a variety of extramusical factors—they had all the things we love about boy bands, the talent, the charisma, the playful boyishness, but they also had something of a deviant streak. They had tattoos. They didn’t dance. They offered the soft masculinity that boy bands always do, but with a little bit of an edge. I see some of that expressed in BTS as well, but through their own original songwriting and hip-hop influences. I guess I’m interested in that edge.

In K-pop, it’s not necessarily a new thing. You have groups like BIGBANG and Block B who were really aggressive. Early K-pop groups had a lot of screaming in their songs. A lot of metal influences in their songs. A lot of bad boys, but it wasn’t more than an aesthetic concept for a lot of them. I think that’s what set aside BIGBANG and then BTS: you have this softer, less-toxic masculinity.

Their brand of approachable hip-hop is an answer to toxic masculinity in performative art. Because they were able to go from singing a song like one of their “Cyphers” to singing a song like “Tomorrow” or “Spring Day”—because they are able to take ownership of their multifaceted identity, I think that makes them both more approachable and more relatable without losing that edge that you said 1D had. In BTS there’s not necessarily a “bad boy,” but each member of BTS could be bad… maybe… not really. [Laughs]

There’s a whole lot of cultural reasoning for that. In America, we really love artistic authenticity. We love the garage band rising to the top. And K-pop is like, “Nah, they’re performers. That’s their job. Like an actor, that’s their job. They don’t need to write their songs the way an actor doesn’t need to write their script.” And that’s totally fine. But if you look at BTS, that’s not necessarily what they’re doing. The way that they’re doing it is a little bit more like the American approach to artistry, which to a lot of people makes it more attractive to a Western audience, but it’s really just a different approach to art. BTS is an alternative. A lot of the narrative of BTS being underdogs that is popular with fans, whether or not you agree it’s true, [is similar to the garage band narrative]. The fact the members struggled, the fact that their company had a lot of problems before the company blew up, the fact that they’re singing about stuff that matters, that makes them approachable to Western audiences.

BTS were talking to their fans all the time on social media. They were talking to fans before their debut. They were creating songs before their debut. Other K-pop groups do that now, too. In the book I talk about how other groups didn’t necessarily use Twitter as much as a group to create their formal identity. Members of K-pop acts prior to BTS usually had their own account on Twitter and Instagram. And after the [Billboard] Social 50 [Chart launched], you started to see a lot more groups making a group account. It was because companies recognized the tools—they recognized that social media marketing is a thing—and that you needed to take advantage of it.

By creating this group identity around their individual identities, I think BTS is very much the boy band for this generation of millennials across the globe. Millennials feel they aren’t listened to, that they’re not heard, and BTS is really singing to that and really showcasing themselves. BTS puts out so much content and some of it is just them running around and playing games on [variety web series] Run BTS and [YouTube videos called] Bangtan Bombs where they show behind the scenes stuff. You’re not necessarily just watching BTS for entertainment if you’re an ARMY. You’re watching them because they inspire you. You’re watching them and you’re sharing them because you find yourself reflected in them, in their work. That’s what all good pop artists do. That’s what all good artists do.Girl Group Hinapia’s member Yaebin was under fire for using the ‘N’ word while doing an Instagram live. The K-pop idol was rapping to the song Super Bass which is originally by Nicki Minaj. The video was not well received by many viewers who were watching Yaebin's Instagram live video. Several social media users resorted to Twitter and Instagram to call out the idol for her action.

Also Read | Mr Sunshine's Cast: A Good Mix Of Renowned Korean Actors For The Early 20th Century Drama

Yaebin quickly reacted to the comments on her live video and said that she was aware about the fact that ‘people are sensitive’ to the word and tried her best to censor the part of the song. On August 12, that is Wednesday, Yaebin took to the social media account of the group and apologised for her mistake. She said that it is an honest mistake from her end. She also said that ‘what I did was seriously wrong and cannot go unnoticed.’ She shared an elaborate apology on her social media account.

Also Read | Actor Sung Joon To Tie The Knot In September With His Non-celebrity Girlfrien

Also Read | BLACKPINK’s Collaboration With Selena Gomez Is Confirmed & Fans Cannot Keep Calm

However, many fans took to social media to express their anger over the incident. Here are some of the reactions of the fans over the incident. Some fans felt that the damage was done and it was too late to go back. As mentioned below, some fans did not accept the apology.

Also Read | The King: Eternal Monarch Star Lee Min Ho To Take Legal Action Against 'malicious Trolls'

Yaebin was formerly a member of Pristine. However, the group disbanded due to lack of promotional activities and other reasons. Few of the member of the group came together and signed their contract with OSR Entertainment. Former members of Pristin, Minkyeung, Eunwoo and Gyeongwon, as well as Yaebin, have debuted under the new group name Hinapia. Yaebin was even part of the sub-unit formed in the group Pristin under the name Pristin-V. However, the group reportedly could not sustain the heavy competition in the K-pop industry. Hinapia, as a group has released a song back on November 3, 2019, and this year they are preparing for a new album. The release date for the album is not revealed yet and is still under preparation phase, as per reports.

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.O k-pop – música pop coreana – é um fenômeno que ultrapassa fronteiras e atrai jovens do mundo inteiro em comunidades leais. Devotos, eles dominam o Twitter, mas se organizam também pelo TikTok, Facebook, Instagram e outras redes sociais. Recentemente, esse exército de fãs decidiu entra na campanha eleitoral dos EUA, tirando o sono do presidente Donald Trump.

Em junho, Amanda Method, de 34 anos, foi uma das centenas de fãs de k-pop que reservaram ingressos para o comício de Trump em Tulsa, sem ter a menor intenção de usá-los. Impedida de participar de protestos, por ser PcD (pessoa com deficiência), a jovem viu na “pegadinha” online uma forma de se somar a outras vozes. “Aderi assim que fiquei sabendo”, conta. “Reservei uma entrada para cada membro da minha família.”

O movimento, puxado por contas do TikTok e do Twitter, ganhou os holofotes após o esvaziamento do comício – contrariando as expectativas republicanas, só 6,2 mil pessoas compareceram. Há meses, fãs do k-pop se unem nas redes para sabotar hashtags da extrema direita, arrecadar fundos para movimentos sociais e driblar os aplicativos de vigilância para proteger a identidade de manifestantes.

Amanda participou de algumas dessas ações. “Estou farta dos constantes maus tratos às minorias de todo o tipo neste país, e queria falar em nome delas”, conta. “Grandes bases de fãs, como as do k-pop, podem ser uma ferramenta útil. Já temos uma organização para espalhar mensagens de forma rápida e clara, e levar a informação certa aos lugares certos é o recurso mais valioso neste momento.”

A demonstração de força no comício de Trump colocou os fãs de k-pop e os usuários do TikTok no centro do debate eleitoral. Apartidários ou pluripartidários, politicamente conscientes, eles têm em mãos o engajamento orgânico, tão desejado por campanhas políticas, e, a julgar por recentes 'chamados às armas' em redes sociais, continuam dispostos a usar sua força para atrair atenção para as causas em que acreditam.

“Sabotamos o comício de Trump porque ele pretendia fazê-lo no dia do Juneteenth, que marca a libertação dos escravos nos EUA”, diz uma adolescente, que preferiu se identificar apenas como Jennah. “Ele também pretendia fazê-lo em Tulsa, onde um massacre racial aconteceu. Sabotamos porque achamos que seria uma injustiça alguém como Trump fazer esse comício em uma época tão sensível.”

Jennah afirma que os fãs do gênero tendem a ser progressistas, por serem pessoas de diferentes países, raças, religiões, classes, orientações sexuais e identidades de gênero. “A força motriz de qualquer movimento ou organização é a diversidade e a paixão, e temos essas duas coisas. Assim, quando convocados para uma boa causa, temos a capacidade de aparecer em números que podem ser ótimos para criar mudanças.”

Acusados por políticos e influenciadores republicanos de serem parte de um esquema de “interferência estrangeira”, os fãs de k-pop são também americanos. De acordo com a Blip, empresa privada de pesquisas, o país foi o quarto maior consumidor de conteúdo de k-pop no Youtube no ano passado. Em 2020, segundo o Spotify, os EUA foram o país que mais escutaram o gênero musical. E, embora seja difícil traçar um perfil dos fãs de k-pop – a maioria das estatísticas é incompleta –, é inegável que essa base vem mudando ao longo dos anos.

“Se você voltar 15 anos, a maioria desses fãs seriam asiáticos-americanos, ou pessoas asiáticas morando temporariamente nos EUA”, afirma a professora de Línguas e Culturas do Leste Asiático da Universidade De Indiana, CedarBough Saeji. “Mas, durante a última década, principalmente negros fizeram muito para apoiar e espalhar o k-pop, assim como muitos latinos que moram nos EUA.”

Frequentemente estereotipado e associado a meninas adolescentes, o k-pop ultrapassa fronteiras, afirma a professora. Seus fãs têm se sido atuantes no mundo todo. “Vimos isso no passado. Na Indonésia, fãs do gênero participaram de mobilizações políticas. Na Índia, eles se manifestaram contra o nacionalismo hindu de Narendra Modi”, afirma Saeji. “Parte da atração pelo k-pop vem junto com essa visão idealista por um mundo melhor.”

Ela afirma não ter ficado surpresa com a mobilização. “Só porque alguém é fã de k-pop não significa que não haja outras coisas na sua cabeça. Sim, os fãs amam k-pop, mas, ao mesmo tempo, estão preocupados com o país e com o racismo sistêmico”, diz. “Então, não fico surpresa que eles tenham feito esse tipo de ação, e acho possível que isso aconteça de novo.”

Apesar da diversidade, os fãs de k-pop têm algo em comum: o fervor por seus ídolos. De todas as partes do mundo, eles se juntam para organizar votações, pedir músicas em rádios e colocar as bandas nas diferentes paradas musicais. Suk-Young Kim, professora de Estudos Críticos e diretora do Centro de Estudos de Performance da Universidade da Califórnia, Los Angeles (UCLA) e autora do livro , explica que a relação dos fãs com a internet é peculiar.

“A indústria do k-pop é desenhada de um jeito que os ídolos não conseguem ter sucesso, nem crescer, sem a participação dos fãs”, diz. “Suas carreiras dependem disso, principalmente da participação nas mídias sociais.”

Quando os grupos lançam novos álbuns ou clipes, fãs se mobilizam para gerar conteúdo e impulsionar os números do “É quase como uma organização política ou religiosa para apoiar seus ídolos”, conta Kim. “É uma cultura muito participativa, e eles sabem que têm poder.”

Ainsley, uma jovem americana de 14 anos, conta que foi esta “máquina” que entrou em funcionamento. “Os fãs de k-pop provaram ser capazes de criar hashtags que alcançam os facilmente, e criar ‘festas de votação’ em massa para ajudar nossos ídolos a ganhar prêmios”, diz. “Então, se pararmos de nos concentrar nisso por um tempo e começarmos a votar em massa nas petições e espalhar a hashtag #BLM (#BlackLivesMatter), podemos ajudar a alimentar movimentos positivos.”

A adolescente conta que os fãs coordenaram ações e “ataques” nas últimas semanas. “A informação é espalhada no Twitter e, em seguida, se espalha para o aplicativo de vídeo TikTok. Quando chega ao TikTok, a maioria dos fãs do k-pop já está ciente. Mas ainda mais pessoas que não fazem parte de fãs-clubes do k-pop passam a participar.”

Com quase 5 mil seguidores no Instagram, Ainsley também participa de outras formas de mobilização, como a divulgação de petições e arrecadação de dinheiro.

Os ídolos, por outro lado, costumam ser reticentes em relação à política – embora também façam doações para causas sociais. “Eles são treinados para não se envolver”, afirma Suk-Young. “Da perspectiva das empresas que gerenciam suas carreiras, o objetivo é fazê-los populares para o público geral, e polarizar seus fãs em torno de questões políticas não serve a este propósito.”

Não há ainda um movimento organizado ou partidário formado por fãs de k-pop – embora a reportagem tenha encontrado uma iniciativa recém-criada que busca reunir fãs para ações anti-Trump, além de algumas postagens incentivando que eles se registrem para votar nas eleições de novembro.

Ari, 16, uma jovem que reservou ingressos para alguns comícios de Trump, ajudou a sabotar o aplicativo da polícia de Dallas e assinou petições, acredita que os fãs compartilham alguns valores. "Eu acho que a maioria dos kpop stans têm a mesma visão. Parecemos ter ideias muito progressistas e mais radicais, provavelmente porque podemos ver o efeito de certas coisas em nossa sociedade do ponto de vista de outras sociedades", diz.

Ela conta se identificar com o Partido Democrata, ainda que mais à esquerda, mas ainda não pode votar. “Como alguém que mora nos EUA e vê toda a injustiça nesse país, eu me empolguei quando percebi que tinha poder para fazer algo, já que não posso ir às urnas”, diz. “( ) me fez sentir que eu podia mudar algo”.

Para Saeji, há esperança de que esses fãs se sintam mais politicamente empoderados após eventos como o comício de Tulsa. “Eles sentem que podem fazer a diferença se se juntarem, e voto é a mesma coisa: se nos juntarmos, podemos fazer a diferença”, diz. Mas, ressalta, isso não significa que eles possam ser ‘usados’. “Eu não acredito que um ‘outsider’ possa motivar esses fãs a fazerem algo. Você não pode controlá-los: a única coisa que se pode prever sobre eles é que eles vão apoiar seus ídolos”.SEOUL (Reuters) - Big Hit Entertainment, the management label of hugely popular South Korean K-Pop group BTS, saw 49.7 billion won ($41.9 million) in half-year profits as its online concert and merchandise sales more than offset event cancellations during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Earlier this month, Big Hit received preliminary approval for its planned initial public offering (IPO), with a listing expected later this year. Some analysts have forecast the IPO could value the company at 4 trillion won ($3.4 billion) or more.

Big Hit on Thursday posted 49.7 billion won in operating profit on 294 billion won in revenue in the first half of 2020. This compares to about 39.1 billion won operating profit and 201 billion won in revenue during the first half of 2019, based on a different accounting standard.

“Big Hit responded well in the face of an unexpected global crisis,” global business CEO Lenzo Yoon said in an online presentation.

BTS, a seven-member boy band with a message of self-confidence, became the first group since the Beatles to score three No. 1 albums in a year on the Billboard 200 charts in 2019.

Although BTS’ planned tour of more than 20 concerts in the United States, Europe and Asia was cancelled, some 756,000 people globally paid to watch BTS’ online concert in June simultaneously, an audience size equal to about 15 stadium concerts, Yoon said.

About 746,000 merchandise items for the online concert were sold within a week on its Weverse dedicated app.

Big Hit also sells secondary content including artist-based characters, illustrated books of lyrics, textbooks, games and licensing including BTS edition of Samsung Electronics smartphones and Starbucks products, which company officials said had helped it prosper despite the COVID-19 pandemic.

Big Hit acquired two K-Pop labels and established a third as a joint venture since last year, chairman and CEO Bang Si-hyuk said, addressing market concerns that Big Hit needs to diversify its revenue streams beyond BTS.South Korean drag queen Kim Young-rong, known as Nana, discovered the scene in college 14 years ago.A new teaser website for the BTS Universe Story video game shows two BTS members in-game - Jin and RM - as well as a hint that the game will feature some kind of crossover with the TXT Universe. BTS is the current most popular K-pop group in the industry, and both it and TXT are managed by Big Hit Entertainment.

Announced earlier this year, little is known about BTS Universe Story. It serves as Korean publisher and developer Netmarble's follow-up to its previous BTS mobile title, BTS World, and is based on a concept teaser video released in mid-2019. The teaser featured live-action scenes referencing several BTS MVs, most prominently a shot from 2015's "Run," where the camera moves towards Jungkook through the other members. The teaser then transitioned from live-action to in-game footage, showcasing Jungkook's in-game appearance.

The official BTS Universe Story website, recently published by Netmarble, features another short teaser video - this time entirely comprised of in-game footage. What appears to be the game's version of Jin is seen speaking with a blue-and-green-eyed cat creature, which seems to be the origin of on-screen text hinting at the game's premise. "Find the map of the soul," it says. "Then all this can end."

Since the game appears to follow the events of the BTS Universe (a collection of music videos, short films, and other media that tell a fictional story based on the group's members), and since Map of the Soul is the latest era in that universe, it's possible the cat's command to find the map so "all this can end" foreshadows the end of the BTS Universe storyline. While the story has continued through short films and books since 2015, the last music video to add to the BTS Universe canon was the extended version of 2018's "Fake Love." Perhaps Big Hit will use the game to bring an "end" to the timeline, ushering in a new story for future BTS MVs and media.

As Twitter user Lyssie pointed out, the cat creature has previously appeared in BTS-related material before, including a Save Me webtoon, an accessory for a Jin figurine, and a mention by BTS Universe's Jungkook in one of the story's Notes entries. Its main appearances, however, have been in TXT's music videos, namely "Nap of a Star," "Magic Island," and "Eternally." This suggests BTS Universe Story could expand on the relationship between the two group's universes.

As far as the game itself, Netmarble announced (translation via Koreaboo) gameplay will follow a sandbox style. The genre usually allows players to freely explore and interact with large, open environments, though it's not clear how this will play out in BTS Universe Story. Given the initial concept video's use of live-action footage, it's also possible the new game will incorporate real-life footage of the group members, just as BTS World did.

Next: K-Pop Stans Crash Dallas PD App Looking For Illegal Rioting Videos With Fancams

BTS Universe Story's release date has not yet been announced.SINGAPORE — South Korean television broadcaster MBC is working on a new documentary about the late actress-singer Sulli, South Korean news outlets reported.

Sulli, whose real name is Choi Jin-ri, died in October last year of an apparent suicide. She was 25.

South Korean entertainment news portal Soompi said the documentary will include interviews with Sulli’s family, friends and employees of her management agency SM Entertainment.

It will look at Sulli’s life and her road to fame.

She started acting at age 11 in the 2005 drama Ballad Of Seodong before making her idol singer debut as part of K-pop girl group f(x). She left the group in 2015 to focus on her solo acting career. She acted in dramas like To The Beautiful You (2012) and films such as Real (2017), and made a cameo appearance in last year’s hit drama Hotel Del Luna shortly before her death.

She was the target of cyber-bullying when she was alive and was said to have been suffering from mental health issues at the time of her death.For those who don’t know, trot is a distinctly Korean musical style with its own unique sound. While it tends to be a style that’s most popular among the older generations in South Korea, lots of our favorite K-pop idols have revealed themselves to be huge fans of the genre. It’s certainly a departure from the usual K-pop sound, but there are some idols out there who have proved their versatility as artists by being able to sing both! In no particular order, here are just 11 of them!

I.N may be the maknae of Stray Kids, but he’s definitely old at heart! He’s been very vocal about his love of trot ever since the group’s debut, and his hilarious trot interpretations of Stray Kids’ EDM-based tracks never fail to make fans laugh. I.N recently showed off his gorgeous trot vocals in his audition for “Favorite Entertainment,” and the judges were immediately enamored by him. I.N is definitely a trot star in the making!

Joy may be Red Velvet’s lead rapper, but she can totally sing trot! She liked trot music as a child, and it was this love of music that inspired her to be a performer. Her clear, slightly nasal tone is perfectly suited to singing trot, and the joy that trot brings her is easy to see when she’s singing it! Her magnetic stage presence and unique voice would definitely make her a trot sensation.

BTOB’s Yook Sungjae is well-known for his powerful vocals and outgoing personality, so it’s no surprise that he totally won everyone over with his amazing trot covers when he appeared on “My Ugly Duckling” earlier this year, even gaining the approval of the celebrity moms on the panel. If he can impress the mom of Super Junior-T member Heechul, then he could definitely be a trot all-star!

Watch the full episode of “My Ugly Duckling” here!

Girls’ Generation’s leader Taeyeon has added to the group’s success with a stunning solo career, showing off her incredibly high-powered vocals and wowing fans with her performances. It should be no surprise, then, that this talented vocalist can also sing trot! She’s totally got the style down pat, and her versatility as a pop and trot performer is mind-blowing. Maybe one day she’ll add some trot to her solo repertoire!

Another power vocalist with some hidden trot skills, SEVENTEEN’s Seungkwan would undoubtedly be an amazing trot singer. His bright stage presence and 4D personality would definitely lend themselves well to some outlandishly brilliant trot stages, and his ability to cover that distinct trot sound means that it’s not difficult to imagine him releasing a great trot album. We’d love to see it!

EXID’s Solji is such a good trot singer that she could even teach a class on the subject! She may have originally been an R&B singer before joining EXID, but she could certainly have a future in trot too. She’s totally mastered the trot singing style, and her enthusiasm for trot is totally contagious. Who wouldn’t want to see her killing it up there on stage with a bopping trot song?!

PENTAGON members Yeo One and Hui both auditioned for “Favorite Entertainment” recently, wowing judges and fans with their talents. Yeo One’s distinct vocal color and expressive performances make him perfectly suited to the genre, and he nailed all of the little vocal accents that make trot special. We’d love to see him debut along with Hui in the final lineup for the show and shake up the music scene with his trot prowess.

Apink’s Jung Eun Ji is such a good trot singer that she even starred in a drama called “Trot Lovers” back in 2014 and totally blew everyone away with her trot skills! Her vocals were arguably one of the best parts of the entire drama, and viewers were treated to Eun Ji’s amazing performances several times over the course of the show. After watching this scene, how could you not want more!?

With their recent win on “Road To Kingdom,” The Boyz have been making some serious waves in K-pop as of late. However, leader Sangyeon has also proven that he’d be an amazing trot star as well! His duet with singer Yoon Sohyun was definitely memorable, and Sangyeon had no problem keeping up with the trot star. The audience was clearly loving it, and Sangyeon looked like he was having a great time as well!

There really are no limits to IU’s vocal capabilities! Her ability to pull off any genre that she tries is truly enviable, and it’s all thanks to her stellar vocals and flawless stage presence. Even in this casual karaoke-like setting, her voice is truly angelic! IU has expressed interest in trying out some trot songs for her next album, so hopefully we’ll get to hear her trot debut very soon.

This trot cover by BTS’s maknae Jungkook may not have been taken too seriously, but his skills are no joke! He’s gifted fans with some hilarious trot renditions of BTS’s tracks in the past and proven his abilities a couple of times with some great karaoke covers. His talent would definitely cause a stir in the trot world, and we’re sure that there are lots of ARMYs out there who would love to see Jungkook’s trot debut!

What other idols do you think could be trot stars? Let us know in the comments below!The winners of the 2020 Soribada Best K-Music Awards are out.

Presented by Korean music portal Soribada, the awards show is held annually in celebration of the best musicians in K-pop. This year marks its 4th edition, which happened over Thursday (13/8) at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena in Seoul.

Hosted by Jun Hyun Moo and Jin Se Yeon, it saw the biggest artists of the year dominate the list such as TWICE, TXT, Red Velvet, and NCT Dream. BTS received their Daesang, Bonsang and Favourite Male Bias awards remotely.

The awards show also featured a string of performances by some of the attending artists.

Screenshot of TWICE performing 'More & More' (cr: HiTZ K-POP)

Artist of the Year Award: TWICE

Bonsang: Im Young Woong, NCT Dream, Oh My Girl, GFriend, MAMAMOO, VICTON, AB6IX, Red Velvet, TWICE, IZ*ONE, ASTRO, Kang Daniel and BTS

Winners are determined by Soribada’s internal data, international mobile votes as well as ratings from professionals. Check out some of the most retweeted (mixed) fan reactions below:Seven current and former members of NCT Dream gathered to celebrate the fourth anniversary of the youngest subunit of NCT.Haechan introduced himself with a courteous bow and brought in the members one by one.“It has been so long since we livestreamed together, all seven of us,” remarked Haechan. They gave themselves a big applause and agreed that they could not believe it has already been four years.Haechan said that their first standalone concert Dream Show was the most memorable moment, while Jaemin’s was the first time they appeared on a TV music show with their debut song “Chewing Gum.” Renjun picked on Mark who “graduated” from the unit and did not come to the concert.“He didn‘t come, not once!” they accused the oldest among them and Mark protested that he could not go because of his conflicting schedule.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209641.Ong Seongwoo spent three hours on Naver‘s V Live communicating with his fans and celebrating his birthday.“It’s my birthday, as you know, and I wanted to see you,” he said smiling into the camera. He chuckled when some fans commented that he looks pale. “That is because I‘m not wearing any makeup,” he said before putting some on.“Can you guess where I am?” asked the birthday boy repressing a smile. He was actually sitting up in his bed, he confided, moving the camera to give a peek of his grey headboard and white bedding.“This must be the first time I’m livestreaming from my home,” he said. He felt a little awkward since it was his first time doing so and he admitted to his fans that he was not comfortable showing off his house.Ong thanked fans for holding a series of events to mark his birthday. “It seems like many of you have spent on ads this year,” he added.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209620.Sana of Twice chatted with fans despite having to reconnect two times due to a poor internet connection.After confirming with fans that the first attempt failed, she went through the comments and replied that she has an idea for her next hair style, but was not ready to divulge it yet. As for the color, she wants to dye it back to orange. He other options could be light purple, sky blue, blue or deep blue or really dark ash brown.“But I don‘t think I’ll go light this year,” she added.The idol offered advice to a fan who is learning Korean.“Although my Korean is very far from perfect,” she said modestly, “I used to watch variety shows, rather than dramas or movies, to see which expressions were the most natural in certain situations.” As much as some fans want to speak Korean or Japanese, she wants to learn English, she added.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209634.Kpop Herald reporter Hong Dam-young welcomed back the members of Dreamcatcher two years after they met for the first time, this time with entertainer Christian Burgos.They command an unusual sound for a K-pop act, mixing metal and rock, and have built a huge international fan base especially in Latin America, explained Hong.Burgos, from Mexico, has come to know them in a quite uncommon way. He first came across their music from a Korean music video game Pump It Up, in which player(s) dance to a range of songs, that included the group’s “Fly High.” It is one of the most popular games in his home country.The six-piece act has returned with its 5th EP “Dystopia: Lose Myself” and the lead track is titled “BOCA.” All of their fans in Latin America must have thought “Yes! That‘s a song for us!” said Burgos.In turn, the performers said they love meeting their fans from the region because of their passionate reactions.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209034.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=BTS is the only Korean act to break its own Guinness Records to attain bestselling albumMANILA — Here’s an unlikely but refreshing combination: putting a Ben&Ben twist to K-pop tunes.

The result was released Wednesday through the debut episode of “BBTV,” the Filipino band’s YouTube vlog.

The concept was in response to constant requests from fans, Ben&Ben said, as well as the recent discovery of a number of K-pop acts of their music.

In July, Ben&Ben thanked a number of K-pop idols for sharing their appreciation for “Leaves,” which they played during their livestream after being sent in by fans.

The band even gave a shoutout to NTC members Mark, Renjun, and Chenle in their vlog, after Ben&Ben covered the K-pop group’s “Beautiful Time.”

Ben&Ben then performed a slowed arrangement of Red Velvet’s “Bad Boy,” owing to its “sensual” lyrics.

A song rom DAY6 was next: “You Were Beautiful,” which the band described as having “musical sensibilities relatable to Filipinos,” and a perfect teleserye soundtrack.

Young K of DAY6 was also among K-pop artists who earlier praised Ben&Ben’s music.

The fourth K-pop tune Ben&Ben covered was TWICE’s “Feel Special,” to end the vlog with “good vibes.”

The band called on their fans to comment further K-pop songs they hope to be given the Ben&Ben treatment.

BBTV, the band said, will release fresh episodes every Wednesday.MTV announced the nominees for the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards, and the awards show is once again keeping the controversial Best K-pop category. In 2019, fans accused MTV of being xenophobic for creating the category. After the nominees were announced, Monsta X fans questioned why the group’s song “Someone’s Someone” was not nominated in the Best Pop category.

Monsta X was nominated for Best K-pop

For the 2020 MTV VMAs, Monsta X was nominated for Best K-pop along with (G)I-DLE, BTS, EXO, Tomorrow X Together, and Red Velvet. Monsta X was nominated for “Someone’s Someone,” EXO was nominated for “Obsession,” BTS was nominated for “On,” MTV nominated (G)I-DLE for “Oh My God,” TXT was nominated for their song “9 and Three Quarters (Run Away),” and Red Velvet was nominated for “Psycho.”

BTS was the only K-pop group nominated for Best Pop, becoming the first Asian act to do so. The group was nominated alongside Halsey for “You Should Be Sad,” Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande’s song “Rain On Me,” Taylor Swift’s “Lover,” Jonas Brothers for “What a Man Gotta Do,” and Justin Bieber ft. Quavo for “Intentions.”

In 2019, the hashtag #VMAsRacist trended on Twitter when MTV announced the Best K-pop category, as fans felt it was designed to keep Asian artists from being nominated for the major awards. For the 2020 awards show, no Korean bands were nominated for Video of the Year, Artist of the Year, or Song of the Year.

Monsta X released the song “Someone’s Someone” on Oct. 4, 2019. The song’s lyrics are in English and it was co-written by Shownu of Monsta X and Before You Exit members. A music video for the track was released on Oct. 16, 2019, and to date it has over 20 million views on YouTube.

“Someone’s Someone” was included on the band’s English album All About Luv, which was released on Feb. 14, 2020. While Wonho departed the group on Oct. 31, 2019, the singer-songwriter’s vocals and songwriting credits are still present on the album. The album received positive reviews and landed at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 chart following its release.

RELATED: Review: Monsta X and NCT 127 Make B96 Pepsi Jingle Bash Their Own Concert

Fans questioned why Monsta X was not nominated for ‘Best Pop’

Following Monsta X’s success with “Someone’s Someone” and All About Luv, fans of the group wonder why Shownu, Minhyuk, Kihyun, Hyungwon, Joohoney, and I.M. were not nominated for Best Pop. Monbebes pointed out that because All About Luv is marketed as a pop album and features English lyrics, “Someone’s Someone” meets the criteria for being a pop song.

Given Monsta X’s expansive Korean discography, fans also wondered why the group was not nominated with a Korean song in the Best K-pop category. This questioning led some fans to call out the MTV VMAs for xenophobia when it comes to the Best K-pop category.

“Absolutely luv that Monsta X is nominated but I just find it funny that under the ‘Best K-pop'(Korean Pop) category, out of 80+ KOREAN songs they have, yall chose an English song (great song choice but that aint kpop, unless yall listenin to a diff version lol) anyways vote MX,” one fan tweeted.

“monsta x worked REALLY HARD for ‘All About Luv’. They sang in a language that isn’t their first and did it so well. And yet the @vmas thinks they can gatekeep them based on their ethnicity? You really showed your xenophobia. The album isnt even listed as ‘K-pop’. #VMAsXenophobic,” wrote a Twitter user.

“uh…. what the hell is this..??? a best kpop category??? really?? it’s not even a genre to be treated as one!!! and monsta x are nominated with an ENGLISH POP SONG????????? YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME,” tweeted a fan.KATHMANDU: South Korean pop group SuperM are making a comeback with their debut studio album, Super One. The album is slated for a September 25 release.

The seven-member K-pop band will release a couple of promotional singles ahead of Super One — 100 will be available on streaming platforms from August 14, and Tiger Inside will arrive on September 1.

SuperM, that consists of seven members from four SM Entertainment boy groups — Taemin from SHINee, Baekhyun and Kai from EXO, Taeyong and Mark from NCT 127, and Ten and Lucas from WayV — made headlines in October 2019 when it debuted at No 1 on the Billboard 200 Chart.

Created in 2019, SuperM members have collectively sold more than 14 million album-equivalent units with their previous bands.

Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookIs there anything more exciting than seeing two of your favorite artists working on a project together? It's even more interesting to see when groups of two different cultures and musical genres come together - the results are often phenomenal.

RELATED: Top 10 Rock Bands From The 2000s Everyone Listened To

There are far too many great K-Pop collabs to include on a list of only ten. We tried to narrow it down by limiting each artist to only one spot (however, NCT's Mark does appear multiple times). In no particular order, here are 10 amazing K-Pop collaborations with North American artists to obsess over.

Eric Bellinger knows the R&B scene inside an out. He's a Los Angeles songwriter with credits on tracks by Usher, Chris Brown, Tank, Justin Bieber, and Trey Songz. It's a treat to see him work with Korean artist Kwon Hyuk for his American debut.

The 27-year-old singer had a similar career trajectory to Bellinger - starting out as a songwriter with credit on EXO's "Growl" and VIXX's "Voodoo Doll." His stage name comes from American actor James Dean, due to the artist's fascination with his rebellious image.

This might be cheating since HRVY is actually from England, but how could we not include this cute bubblegum collaboration? HRVY and NCT Dream members Renjun, Jisung, Mark, Chenle, and Jaemin each have their individual moments to shine.

Unlike many other tracks on this list, fans felt as though HRVY could be a real member of NCT. His voice syncs so well with the Korean vocalists. It's even better that they appear to admire each other as friends.

How many K-pop fans knew they needed a Latin Pop crossover until Super Junior? The group has dabbled with Spanish sounds before ("Mamacita") and even collaborated with Leslie Grace on "Lo Siento" in April 2018. However, "Otra Vez" with Mexican pop-rock group Reik stole the show.

It's got a gorgeous, sultry sound. Although Super Junior hasn't topped charts in South Korea for a long time, Otra Vez did surprisingly well in the Middle East and Southeast Asia (being #1 on iTunes for several countries in the two regions).

This song is so much fun - fitting for the first single of The Great Dancer (a tribute to the great Michael Jackson). The video features many of the King of Pop's iconic dance moves. Director Daniel Russell wanted to evoke "Black or White," "BAD," and "Smooth Criminal" while focusing on a theme of diversity, inclusivity, and of course dance.

RELATED: Jason Derulo Is Getting Rich Off Of TikTok, He Says You Can Too

The video was filmed in South Korea, Ethiopia, Jamaica, London, and Los Angeles. Despite being such a massive project, the video currently only has roughly 44 million views on Jason' Derulo's official Youtube page.

Wendy from Red Velvet was the first K-pop artist John Legend has ever collaborated with, and we couldn't think of a better pairing. The smooth R&B track is perfect for their incredible vocals. Although it did not chart in large part due to lack of promotion (the video was only posted on SMTOWN's Youtube channel and NOT on John Legend's) it absolutely deserved to.

It had an overwhelmingly positive response for the fans who managed to listen to it. It was the last song on SM 'Station X 0' and was the first track in the project's history to include only English lyrics,

It's fitting for the Far East Movement to collaborate with Korean superstars - their roots are in Los Angeles' K-Town. "Freal Luv," was an ambitious track bringing together artists from many different genres and locales.

Tinashe is an R&B pop star, Marshmello is a famous DJ, and Chanyeol is a rapper in EXO. This project was about identity and Far East Movement wanted to dedicate it to bridging the divide between their sense of self and the American perception of them.

This sleek and sensual alt-R&B track features as the lead single in Monsta X's English album All About Luv. Peaking at #26 on the US Pop chart, this collaboration saw quite a bit of success.

It was not only #39 for US airplay the week of its release but more recently features as part of the Riverdale soundtrack for the episode "The Ides of March." We hope for more international success to come their way!

Although Ava Max's anthem "So Am I" has seen several remixes since its original March 2019 release, the version with members of NCT 127 is one of the best.

Featuring raps from Mark and Taeyong, with vocal layering from Jaehyun and Doyoung, the NCT 127 artists breathe new life into So Am I. Their album We Are Superhuman charted 11th on the Billboard 200 and are worthy of all the success.

Before the June 26th premiere of Blackpink's long-awaited comeback single, fans were starved for more of these talented ladies. Lady Gaga had also been flying under the radar. Without a new studio album release in four years, fans of both have been suffering a content drought.

What better collaboration than both Gaga and Blackpink? Although Blackpink didn't feature as heavily as many would have liked, it served as the appetizer before the "How You Like That" entree. The song debuted at #33 in the Billboard Hot 100.

BTS are no newcomers when it comes to smashing charts, but "Boy With Luv" was an absolute breakout even by their high standards. It was their fourth song to chart in the top 10 of Billboard's Hot 100 list during 2019.

More impressive yet, their debut video broke Youtube records by amassing a whopping 74.6 million views in its first day on the platform. They unseated the previous reigning queens - Blackpink - whose video for "Kill This Love" obtained 45.9 million views in 24 hours. There's no doubt these guys are juggernauts both at home and internationally.BTS continues to surprise us, hitting the world with another first: a song that's performed fully in English.

While the K-pop group, with members RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, V, Jimin and Jungkook, has dropped some English lyrics in their songs before, "Dynamite" (out Aug. 21) will be their first song performed completely in English.

BTS is familiar with breaking new ground. The septet, which launched in 2013 with the song “No More Dream” from debut album "2 Cool 4 Skool," were the first K-pop group to debut at No. 1 on Billboard's Hot 200 in 2018. Their 2019 album "Map of the Soul: Persona" topped the Nielsen charts in physical sales for the year and they performed at the 2020 Grammys with Lil Nas X. In their seven years, they've put out more than a dozen albums and EPs.

The most difficult part of making "Dynamite" was stepping out of the comforts of singing in Korean and getting the English pronunciations down, the group tells USA TODAY via an interpreter.

"It was more not hard, but interesting. It was an interesting kind of challenge," Jungkook says, with RM noting that it was a "fun hard."

Though BTS told Entertainment Weekly in 2019 that they didn't plan to sing in English because they didn't want to change their "identity" or "genuineness," no one planned on a global pandemic either. Things change.

"This is a situation that everybody else around the world is facing, so we just started to explore what can we do right now, what can we do really good?" Suga says of "Dynamite."

Creating the song was "like destiny," RM says. "Who would ever think of this pandemic? No meeting, no karaoke, no concerts? Even no walking in the park. So we never expected this song would come fully in English. During the process of making our album … it just came to us."

BTS has an incredible international following, with a legion of fans known as the Army. But the group has been largely overlooked when it comes to air time on U.S. radio stations because their songs are in Korean. "Dynamite" could propel them to a No. 1 hit if it gets picked up by American radio stations.

Will it be their last English song? Though they don't have plans to release another, "don't not look forward to it," V says.

Like much of the world, the pandemic has taken a toll on BTS members' personal lives. They're not able to do the things they loved pre-pandemic, like concerts and karaoke, but they're trying to do the best under the circumstances .

"We're in this situation that we have, what is it that can lift me up?" J-Hope says. "The conclusion is always going to be music and dance that lifts me up, so I've been trying to listen to music, I've been trying to write music, dance and that's what I've been doing to cope with the situation."

Jin says he's taking the pandemic as an opportunity to do the things he couldn't do before: "It was a chance for me to sort of bring on new challenges for myself and try new things and that's how I sort of try to cope."

K-pop stans, teens on TikTok:may have inflated expected turnout to President Trump's Tulsa rally

BTS remains booked and busy. The group is releasing its second album of 2020 after dropping "Map of the Soul: 7" in February. They will perform during MTV's Video Music Awards on Aug. 30. They're releasing a movie, "Break the Silence: The Movie" in September. In October, they'll perform their first concert since postponing their "Map of the Soul World Tour" in April. The "Map of the Soul ON:E" concert will be held in South Korea in person and streamed online Oct. 11 and 12, though venue details are yet to be announced.

Through all 2020 has put us through, BTS wants their fans to remember one thing: You're not alone.

"I think it's hard to say someone has it harder or someone has it less harder, but I think it's a time for us to really bring ourselves together, pull our strings together and sort of encourage everyone and overcome these difficulties together," Jimin says.

More:K-pop fans become an unexpected ally to American protestersA new film about the Korean pop industry is in development from Scooter Braun’s SB Projects and Epic Magazine.

According to Deadline, the film’s story will follow an Asian-American college student in the US who becomes a top competitor on South Korea’s toughest K-pop competition show. She chases her dreams of becoming a K-pop star, despite her family’s disapproval.

The currently untitled K-pop film was picked up by Fox and will be directed by Seoul Searching’s Benson Lee and written by Elyse Hollander, with Scooter Braun and James Shin producing. Elyse Hollander’s past writing credits include Blonde Ambition and Murder on the Dance Floor.

“We’ve found great partners in Epic and Fox 2000 to showcase the world of K-pop,” Braun said, according to Variety. “We are excited to tap into Elyse’s talent to pull back the curtain on the genre at a time when it’s on the rise globally and give fans a story fueled by the excitement of K-pop music.”

“Scooter Braun is the perfect person to help audiences experience the thrill and wildness of K-pop,” said Joshua Davis, who alongside Arthur Spector is also producing the film on behalf of Epic Magazine. “He’s a visionary in the music space, and Epic couldn’t have found a better partner in our quest to tell this incredible story.”

Braun is best known as a talent manager in music, having worked with Justin Bieber, Kanye West, and Ariana Grande. In K-pop, he has previously worked with Psy and CL. Braun’s working relationship with CL has been controversial among some fans who’ve accused him of blocking the release of new music. Last year, Braun purchased Taylor Swift’s master recordings, and was heavily criticsed by the singer.Back in June, photos and video clips of rookie Korean rock group 2Z began cropping up often on K-pop stan Twitter. But it wasn’t only the band’s feel-good music or striking visuals that were attracting attention — it was their public support for Black Lives Matter, which at the time was a rarity among Korean idols.

On June 1, 2Z shared a photo on Instagram of members Hojin, Jiseob, Junghyun, and Bumjun kneeling in a practice room. Their heads were down in honor of George Floyd, who was killed by police on May 25, sparking months of protests and calls to defund the police. “No racism, no violence, we want peace,” their caption read in English.

At that point, many bigger acts in the Korean popular music industry had been silent about Black Lives Matter, despite ceaseless requests from international fans to use their platforms to bring awareness to anti-Black racism — especially as beneficiaries of Black culture and music, both of which are embedded in much of Korean idol music. In that landscape, 2Z’s candid stance in support of the Black community, especially as a rookie group, came as a pleasant and encouraging surprise. Black fans began sharing more information about 2Z on Twitter, appreciating both their willingness to engage in issues fans care about, and their more rock-oriented sound.

The decision to post the image came after 2Z listened to their small but active fanbase. “A fan DMed us on Instagram and asked us to participate in a campaign to give influence and comfort as an uprising band. In the last sentence of the message, the sender expressed that 2Z had a lot of African American fans in the community,” band leader and drummer Bumjun tells Teen Vogue. “Before the issue, we knew that the news of George Floyd was a heartbreaking moment for all people across the world and a rapid movement of protests was taking place across the world. We believe that there is no value in the world that can exceed the value of a human.”

After seeing the impact that a simple message of unity can make, Bumjun says, “We have learned that through thick and thin, we are able to overcome anything if we are to work as one.”

Signed to agency Morph Management and music label GOGO2020, the group of models/musicians first debuted as K-rock band 2Z with five members: Bumjun, Hyunwoong, Hojin, Jiseob, and Junghyun on January 14, 2020. Main rapper Hyunwoong left the group in June to pursue other projects, but they’ve since added new member ZUNON to round out the fivesome. In the eight months since debut, they've set out to make a name for themselves in the Korean music industry and abroad. Their performance style trades flawless choreography and hip-hop stylings for guitars, drums, and rock ‘n roll glamour.

Despite being a rock band in name, the guys don’t want to limit themselves or their creative potential to just one genre. “Any new upcoming group will try to find their own niche whether it is in the music industry, filming industry, etc,” says Hojin, the main vocalist of 2Z. “We want to find the sweet spot where K-pop and K-rock could collide and form a new genre of music. The number one priority of our group is to share music with our fans.”

2Z’s fans are cleverly dubbed “FromA,” a moniker that guitarist Jiseob says, “just sort of happened” when they heard the common English phrase “from A to Z” while hanging out with their producers.Boy band Ninety One from Kazakhstan were the pioneers of the Q-pop genre – pop sung in Kazakh – with the release of their debut song, Ayptama, in 2015.However, alongside this master plan, a number of other factors also propelled K-pop into the stratosphere, including the country’s early adoption of high-speed internet and local social-media platforms (long before Facebook or Twitter had been invented), and the global expansion of social media that followed.

‘The fan stuff rose in tandem with the internet and social media,’ Hong says.

The question now, given the sheer power of the K-pop stans, is how that power is used. And by whom. The answer is not always clear.

On one hand, good can come out of it. Erika Overton points me to a map listing the hundreds of BTS-fan charity projects around the world. ‘As an organised and a cohesive force, we are starting to recognise that there’s a lot that could be done here with this amount of power,’ Overton says. She calls it ‘flexing the power of the fandom’.

But the aforementioned lack of clarity is where the danger lies. In fact, Euny Hong believes that there are certain parallels with the recruitment of terrorists. This is because, while K-pop fans may sometimes appear to act as a homogenous group, the pattern is more complex than that. In reality, they celebrate their individuality before suddenly coming together as a flock (for example, to support their chosen pop groups or political causes) – and then they disperse once again. ‘You can recruit [terrorists] remotely in a way that’s untraceable because they’re actually pretty autonomous,’ explains Hong. ‘K-pop is similar. They seem to be acting as a hive, all based on these cells, and there is… the possibility of transmission of ideas between themselves.

‘It just happens now that there is a huge anger and backlash against Trump. But it’s impossible to be certain and optimistic that it will always be used for justice and equality, fighting racism and taking on good causes.’

Isil, President Trump and K-pop – it seems outrageous to lump them together. But what all three do have in common is an understanding of the power of online communities to recruit and motivate passionate members or supporters around the world.

For young people who feel politically under-represented, the digital activism of K-pop stans to date may be a taste of things to come. Because above all, K-pop has taught its fans that if they want to effect change, then they must vote. ‘Often fans have had to band together to vote for award shows, [or] to organise to break [sales] records,’ says Emily Wang, a 21-year-old stan, who lives in Vancouver. ‘K-pop stans have long been armed with the ability to assemble and organise over a short period of time, so this is quite the transferable skill, even when it comes to non-K-pop political events.’

Certainly something seems to be brewing. November’s election may be too soon, Trump too adept an online adversary. But that doesn’t mean the political world does not need to sit up and listen.

‘This is the most effective, non-violent, and sincere social movement,’ argues Dal Yong Jin, a professor at Simon Fraser University’s School of Communication. ‘Over the next several years, this kind of online protest… will be the new social movement that young people who live online every day pursue in order to achieve social justice. Fandom activities will influence younger generations to participate in political actions, including their voting rights. They are becoming bigger and more significant.My Hero Academia is one of the biggest anime out there doing it, so it only makes sense for the show to have famous fans. A slew of pro athletes have shown their love for Izuku and All Might online, and it seems K-pop stars are getting in on the action. After all, fans cannot help but compare one idol's looks to those of Shoto Todoroki these days, and it is hard to miss it.

The discussion began after Super M put out a set of new concept photos ahead of their next single. The mega-group features some of the biggest artists at SM Entertainment, and this includes Taeyong of NCT. The rapper was given a new hairdo in honor of the comeback, and the look mirrors that of Todoroki.

You can see the comparison below as fans were quick to note how similar the styles are. Taeyong is rocking red-and-white hair that is split right down the middle. The hair to the right of his part is red while the other side is white. His hair is also pushed back to give his hair a bit of volume, but its color scheme matches Todoroki really well. In fact, the only difference is that Todoroki's mixed-matched colors are swapped on Taeyong.

Fans online were quick to geek over the presumed reference, and this would not be the first time K-pop has paid homage to anime. The industry has borrowed from anime before either in style or fan-events. In the past, BTS has referenced a whole host of shows like Naruto and My Hero Academia, so fans are hoping Taeyong's stylists were intentional with this PLUS ULTRA makeover.

Do you see the resemblance between the pair here? Should this be called an accidental cosplay or a real homage? Let me know in the comments or hit me up on Twitter @MeganPetersCB to talk all things comics and anime!The pandemic continues to put plans on pause. Changmin, a member of South Korean pop duo TVXQ, has pushed back his wedding.

Also known by his stage name Max Changmin, the 32-year-old was reported to be marrying his non-celebrity girlfriend. He had announced the news in a handwritten letter to fans in June and TVXQ's management agency SM Entertainment also confirmed it in a statement.

However, on Thursday (Aug 27), the agency said the wedding, originally scheduled to take place on Sept 5, has been postponed. The decision was made following a recent surge in Covid-19 cases in South Korea.

According to South Korean entertainment news portal Soompi, SM Entertainment cited "concerns over the spread of Covid-19" and said the singer is planning on a "new date following discussions with (his and his fiancee's) families". – The Straits Times/Asia News NetworkPick a track from the album MORE & MORE by TWICE:HyunA has been having fainting episodes, and her label is postponing the release of her new single until she recovers.While most K-pop choreographies are based in more hip hop style dance than classical or ballet-type movements, there’s no denying that a foundation in classical dance lends a special grace and power to movement that you’re hard-pressed to find anywhere else — and these 10 idols are living proof! Their classical training makes them totally eye-catching on stage, and there’s just something special about the way they execute choreographies with fluidity and precision. In no particular order, here are 10 idols whose classical training has definitely paid off.

Rachel was added to APRIL’s lineup a little after the group’s debut, and her incredible dance skills were definitely a great addition to this talented group of girls! She was trained in ballet all throughout her childhood and was so lauded for her abilities that she even won dance competitions. The video above may be short, but it’s just a taste of what she can do when it comes to her classical dance capabilities!

It’s pretty well-known among NCTzens and WayZenNis that WinWin was trained for many years at the elite and exclusive Beijing Dance Academy in classical Chinese dance before he moved to South Korea to pursue his dreams of becoming a K-pop idol, but in case you didn’t know — the video really speaks for itself! WinWin’s gorgeous form and graceful movements are pretty much an instant standout to anyone with an eye for dance.

She may be the youngest in Lovelyz, but Yein’s dance skills are no small feat! Her background in ballet, traditional, and modern dance styles enabled her to perform this stunning piece on the “Queendom” stage last year, impressing even the the most seasoned stars. Her training really shines through in group stages as well, where her focused movements and delicate lines are an instant eye-catcher.

Former Wanna One member (and now successful soloist) Kang Daniel showed off some pretty incredible dance skills during his time on “Produce 101,” but that’s not all this idol is capable of. His dedication to dance training pre-debut is practically unparalleled, taking classes in all sorts of styles from ballet to modern to b-boying. His hard work has certainly paid off — all of the training has meshed together to create a powerful but precise style that’s unique to him.

Like WinWin, f(x)’s leader Victoria trained at the Beijing Dance Academy studying Chinese traditional dance before she moved to South Korea to start her career as an idol. Her extensive training has made her into one of the most versatile dancers in the industry, as showcased in this video. The combination of hip-hop moves with just some of Victoria’s classical dance skills make her a real standout, even among other professional dancers.

N, the leader of VIXX, has had an incredibly varied dance background. The ballet, contemporary, and hip-hop influences of his training all make an appearance in his own choreography, lending themselves to his performances with power and fluidity. His movements are so enthralling that it’s really hard to take your eyes off of him whenever he’s on stage! There’s no denying that he’s a real multi-talented idol.

ELRIS’s Yukyung actually started her performance career in traditional Korean dance, training for many years throughout her childhood and even winning prizes for her prowess. She’s now the group’s main dancer, and her training has clearly aided her well! She’s reportedly the member that learns choreography the most quickly, and her graceful dance moves are truly a beauty to watch on stage.

This particular choreography is the perfect example of what makes EXO’s Kai such an amazing dancer — it combines turns and leaps from the classical ballet world with sharper hip-hop and contemporary-based movements, taking advantage of Kai’s extensive dance training in a multitude of styles. His dance skills are well-known for a reason, and his mastery of many difficult techniques across different genres is truly incredible.

TWICE’s Mina studied ballet for a shocking 11 years before her debut as a main dancer in TWICE, and she’s clearly got a lot of skills to show for it. Her ability to freestyle her own ballet choreography is pretty impressive in and of itself, but she’s also featured in several special stages that showcase her gorgeous ballet dance capabilities over the course of her career as an idol. Her delicate but confident movements are one of her best features as a performer!

BTS’s Jimin has always had a certain elegance to his dance onstage, likely stemming from his years of training in ballet, modern, and contemporary dance (just to name a few.) While his hip-hop skills are undeniable, he really shines in more fluid, classical-inspired pieces. No matter what he does, the foundations of his ballet training always seem to make an appearance (ARMYs will recognize his ballet “first position” feet when he’s standing still!), and his performances are simply breathtaking.

Can you name any other K-pop idols with classical dance backgrounds? Let us know in the comments!To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.If you’re looking for fried chicken then Chick ’n’ Sours is a pretty damn good place to head. There you ll find the perfect crunch of batter, and flavours featuring seaweed seasoning, katsu spice and sriracha mayonnaise. Want to have a go at recreating one the mini-chain’s classics at home? Look no further than this burger recipe.

What you need

Six burger buns, split and toasted.

A few good handfuls of shredded iceberg lettuce, to serve.

For the sauces

75g mayonnaise.

15g gochujang (Korean chilli paste) or another Asian chilli sauce.

A squeeze of lime juice, to taste.

75g soured cream.

1tbsp sriracha chilli sauce.

For the slaw

Juice of two limes.

One red chilli (deseeded if you like), finely chopped.

2tsp fish sauce.

2tsp palm or light brown sugar.

About 100g bean sprouts.

One carrot, about 90g, shredded.

75g daikon (mooli), shredded, or trimmed and shredded radishes.

3tbsp chopped coriander leaves.

For the chicken

Six skinless and boneless chicken thigh fillets, trimmed.

60g plain flour.

75g rice flour or dried rice, ground to a fine powder in a spice mill.

30g cornflour.

One large egg.

120ml milk.

About two litres vegetable oil, for frying.

What you need to do

1. For the sauces, whisk the mayonnaise and gochujang together in a small bowl, adding lime juice to taste. Whisk the soured cream and sriracha in another bowl, tasting and adding lime as needed. Cover both and chill until ready to build. They can be made a couple of hours ahead.

2. To make the slaw, mix the lime juice, chopped chilli, fish sauce and palm sugar in a big bowl, whisking to dissolve. Blanch the bean sprouts by dunking them briefly in boiling water, then drain, refresh quickly in cold water, and pat dry. Add to the bowl with the rest of the slaw ingredients and toss to coat.

3. Put the chicken fillets in between two pieces of cling film and bash to an even thickness (1cm) with a rolling pin. Sift the flours and one teaspoon of salt into a mixing bowl and mix well. In another bowl, whisk the egg and milk together. Take one of the pieces of chicken and toss in the flour, making sure to cover all surfaces. Shake off the excess then drop into the egg wash to coat. Lift it out and let the excess liquid run off then put the chicken back into the flour mixture. Toss to coat again then transfer to a baking tray lined with a sprinkle of the flour mixture (to soak up excess moisture). Repeat with the remaining pieces of chicken until all six are coated. Do all of this up to an hour before cooking and keep in the fridge.

4. Heat about 5cm of vegetable oil in a big, deep frying pan. You want it hot but not smoking, test with a cook’s thermometer to reach 170C or drop a small piece of bread in the oil, once ready it will take about a minute to turn golden brown.

5. Add half the chicken to the oil and cook for about three to four minutes before turning over and cooking for another four minutes until crisp and golden on both sides. Cut into the thickest part of the chicken to make sure it’s cooked through. Once they’re cooked, transfer to a baking tray lined with kitchen paper to soak up any excess oil and keep warm in a low oven while you cook the second batch.

6. Drain the slaw of any liquid that has collected at the bottom of the bowl. Spread the sriracha soured cream on to the toasted base of the buns; top with a handful of shredded iceberg lettuce. Place the cooked chicken on top then pile on a mound of the drained spicy slaw. Spoon the gochujang mayonnaise over, then top with the bun lid.

Read the recipes for more iconic London dishes.CLEVELAND, Ohio - Monsta X, second in the K-Pop ranks only to BTS, plays a combined English- and Korean-language “Live From Seoul With Luv” show, featuring songs from this year’s “All About Luv” album, at 11 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8, via LiveXLive.com. Tickets start at $20.

Other events (all subject to change):
• The European Metal Festival Alliance has pulled together 13 festivals from throughout the continent for archival performances running Friday through Sunday, Aug. 7-9, plus new interviews with Dee Snider, Jamey Jasta, Devin Townsend, Lacuna Coil's Cristina Scabia and others. $6.66 through metalfestivalliance.com.
• The Mowgli's have loaded a new Augmented Reality concert from the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn to help launch its new app, available to all devices or via onelink.to/mowglis.
• Marvelous hosts a Digital Dance Workshop at 2 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, via the SummerStage Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitch pages. SummerStage.org.
• Elton John offers up another archival performance at 3 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, via his YouTube channel. youtube.com/user/EltonJohn
• Country star Luke Bryan celebrates the release of his new album, “Born Here Live Here Die Here” with a live performance and Q&A at 6 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, via Amazon Music.
• Country bluesman Corey Harris performs virtually as part of the Ark's Family Room Series at 6:30 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, via the ark.org/ark-family-room-series. Free, with donations accepted for the artist and venue.
• The Metropolitan Opera's nightly streaming series features Wagner's "Parsifal" from 1992 on Friday, Aug. 7, Handel's "Agrippina" from this past February on Saturday, Aug. 8 and Mozart's "Don Giovanni from 2016 -- all at 7:30 p.m. via metopera.org and MET Opera on Demand social apps
• The Grateful Dead's Rex Foundation continues its Daze Between celebration of the late Jerry Garcia with free webcasts at 7:30 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, 6:30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8 and 1:30 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 9 via nugs.tv. Sunday admission is $24.99. Friday features a Grateful Dead "Shakedown Stream" program starting with the group's Bob Weir at 8 p.m. More info and updates at DazeBetween.com

.
• Hard-rock troupe Between the Buried and Me plays its entire “Colors” album at 8 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, via twitch.tv/btbamoffical.
• The Weeknd’s “The Weeknd Experience,” at 8:30 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, on TikTok, features a digital avatar of the singer performing songs from his latest album, “After Hours,” with 3D renderings, picture-in-picture video, audience interaction and more. Money will be raised for the Equal Justice Initiative. tiktok.com/@theweeknd
• Greensky Bluegrass launches The Leap Year Sessions series at 9 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7, with weekly shows through Sept. 25. $14.95 per show, $99.95 for all eight via hify.com/greensky.
• The Bill Frisell Trio streams live from the Village Vanguard in New York at 9 p.m. Friday, Aug. 7. $10. villagevanguard.com.
• Sublime With Rome plays from the County Fairgrounds in Ventura, Calif, at midnight on Friday, Aug. 7, via nocapshows.com. $15.
• Britain’s Clean Bandit will be joined by a number of friends from the electronic music realm for “House Party Against Hunger,” a 12-hour DJ festival starting at 7 a.m. Saturday, Aug. 8, via the group’s YouTube Channel.
• Progstock's online series features members of Stick Men, Mystery, the Carl Palmer Band, Pattern-Seeking Animals and others at 5 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8. Tickets are available via stageit.com/ProgStock. More information and updates at ProgStock.com.
• Shabaka Hutchings plays jazz for a SummerStage Anywhere Session at 5 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8, via the SummerStage Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitch pages. SummerStage.org.
• A pair of Grammy Award-winning jazz legends -- drummer Terri Lynne Carrington and pianist Danilo Perez -- collaborate for a streaming concert at 8 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8, via thecarcenter.org, which will include pieces dedicated to Tony Morrison, Dr. Angela Y. Davis and Charlie Parker. bit.ly/2D7Dtyl.
• Dead & Company streams an archival concert, free, at 8 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8, via nugs.tv.
• Country rockers the Steel Woods play from 3rd and Lindsley in Nashville at 8 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8, via nugs.tv.
• The Rolling Stones unearth another archival concert for “Extra Licks,” 3 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 9, on the group’s YouTube page. youtube.com/user/TheRollingStones
• The rootsy quartet Parsonsfield joins the Ark's Family Room Series at 7:30 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 9, via the ark.org/ark-family-room-series. Free, with donations accepted for the artist and venue
• Widespread Panic’s “Never Miss a Sunday Show” series continues at 8 p.m. Aug. 9, via nugs.tv, supporting Nuci’s Space and Conscious Alliance.
• G. Love & Friends, including the Organically Good Trio featuring DELA, come in live from Rhode Island’s Misquamicut Drive-In at 8 p.m. Monday, Aug. 10, via nocapshows.com. $10.
• Metallica will stream another archival concert in its Metallica Mondays series at on Monday, Aug.10, on its Facebook page and YouTube channel and via nugs.tv.
• The second episode of Wilson frontman Chad Nicefield's "HACKS: How Did You Make That?" songwriting session examines Shinedown's "Who Do You Love?" Scott Stevents at 7 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 11. Admission is $15 and limited to 35 participants, with proceeds going to the National Independent Venue Association. Tickets available via https://fundo.area120.com/hacks/#/home
• The duo Trout Fishing in America swims into the Ark's Family Room Series at 8 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 11, via the ark.org/ark-family-room-series. Free, with donations accepted for the artist and venue.
• Tunisian singer Emel Mathlouthi performs a SummerStage Anywhere Session at 8 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 11, via the SummerStage Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitch pages. SummerStage.org.
• Former Talking Heads drummer Chris Frantz talks about his new book, "Remain In Love," for a SummerStage Culture Talk at 8 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 12, via the SummerStage Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitch pages. SummerStage.org.
• Singer-songwriter Emerson Hart hits the virtual boards at 9 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 12, for a show via veeps.com. $10-$70.
• Claude Von Stroke is joined by U.K. electronic mainstay GAWP for a Dirtybird LIve session at 10 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 9, on twitch.tv/dirtybird.
• Lost Desert Live features Tim Green and others for a 13-hour festival starting at 2 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 9 via twitch.tv/alldayidreamof.

The Who launches a six-week “Join Together @ Home” streaming concert series at 1 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 8, with five songs from its 1982 show from New York’s Shea Stadium on the group’s YouTube channel. Donations will be encouraged for the Eeenage Cancer Trust and Teen Cancer America.

The Cadillac Three curates a new “Live From the Basement” concert series that kicks off Thursday, Aug. 13 and runs through September with performances by the Wild Feathers, Lillie Mae, Drake White, Bare Jr. and more, with proceeds benefiting Second Harvest. CountryFuzzPresents.com for tickets and updates.

British singer Charli XCX highlights songs from her new album, “How I’m Feeling Now,” at 6 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 13, via Boiler Room TV. Admission is $5, with proceeds going to the LA Alliance For Human Rights.

The annual Detroit Bass Day, organized by Kern Brantley, goes online this year, starting at 5 p.m. via Facebook, YouTube and Hyped Up Live Studios. Players contributing virtual performances this year include Ralphe Armstrong, Nate Watts, Robert Hurst, Takashi Iio, Emily Rogers, James Simonson and more.

Claude Von Stroke is joined by U.K. electronic mainstay GAWP for a Dirtybird LIve session at 10 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 9, on twitch.tv/dirtybird

Lost Desert Live features Tim Green and others for a 13-hour festival starting at 2 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 9 via twitch.tv/alldayidreamof.SEOUL -- Bang Si-hyuk has, by his own account, spent much of his early career fighting the South Korean music industry. Now the man behind BTS, the most successful pop group in the country's history, is ready for an even bigger challenge: taking his talent agency public in the midst of a pandemic.

Bang, a composer and producer, founded Big Hit in 2005 as a challenger to the three established giants of South Korean pop music: SM Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and YG Entertainment.

Last week Big Hit received the green light to list on Kospi, the country's main stock trading board. Analysts expect that the company behind BTS -- a band with a fan base that numbers in the millions and a measurable impact on GDP -- will hit a market cap of more than 3 trillion won ($2.5 billion), which would make it the No. 1 entertainment company in the country. The IPO is expected to be completed this year.

"We forecast Big Hit's corporate value will mark more than 3 trillion won on the condition that it makes around 100 billion won of operating profit," said Kim Hyun-yong, an analyst at eBest Securities. "It is inevitable to see that its profit will drop in 2020 due to the coronavirus, but it is possible to recover to the 2019 level one year after it lists."

Bang, who studied at the prestigious Seoul National University in the 1990s, founded Big Hit after working at current rival JYP for eight years. In a speech to students last year, he spoke of the anger that got him to where he is today.

"The music industry was not fair, and I was angry with it. I will fight to make sure workers in the industry are treated and paid fairly," Bang said. "You may face unfair and unreasonable moments in your journey. I hope you get angry and fight against them, changing the society."

As CEO of Big Hit, Bang was instrumental in creating its biggest asset, BTS. He scouted the group's leader, known as RM, and even came up with its name, which means "bulletproof boys" in Korean, earning Bang the nickname "the father of BTS."

Bang controls a leading 43.4% stake in Big Hit, while game developer Netmarble is the No. 2 shareholder, with a 25.1% share. Netmarble Chairman Bang Jun-hyuk is a relative of Bang Si-hyuk.

Despite numerous concert cancellations due to the coronavirus pandemic, Big Hit posted a 49.7 billion won operating profit in the first half of this year on 294 billion won of revenue.

One reason the agency's listing is attracting so much attention is because of its dominant position in the K-pop industry, which itself is gaining a greater presence on the global stage. BTS is the first and only Korean act to sell more than 20 million albums, and measured by album sales and concert attendance, the group accounts for about 30% of the entire K-pop industry.

The seven-member band has taken the world by storm, topping the Billboard 200 chart three times in 2018 and 2019 with "Map of the soul: Persona," "Love Yourself Tear" and "Love Yourself Answer."

BTS's overall economic impact is even bigger than its direct earnings. According to the Hyundai Economic Institute, BTS attracted 800,000 tourists to South Korea in 2018, adding 4.1 trillion won to the national economy. On the cultural front, BTS became the first K-pop group to speak at the United Nations in 2018, with a speech aimed at empowering the world's youth.

Even the fan base, known as the "BTS Army" for its size and loyalty, can grab headlines. In June, U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, was embarrassingly underattended, with just 6,200 people showing up at the 19,000-seat stadium despite his campaign's claim that over a million people had requested tickets.

Teenagers on TikTok and self-proclaimed K-pop "stans," as particularly enthusiastic fans are known, soon took the credit, saying they had encouraged people to reserve seats for the rally without any intention of attending.

While most of Big Hit's revenue comes from BTS, the company is also attempting to reduce its reliance on the band. In 2019, the agency launched a five-member boy band called TXT, and in May, the company bought Pledis Entertainment, a smaller agency that manages eight-member girl group After School and others.

Analysts say a successful IPO would be good news not only for Big Hit but also for the broader South Korean entertainment industry, which has had to invest heavily in new, non-contact platforms due to the pandemic.

Naver, the country's No. 1 internet company, announced this month that it will invest 100 billion won in SM and support live streaming and community platform technology for the company. Naver and SM signed a strategic partnership in April with the aim of better cracking the global market.

JYP, meanwhile, is targeting the Japanese market. It plans to launch a nine-member Japanese girl group called NiziU this fall in cooperation with Sony Music. NiziU has already garnered 1.1 million YouTube subscribers with its single "Make You Happy" ahead of the group's official launch.

The K-pop industry exported $639.7 million worth of content last year, up 13.4% from the year before, thanks to the success of groups like BTS, Blackpink and SuperM in the North American market, according to Korea Creative Content Agency.

While the coronavirus is casting a shadow over the K-pop industry, analysts say the decline will be temporary -- and that BTS is still on the rise.

"It is clear that BTS has not reached its peak yet and is growing," said Kim at eBest. "Big Hit minimized losses from canceled concerts by selling albums and sound sources."The beauty of K-pop bands is that there are always new ones popping up. There have already been several debuts in 2020 and we're only halfway through. Every day a new group sets out to be the next BTS or Blackpink, and every single one of these singers is so talented! We took a look at the new bands that have debuted this year and pulled nine that we're considering our favorites right now, but we can't wait to see what other newness we get in the rest of 2020. Scroll through to hear the best the K-pop world has to offer this year.Toutes les performances, chant comme danse, ont été réalisées en solo, dans l’esprit même de la compétition qui vise à lutter contre le coronavirus en restant chez soi («Mijanona ao an-trano »). Les participants ont montré d’excellentes chorégraphies sur les récents morceaux des stars de K-pop comme BTS et Blackpink. Les covers des chansons étaient plus qu’excellents. Pour l’étape finale, les 60 finalistes auront à chanter ou danser sur des morceaux présélectionnés par le public et le jury.

L’Ambassadeur LIM Sang-Woo, de la République de Corée, espère que « non seulement, à travers ce KPOP Lockdown Contest, on pourra mieux apprécier la K-pop et arriver à lutter contre certains aspects du confinement dont l’isolement, mais également et surtout qu’on puisse, en restant chez soi, aider notre environnement à réduire le nombre de contaminés. ».Miller’s tweet was in response to the low audience turnout at President Donald Trump’s rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The President had boasted that an expected million people had reserved tickets, but according to official numbers, fewer than 6,200 people attended the rally. Republicans were quick to claim the discrepancy in numbers-count was the result of alleged foreign interference conducted by K-pop fans. Now, who are these Big Time Socialists, what is K-pop, and is this so-called “Army” actually an organization aimed to undermine American politics?

Despite what the misguided and the misinformed may claim, K-pop is not an organization that is a threat to American sovereignty. K-Pop is a genre of pop music originating from South Korea, ‘Big Time Socialists’ is just the name conceived by Miller for a highly popular Korean boy band — best known as Bangtan Boys/Beyond the Scene. The alleged foreign agent group — the BTS “Army” — is only the boisterous nickname of the BTS’s fanbase. Fan bases having nicknames is not anything new, either as fans of The Grateful Dead are known as Dead Heads, or as Lady Gaga fans are known as Little Monsters. Unlike some band followings though, K-pop fans have their own unique reputation and presence online — they’re highly organized. For years and to the chagrin of many online, K-pop fans have been well-known for their tendency to take over social media trends and flood hashtags with fancams. Fancams are short videos edited by fans that typically feature their respective and favorite band member(s). The purpose of this behavior is to advertise their favorite idols to an international audience and ultimately make K-pop more accessible to fans living outside of South Korea.

Since the murder of George Floyd on May 25th in Minneapolis, K-pop fans have diverted their attention and spamming abilities into a unique form of online activism. Changing their focus from randomly flooding already trending hashtags, K-pop fans began using their platform to deter racist efforts. The movement arose when several police departments throughout the nation asked the public to submit videos of allegedly “illegal activities” occurring at anti-racial injustice protests which would help them identify protestors. To deter and slow down police efforts to arrest protestors, K-pop fans en masse launched their ingenious counterattack. They spammed the servers with irrelevant video clips of dancing Korean musicians instead and eventually crashed the servers. K-Pop fans continued their anti-racism activism on numerous social media sites such as Instagram, Tiktok, and Twitter, where they utilized their collective energy to target and overwhelm Alt-Right hashtags such as #WhiteLivesMatter and #MAGA, which were originally used to propagate and foment White supremacist rhetoric.

The efforts of the K-pop fandom to support Black Lives Matter has not gone unnoticed by Korean musicians either. As the protests have continued, some K-Pop stars have shown their support for the movement. On Thursday, June 3rd, the aforementioned boy band BTS announced that they were donating 1 million dollars to Black Lives Matter. In response, the band’s official fan collective ‘One In An Army’ initiated their own million-dollar fundraiser campaign under the hashtag #MatchAMillion. In only a few days, their Twitter was able to proudly announce that they had collected enough to match BTS’s donation.

While it is undeniable that K-pop fans have positively contributed to the Black Lives Matter movement with their recent acts of online activism, it is important to remember that the K-pop industry itself is notorious for appropriating and stereotyping aspects of Black culture. Racism within the K-pop fandom against Black fans is not uncommon either, which can cause some Black K-pop fans to feel very unwelcome within the community. So yes, while K-pop fans rsvp’d to the President’s rally with the intent of Do Not Attend, there aren’t any “KPOP agents/operatives” but rather just a diverse and complex fan community united by a shared love of music. And this should be music to everyone’s ears.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SEOUL - Imagine marrying into the same family as Kwon Ji-yong, also known as G-Dragon. And then your birthday rolls around, and the King of K-Pop gives you a gift - a customised motorbike that he designed himself.

The man in such an enviable position is South Korean actor Kim Min-joon. The 44-year-old married Kwon Dami, G-Dragon's sister, last October after meeting on a blind date.

In a series of Instagram Stories, Dami, 37, shared images of a recent family gathering. According to South Korean pop culture news outlet, Koreaboo, it was a joint birthday celebration for G-Dragon, Dami, and her husband.

In one of the Stories, she wrote: "Celebrating the birthdays of my husband, me, and Jiyong. We were all born in the summer"

Dami shared multiple photos of the mini-feast they enjoyed, as well as the gifts they got for each other, the most exciting being what G-Dragon gave his brother-in-law.

The customised motorbike was hand-decorated by the South Korean rapper-songwriter-fashion designer himself. For instance, he personally wrote "MIN JUN KIM", "ACTOR", and "24th JULY" on a sticker on the bike's back tail.

Dami wrote teasingly: "My kind brother's gift to his brother-in-law. What are you gonna give him, hubby?"They may be young, but they’ve got stars in their eyes, as they are already paving their way to the top of the entertainment industry.

What does it mean to be young, talented, and ambitious? Where can these factors take you? Well, no need to look further, because these K-Pop maknaes are demonstrating the answer.

No matter your age, you’re never too young or old to make your dreams come true; and that’s exactly what these young superstars have proven. They may be babies in their respective groups and in the music industry, but they walk in sync, nevertheless.

Since the K-Pop world is brimming with exceptional youngins, it would take an entire novel to enumerate them all, so for now, we’re shining the limelight on these 10 artists.

In a sky full of stars, these maknaes shine brighter than the sun. Let’s show the world what Millennials and Generation Z got!

Fresh off the electrifying launch of “Dynamite”, BTS’ maknae has yet again displayed his euphoric vocal prowess and dreamy charisma. Time after time, Jungkook has proven that he’s a man of many talents wrapped up in an adorable exterior (hello, curious doe eyes) and a beguiling demeanor, and that’s why we love him! Please let us know when someone discovers the one thing that he can’t do. Okay, thanks.

This ’99-liner radiates a sweet boyish charm that could catch anyone’s attention. Being one of the rappers and vocalists of Victon and starring in web series and K-Dramas, such as Psychopath Diary, this singer has both the voice and the acting chops to take the entertainment industry by storm. Subin is an undeniable attestation to the fact that one can actually have both looks and talent after all. (Side note: Please have purple hair always!)

When you think of the word “fierce”, which girl group comes to mind? We’ll give you a hint: It’s MAMAMOO! This K-Pop group is composed of charismatic girl bosses who know how to bring amazing music to the table. In other words, they keep it HIP! MAMAMOO is both a breath of fresh air and an unconventional fireball at the same time; they’re virtually everything you need in a girl group! Their youngest member, Hwasa, can easily be described as a Korean queen infused with fiery Latina flair. With her gorgeous golden tan, piercingly strong presence, and voluminous vocals, Hwasa brings diversity and 100% sassy charm.

Okay, but Astro is a group of models, right? We’re asking because this ensemble of 6 always shows up looking tall, dapper, and handsome! While Sanha may be the youngest member, he towers above his hyungs in terms of height. Moreover, this ’00 liner looks like an angel, dances up a storm, and stuns with his impeccable sense of fashion. Did we already mention that he looks like an angel? Because he does …

This beautiful rapper and vocalist exudes musical skill beyond her years. Just like her co-members in Red Velvet, Yeri is all about melodious music and stellar style. To add her impressive skillset, Yeri is one of those idols who has a hand in song composition. With the vivid and classy image that Red Velvet portrays, these women take empowerment to the next level. Yes, that’s how you do it, girls!

This alluring girl hails all the way from Thailand and has transformed into the sensational K-Pop icon known as Lisa of BLACKPINK. Moreover, her levels of talent when it comes to rapping and dancing, this maknae has soared to fame thanks to her unique look and legendary bangs. Her hair needs its own fan page. We’re serious.

Stray Kids debuted in 2017 and has already skyrocketed to fame with spectacular hits. Known for their skill and tenacity, this boy band is doing a great job of solidifying their superstar status. Shifting the spotlight on their maknae, I.N, it’s undeniable that he radiates some seriously magnetic vibes with every appearance he makes. With his noteworthy stage presence and cool vocal skills, this guy knows how to rock.

Born on August 1st, 2003, Seongmin debuted as the maknae of Cravity earlier this year. To be exact, we were first introduced to his star power on April 14, 2020. His young age showcases that teenagers can take on the tough yet rewarding world of the entertainment industry too. Making a striking first impression with their debut single “Break All the Rules”, this K-Pop group has spread a positive message of freeing yourself from the bonds of social norms. We can already predict that this hypnotically talented group of 9 has a ton of surprises up their sleeves for the future. We’re rooting for you guys!

Im Chang-kyun, A.K.A. I.M., propelled to fame as the rapper of one of the toughest and coolest boy bands to ever hit the music scene, Monsta X. I.M. beams with 21st Century class through his extraordinary talent, gritty gaze, and indestructible appeal. His presence simply demands attention. Don’t you agree, Monbebes?

This 23-year-old stunner is the main dancer, lead vocalist, and sub rapper of the co-ed group, KARD. Her strong personality and sophisticated persona make her one of the remarkable maknaes ever. Alongside Somin, BM, and J.Seph, this quartet makes one formidable team of superstars. The unique concept of their group is quite the standout in the sea of phenomenal K-Pop acts. Being a novelty in the entertainment industry is no easy feat to achieve, but KARD has done it seamlessly. Let’s hear you cheer, Hidden KARD!
• BTS Explosively Tops iTunes Charts Around The World With “Dynamite”

*List updated with I.N from Stray Kids and Seongmin of CravityEl 'K-pop' es un género de música coreana que está influenciado por el pop, el jazz, el hip-hop, el reggae y la electrónica, entre otros. Surgió a principios de los años 90 y desde ese momento ha tenido un crecimiento exponencial, creando un movimiento cultural seguido por millones de fans alrededor del mundo. Actualmente, este estilo de música se ha coronado como el más escuchado en YouTube en lo que va del 2020.

Existen diferentes grupos de 'K-pop' que han marcado tendencias en todo el mundo. Su estilo de música, moda, coreografía o cosmética son unas de las características que hacen de estos grupos un fenómeno distinto, innovador y revolucionario.

La cultura coreana tiene estándares de bellezas marcados por una estética muy fina. Tener la piel limpia o el pelo y la ropa con un estilo marcado, son unas de las características típicas de la moda proveniente de Corea del Sur. Estas tendencias han influido en el 'K-pop', genero el cual tiene como 'núcleo' las industrias basadas en agencias de talentos en buscas de 'korean idols' (ídolos coreanos).

Cientos de coreanos realizan audiciones buscando firmar un convenio con alguna agencia de entretenimiento. En la mayoría de los casos, estos artistasdeben realizar 'entrenamientos' en los que se les inculcan clases de canto, idiomas, baile y de lenguaje. El fin de estas lecciones es crear el prototipo de un artista 'casi perfecto'.

De este tipo de proceso han surgido grupos musicales de la talla de BTS, EXO y Girls' generation. La estrategia de negocio del 'K-pop' no se limita solamente a la música, estos artistas generan gran cantidad de contenido en las redes sociales y medios de comunicación, en la que demuestran lo que representan dentro de su cultura, así como lo que viven en su entorno casi en el día a día.

Una de las características principales de los fanáticos del 'K-pop' es su fidelidad y la devoción con la que siguen y apoyan a sus grupos favoritos. Según un análisis realizado por 'Kworb.net' dos de los primeros tres grupos/artistas más escuchados entre el primero de enero y el 26 de agosto del 2020 en YouTube pertenecen al género de música surcoreano.

Estos números muestran cómo el 'K-pop' ha destronado al reggaeton del podio de la música internacional. No obstante, en el top cinco, tres de los artistas son raggaetoneros.

Este grupo ha roto diferentes récords, entre ellos podemos destacar que en el 2018 con la canción 'Black Swan' superaron a 'Hello' de Adele como el tema musical con mayor cantidad de países en las que ocupó el primer lugar, BTS logró hacerlo en 104 naciones. De igual forma, el 21 de agosto de este año, el grupo estrenó 'Dynamite', canción con la que volvió a superar a Adele, esta vez como la pieza musical con más vistas y visualizaciones en una semana en la historia de Youtube.

Esta banda fue formada en el 2010 en Seúl, capital de Corea del Sur y está compuesta por siete artistas masculinos: Jin, Suga, J-Hope, RM, Jimin, V y Jungkook. Su influencia en la música mundial los corona como los artistas más vistos de lo que va de este 2020.

Si BTS está compuesto solo por hombres, BlackPink lo está solo de mujeres, siendo el tercer grupo de artistas con más visualizaciones en YouTube en lo que va del 2020. BlackPink está integrado por cuatro cantantes: Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé y Lisa.

A pesar de que debutó el 8 de agosto del 2016, en poco tiempo se ha convertido en uno de los principales grupos musicales a nivel mundial. El 26 de junio estrenó su canción 'How you like that', rompiendo cinco Récords Guinnes el mismo día que salió.

Fue reproducido 86.3 millones de veces durante sus primeras 24 horas, convirtiéndose en el vídeo de YouTube más visto, el vídeo musical más visto y el vídeo de 'K-pop' más reproducido. De igual forma, dicho lanzamiento fue realizado 'en vivo', siendo visto por 1.66 millones de usuarios, convirtiéndose en el estreno de vídeo más visto y el estreno de vídeo musical más visto.

Este viernes BlackPink estrenó 'Ice Cream', un nuevo tema musical en compañía con la cantante Selena Gómez. Durante gran parte del día ha sido el tema más hablado en la red socialTwitter.MANY upper middle class and middle class Filipinos have found comfort in two things—K-pop and/or K-drama and ordering food—in quarantine.

As far as I know, the first K-pop concert took place in the Philippines in 2010. Someone told me this wasn’t the case since SHINee (minus member Taemin) had been here a year before that. But it was for the Korean Cultural Festival, which wasn’t technically a concert.

Since then, K-pop has become part of the Philippine entertainment scene, particularly at this time when many people are just home and waiting for the pandemic to be over or the vaccine for Covid-19 to be developed, whichever comes first.

Globe Kmmunity PH started out as a Facebook community group for Globe’s K-pop concert goers. If you don’t know yet, Globe Telecom has sponsored many K-pop concerts for years. The Facebook group has since evolved into a platform where fans of Korean culture can mingle with each other and share their love for all things Korean. The Facebook group also shares exclusive members-only perks.

Here is more good news for those who are part of this community: Globe Kmmunity PH is expanding its content with new and exciting channels and partners. “Globe Kmmunity PH is excited to have more K-fans be part of our growing community, where they can enjoy exclusive perks and gain new friends. Likewise, members will also be able to access more quality content from their favorite K-idols with our amazing new content partners, such as VLive, Viki and DIVE Studios,” said Globe Vice President for Get Entertained Tribe Jil Bausa- Go.

Social media and messaging channels will have exclusive content for fans to enjoy:
• Twitter. The official “KCulture Stan” account that posts about the latest and trending topics on anything about Korean culture
• Shopee. The marketplace for exclusive merchandise, deals and experiences from Globe and its partners
• Viber. A community that aims to organize exchange of limited-edition Korean culture items among members
• VLive. Exclusive events, fanship experiences and content featuring Korean idols. Note: Singers and members of boy and girl groups are called “idols” in Korea
• Kmmunity PH partners. Globe Kmmunity PH is also introducing new content with exclusive global platform partnerships to bring Korean culture closer to Hallyu fans.

The company recently teamed up with VLive, the No. 1 South Korean live video streaming service. Globe is VLive’s first telecommunications company partner in Southeast Asia. Under the partnership, both companies will provide exclusive K-pop idol content to millions of Globe subscribers in the Philippines.

Aside from live concerts and music videos, VLive also showcases personalized idol livestreams and even allows fans the opportunity to interact with them through chat.

Globe Kmmunity PH is also the first and exclusive Southeast Asia telecommunications partner of Viki, an on-demand video streaming app. Viki has a rich library of Korean dramas including certified global hits, such as Fight for My Way and Suspicious Partner, as well as a wide selection of other Asian content.

To further strengthen its content, Kmmunity PH is also engaging DIVE Studios, a podcast production network with studios in Seoul and Los Angeles. DIVE creates content for international K-pop fans and features artists like Eric Nam, Tablo of hip-hop group Epik High, Jae of the group Day6 and Jamie Park.

“Globe Kmmunity PH is the first community to unite Korean culture fans in the Philippines. It has been bringing the best K-culture content and K-idols closer to Filipino fans since 2015,” said Globe Vice President for Strategic Platforms and Partnerships Coco Domingo. Because we’re not going to any live concerts or fan meetings in the near future, joining Kmmunity PH is the next best thing. Even if you’re not much into interacting with others on social-media platforms, you can get news and updates about your favorites here.

A Korean drama that has kept a lot of people entertained was the recently-concluded It’s Okay Not to Be Okay. I’d describe it as the journey of three people who are all mentally and emotionally scarred toward healing. This is one of the few times that a mainstream Korean drama has tackled mental illness face on.

If there’s one thing that makes Korean entertainment unique, it’s the merch. In It’s Okay Not to Be Okay, actress Seo Ye-ji plays book author Ko Moon-young so, of course, some of the merch includes books that the character wrote in the drama. Pop Market (bit.ly/3iAtPnp) has a bundle set for all five books for P4,200 on a preorder basis. You can also get Mang Tae and Teary Key Rings, or the special Story Illustrator Package to complete your It’s Okay Not to Be Okay collection. I actually want the dinosaur key ring.

Now onto food. One of the things I miss doing is having bubble tea or a yogurt drink at Black Scoop Cafe in Maginhawa Street or SM City North Edsa after work with my daughter. With the quarantine and all that’s happening, this is something I haven’t done in a while. So we recently ordered some drinks and food (their chicken wings are quite good) via Lalamove. You can also order Black Scoop from Foodpanda and Grab Food. If you live far from a Black Scoop Cafe, you can order using Grab Pabili or Lalamove’s Pabili Service.

We discovered Black Scoop’s Pints-To-Go collection in Okinawa Brown Sugar with Pearl, Black Mascarpone with Graham, and Halo Halo Surprise. My favorite is Halo Halo Surprise because it really tastes like halo-halo.

We had a feast at home that night with our sandwiches, chicken wings, drinks and ice cream from Black Scoop Cafe. We’re still dreaming of the day when we can go there and enjoy the things we love but for now, we’re lucky and privileged to be able to stay at home.Desde o início do mês, os fãs do grupo coreano BTS têm lidado com um dilema: o ídolo Seokjin pintou os cabelos, e eles não sabem dizer se a nova cor é castanho-escuro ou ruivo.

Hoje, uma especialista no assunto decidiu resolver a questão de uma vez por todas: para o ícone ruivo Marina Ruy Barbosa, ele está ruivo, sim.

"Seokjin tá ruivo. Ponto e acabou", escreveu a atriz no Twitter, para a surpresa dos fãs.

Aliás, a surpresa foi tanta que a publicação viralizou, e Marina foi parar no primeiro lugar dos assuntos mais comentados do Twitter Brasil. "Rolê mais aleatório de hoje foi a marina Ruy Barbosa falando que o seokjin tá ruivo, fui até conferir pra ver se não era conta fake. Mas a verdade tá dita, se a Marina disse que ele tá ruivo então é FATO, e quem discordar é daltônico." rolê mais aleatório de hoje foi a marina Ruy Barbosa falando que o seokjin tá ruivo, fui até conferir pra ver se não era conta fake. Mas a verdade tá dita, se a Marina disse que ele tá ruivo então é FATO, e quem discordar é daltônico KKKKKK pic.twitter.com/SzxnLk8rWN -- | ?? ?? (@Colfer5Ivana) August 10, 2020 "Se Marina Ruy Barbosa, uma das ruivas mais lindas desse Brasil, disse que kim seokjin está ruivo, quem sou eu pra discordar?" se Marina Ruy Barbosa, uma das ruivas mais lindas desse Brasil, disse que kim seokjin está ruivo quem sou eh pra discordar? pic.twitter.com/Rb8aWrvCO1 -- ; SACRIFICE (@seokgrf) August 10, 2020 Mas alguns fãs ainda discordam: "Onde é que o Seokjin tá ruivo, aquela cor é castanho escuro e quem discordar é daltônico". onde é que o seokjin ta ruivo aquela cor é castanho escuro quem discordar é daltônico pic.twitter.com/64Hv2ufKAH -- ariane? (@btskarsgards) August 10, 2020 Até a própria Marina riu: "Eu chegando em um rolê completamente aleatório". Hahahahaha eu chegando em um rolê completamente aleatório -- MARINA RUY BARBOSA (@mariruybarbosa) August 10, 2020With the debut of its unit XUM just around the corner, K-Pop group NeonPunch has decided to disband three years after their launch.

The all-female act’s agency A100 Entertainment announced the news on the group’s social media channels on August 11.

“In fact, our A100 and NeonPunch members made a comeback in May 2019 and worked hard to prepare, but their debut dates were continuously postponed due to the worsening financial situation of the company and the suspension of the activities of the two members,” it said in an online statement.

Due to the aftermath of COVID-19 and various other circumstances, it was decided that the quintet would officially disband, said A100 Entertainment.

Members Dohee and May will stop activities. A100 Entertainment revealed that Dohee will not resume activities due to personal reasons while the latter is taking a break to focus on her studies.

As for the members Dayeon, Baekah and Iaan, they will be promoting in XUM, which stands for ‘Xumething Unlimited Move’, meaning ‘infinite movement’.

The trio are slated to debut on August 25 with single ‘Ddalala’ and will be showing “a more intense performance” that’s unlike NeonPunch.

“Thank you to the NeonPunch members who have been with us for the past three years, and please give them a lot of support for their future activities,” the agency said.

NeonPunch made their debut on June 2018. Their last comeback was in January 2019 with EP ‘Watch Out’.British K-Pop artist and reality TV star, Oli London has come out claiming he is Korean on his new TV series ‘Plastic Surgery Knifemares’ on the UK’s 5Star TV network. Oli, who is best known for his appearances on U.S. TV shows Dr. Phil, Botched and Daily Mail TV revealed the extreme lengths he goes to look Korean including having whitening injections, Korean-made filler, laser procedures on his eyelids and shaving his bones down.

Appearing with a cardboard cutout of Jimin, whom he married in Las Vegas back in January, Oli also goes on to reveal his struggles with identity issues and self-confidence.

Oli says ”I had so many insecurities when I was younger, I would hate looking in the mirror. I would make myself throw up so I wouldn’t have to go to school. I was extremely insecure”.

He goes on to explain that his love of K-Pop and changing his image to replicate Jimin makes him happy and gives him confidence.

Since he first came to the public spotlight the British man has launched his own K-Pop career, getting millions of views on his music videos, over 75 million views on TikTok and even getting 4 top 40 singles on the itunes K-Pop chart. However, many K-Pop fans are at odds with the controversial star’s obsession with wanting to look like Jimin and he is a regular target of trolls online.

Oli is also set to appear in a new BBC series ‘Too Fat, Too Ugly, Too Asian’ which premiers August 12 on BBC 3.As you watch your favorite K-dramas and immerse yourself in every scene as if you were the main character, you might imagine a soundtrack of your choice playing in the background. If you’re a fan of both K-pop and K-dramas, you’ve probably thought about songs that you find so powerful and emotionally embedded that you could fit them right in as drama OSTs.

Here are some K-pop songs that have major K-drama OST potential!

This cute bop from Oh My Girl is all about having a crush on someone you were acquainted with for the longest time and have eventually fallen for. Sound familiar? Many dramas incorporate this trope where someone falls for their friend or two friends are secretly in love with each other. This song would be the best background music for scenes that highlight the chemistry between the two lovebirds.

Another musical life lesson is brought to you by DAY6 in “Zombie,” where they address the feeling of losing oneself in a mundane and chaotic world. Surely, this setting can be seen in a few dramas where light is shed on the burdensome pressure of society – be it studies, work, marriage, and so on – and the emptiness that plagues those who refuse to cave in.

Fitting dramas: “Incomplete Life,” “Because This Is My First Life,” “SKY Castle”

Nothing feels lonelier than being in love with someone who is already taken. It looks like SEVENTEEN knows a thing or two about it, as it’s expressed vividly through their lyrics. This scenario is common both in K-pop songs and K-dramas, where a love triangle almost always ends in heartbreak for one of the main characters.

4. VIXX – “Don’t Want To Be An Idol”

Being an idol not only means hard work, but also sacrifice, and VIXX made sure to speak up about it. When a job comes in the way of one’s social life or love life, it becomes difficult to manage and carry on at the same pace as before. Idol-themed dramas often hint at this side of living life under the spotlight, and they don’t shy away from pinpointing all the flaws that come with it through specific scenes where a song like “Don’t Want To Be An Idol” would fit like a glove.

DreamCatcher’s spooky rock sound is perfect for every thriller drama, and it gets even more bonus points for ghost storylines. Whether the main character is chasing or being chased due to unfinished business, there is always an action-filled scene that keeps viewers on their toes as they anticipate what happens next, and “Chase Me” is the perfect soundtrack to give that scene the right amount of an adrenaline rush.

While not all dramas have happy endings, some of them do, and even then, they just have to put us viewers through an agonizing roller coaster of emotions before we finally get that heartwarming ending. “Stay” perfectly embodies the feeling of longing for someone to stay by your side despite the ongoing quarrels or differences you may have.

Focusing on the theme of coming of age and how it entangles with the concept of happiness, “eight” is the OST of choice for all dramas that tackle these topics. Naturally, this beautifully-penned track can easily become the theme song for the “Reply” series.

Hwasa has always been one of the most vocal female idols out there, proving herself at every turn and never going easy on anyone who comes at her. “Maria” is another musical statement of hers where she stands high and proud of herself and acknowledges her worth. In the past couple of years, more K-dramas have been shedding light on women’s empowerment, be it in leading roles with notable attributes or careers or through an all-female leading cast. Wanna bet that “Maria” can easily slide in the background of many drama scenes with these types of characters?

Which K-pop song would make the perfect drama OST in your opinion? Let us know in the comments below!Daftar idol K-pop yang akan melangsung comeback dan debut pada Agustus 2020.This process is automatic. Your browser will redirect to your requested content shortly.

Please allow up to 5 seconds…BTS, the K-pop sensation sweeping the world, has another gig. They're "brand ambassadors" for Hyundai, and promotion certainly comes with the territory for such a title. Naturally, Hyundai is cashing in on the group's tremendous popularity, hot on the heels of the group's brief appearance at Samsung's Note 20 launch and their record-smashing single Dynamite. On Monday, Hyundai and BTS debuted a new song dedicated to the Korean automaker's upcoming Ioniq sub-brand, fittingly titled Ioniq: I'm On It.

The 2 minute, 30 second song is full of the group's trademark K-pop sounds and sprinkles in a few nods to the upcoming electric vehicles. "Better focus on what's charging me," BTS sings, followed by, "Ioniq takes me there," in the chorus. It's some in-your-face product placement, but hey, that's what brand ambassadors are for. This is a group that racked up over 100 million YouTube views of Dynamite in 24 hours. Surely, Hyundai is grinning at the chance just a couple hundred of those fans start humming "Ioniq." This song already has nearly 450,000 views in just 10 hours.

For those who need more BTS in their lives, the song is only available for download via Hyundai's website. So, yeah, when you think BTS, think Hyundai. Er, Ioniq. We'll see three vehicles fill out the Ioniq sub-brand in the next four years. Everything from a sedan to a large SUV are planned.KPop es un género musical que combina diferentes tipos de estilos como música electrónica, hip hop, rap, rock o R&B. Es una abreviación en inglés de «Korean Popular Music» o lo que es igual «Música popular Coreana», procedente de Corea del Sur.

El surgimiento de este género musical en Corea del Sur, donde es prácticamente inexistente la industria de música occidental, se remonta a la década de los 90, y fue «Taiji y Boys» el primer grupo de KPop, fundado en 1992, el primero que logró amplia repercusión.

Actualmente, uno de los grupos de KPop más populares es la banda BTS, cuyos vídeos se suelen colar en las listas de más vistos en YouTube cada año y en las de más mencionados en Twitter o seguidos en Instagram. Esta banda, que se fundó en 2010 en Seúl, está conformada por siete jóvenes de surcoreanos llamados Jin, Suga, J-Hope, RM, Jimin, V y Jungkook.

Como curiosidad, cabe señalar que el movimiento cultural del KPop utiliza una señal con los dedos entrelazando el pulgar con el índice que crea un corazón. Es lo que llaman «dedos de corazones».

Si eres amante de esta cultura musical o quieres aprender más de ella, te presentamos una lista de canales de YouTube que no te puedes perder:

-El Cartel de KPop: desde vídeos musicales de las bandas de KPop más populares, hasta cómo pronunciar correctamente el idioma para aprender a cantar sus canciones. Este canal se dedica a promover la cultura musical surcoreana para que la comunidad crezca mucho más a nivel mundial.

-KPop en español: sigue las noticias, lanzamientos, vídeos y nuevos grupos de KPop en este canal temático completamente en español con información de actualidad sobre los principales artistas de este género musical.

-KPOP Insolente: no todos es color de rosa en el mundo del Kpop, y este canal de YouTube no se detiene para decir la verdad sobre el género: destaca los peores grupos y señala hasta quién debería dejar de ser cantante KPop. Sin filtros, es un canal de insolentes comentarios sobre el mundo musical de Corea del Sur que tiene su gracia.

-Kpop Evolution: es un canal de YouTube que promueve el movimiento cultural del KPop con contenido variado: noticias, tendencias y los grupos del momento. Conoce el ranking de los mejores grupos de KPop y cómo están influyendo en el mundo.

-GRAZY GRACE: es el canal de YouTube de una cantante de KPop que puedes seguir y que además realiza un informativo con noticias sobre la cultura KPop en Corea del Sur y el mundo.

-KPOP MUSIC: es un canal de YouTube que muestra una galería de música del movimiento KPop, en la que se muestran imágenes y los últimos temas de grupos como BTS, BAP, EXO, GOT7 y más. Está completamente en coreano, por lo que debes activar los subtítulos en tu idioma si quieres saber qué dicen.Chenle from NCT Dream. He sang as a child in Austria, appeared on TV in China, then moved to Seoul to become a K-pop idol.Jay Park, who has been appointed a judge for the fourth season of The Rap of China, was born in the US but is based in South Korea.This past Friday, the VMAs announced the nominees for the ‘Best K-Pop’ category. Fans of the girl group Blackpink were surprised to see that they didn’t receive a nomination.

Blackpink is a South Korean girl group that was formed by YG Entertainment. The group consists of members Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa.

Besides BTS, Blackpink is one of the most popular K-Pop acts in the U.S. They have broken countless records with their newly released song “How You Like That.”

RELATED: 15 Things Fans Should Know About CL: The K-pop Star Dubbed 'More Influential Than Beyoncé

The song deducted at No.1 on iTunes in 60 countries, beating their own record with the song “Sour Candy,” a collaboration with Lady Gaga. Within 24 hours, “How You Like That” became the second most streamed song on Spotify worldwide, garnering 4.8 million streams the second of its release.

The group has already acquired numerous Guinness World Records. In June of 2020, Guinness World Records announced that Blackpink broke the record for "Most viewed YouTube video in 24 hours," "Most viewed music video on YouTube in 24 hours" and "Most viewed YouTube video in 24 hours by a K-pop group" for their new music video, which accumulated 86.3 million views on its first day.

Those records were previously held by BTS, another K-pop group that is widely popular. The record was held by their music video titled “Boy With Luv,” featuring Halsey.

Fans of the group were shocked to find out that Blackpink got zero nominations, despite the records they broke with “How You Like That.”

Some fans expressed their disappointment on Twitter.

Cut Off? Or Missed The Cutoff?

Blackpink is a K-pop powerhouse, so there's actually a very simple reason they didn’t make the cut for nominations. The other songs that were nominated were released in late 2019 and early 2020. Theirs is simply too recent.

For example, EXO’s song “Obsession” was released in November of 2019. (G)I-DLE’s song “Oh My God” was the latest song to be released among the contestant, with the music video coming out in April of 2020.

BlackPink’s “How You Like That” was released only a month ago, on June 26, 2020. It was probably too late for Blackpink to make it into the K-pop category this year - but the good news is, there's a good chance we'll see them there next year instead.

The 2020 VMAs on August 30, 2020, on MTV.

NEXT: 10 K-pop Artists To Listen To If You Love BTSDi Korea, es krim rasa cokelat mint masuk ke dalam kategori yang kontroversial. Namun, beberapa idol Kpop ini justru sangat menyukai es krim tersebut.

Siapa yang tak suka es krim? Dessert dengan sensasi rasa segar ini menjadi makanan favorit semua orang. Termasuk juga idol Kpop. Apalagi kini es krim dibuat dengan berbagai varian rasa, mulai dari cokelat, vanilla, strawberry dan buah-buahan lainnya.

Di Korea ada varian es krim rasa cokelat mint, yang bagi sebagian orang rasanya aneh. Menurut kebanyakan orang di sana rasa es krim tersebut mirip seperti pasta gigi. Karenanya es krim rasa cokelat mint, masuk ke dalam kategori makanan kontroversial.

Alih-alih menghindari, beberapa idol Kpop ini justru penggemar es krim tersebut. Hal tersebut diungkap sendiri oleh mereka karena banyak penggemar yang penasaran.

Seperti dilansir dari Koreaboo, berikut 5 idol Kpop yang menyukai es krim rasa cokelat mint.

Lee Ji-eun atau yang lebih dikenal dengan nama panggung IU dikenal sebagai artis sekaligus penyanyi asal Korea Selatan. Ia dikenal memiliki pola makan tertentu untuk membuat bentuk tubuhnya menjadi langsing. Dalam keseharian, ia selalu mengonsumsi makanan sehat.

Namun, di samping itu, wanita cantik kelahiran 16 Mei 1993 ini juga menyukai es krim. Es krim favoritnya adalah rasa cokelat mint. Bahkan ia pernah menawarkan rencana produk baru dalam acara fan meeting yang diadakan oleh merek cokelat pada Maret 2019.

Dalam cara tersebut, IU mengayakan jika produk tersebut sudah keluar maka akan laris manis. Kecintaannya pada es krim rasa cokelat mint ini membuat dirinya ditertawai oleh penggemarnya. Namun, IU mengatakan akan menyesal jika tidak mencoba es krim tersebut.

"Aku merasa kasihan pada mereka yang gak merasakan es krim rasa cokelat mint," ujar IU.

Baca Juga : Kang Daniel hingga TWICE, 5 Idol Kpop yang Ikut Racik Dalgona CoffeeJakarta, CNBC Indonesia - Belum lama ini Korean Business Research Institute telah merilis hasil riset mereka terhadap girl group K-Pop di Korea Selatan, Minggu (9/8/2020).

 

Peringkat tersebut ditentukan berdasarkan data reputasi brand girl group K-Pop Korea Selatan yang dikumpulkan sejak 8 Juli hingga 8 Agustus kemarin.



 

Beberapa nama populer pun masuk dalam daftar tersebut. Lantas siapa sajakah mereka yang mendapatkan reputasi tertinggi pada bulan ini?

 

Untuk posisi pertama diduduki oleh grup BLACKPINK. Mereka kembali menempati peringkat pertama pada bulan ini, dengan perolehan lembar data mencapai 9.922.928 poin. Kesuksesan mereka diketahui lantaran promosi untuk single pra-rilis mereka yang berjudul 'How You Like That'.



 

Kemudian di posisi kedua, disusul oleh Red Velvet yang meraih total 5.597.781 poin pada bulan Agustus. Sedangkan (G)I-DLE menempati peringkat ketiga dengan perolehan skor sebesar 4.763.242 poin.Menjadi idol ternama menjadi impian banyak orang. Populer, dielu-elukan dan bergelimang harta di usia muda. Namun, tak selamanya menyandang status idol menyenangkan.

Banyak juga pengalaman mengerikan dan membahayakan yang dialami para idol Korea Selatan karena pekerjaan mereka sebagai artis.

Terkadang, hal itu hampir membahayakan nyawa para idol ternama ini. Bahkan, beberapa idol K-Pop ternama pernah mengalami kejadian tak menyenangkan dan menegangkan karena nyaris diculik.

Berikut beberapa idol K-Pop yang pernah nyaris diculik seperti dilansir dari Koreaboo. Siapa saja mereka? Cek halaman selanjutnya!Videoclipe teve 101, 1 milhões de acessos em seu primeiro diaJakarta, CNBC Indonesia - Mantan personil girlband Korea AOA, Mina, dikabarkan dilarikan ke rumah sakit.



Dikutip dari AllKpop, idol tersebut diduga hendak melakukan percobaan bunuh diri dengan melukai tangannya.





Tindakannya diketahui saat ia memosting foto melukai diri sendiri.



Ia pun menghubungi sejumlah anggota AOA, seperti Shin Jimin dan Seolhyun termasuk CEO FNC Entertainment Han Sung Ho.



Penggemar yang melihat unggahan live itu langsung menghubungi pertugas medis.



Labelnya yakni Woori Actors mengatakan bahwa Mina melakukan percobaan bunuh diri 8 Agustus.



"Kwon Mina telah dipindahkan ke ruang gawat darurat terdekat. Di amasih hidup saat ini," tulis label, dikutip Minggu (10/8/2020).





Sebelumnya Mina sempat jadi korban perundungan oleh rekan sesama AOA Shin Jimin saat masih berada di grup yang bernaung di FNC itu.



Ia mengaku mendapatkan bully selama 10 tahun.



Mina membuka hal tersebut kepada publik dengan memostingnya di akun instagram @kvwowv.



Mina merupakan sahabat dari Suli dan Goo Hara.



Kedua idol sebelumnya meninggal bunuh diri, 2019 lalu.Deep into the promotional cycle for their first release in seven months, ATEEZ is sandwiched onto several couches in Seoul. Their 21-year-old leader, Hongjoong, wearing a jauntily tilted beret, heads a line of cheery greetings alongside his bandmates: fellow rapper Mingi, 21; vocalists Seonghwa, 22, San, Yunho, Yeosang, all 21, and Wooyoung, 20; and the youngest at 19, Jongho.

Since their debut in October 2018, this industrious eight-member boy band has released two albums and six EPs, including the latest, ZERO: FEVER Part.1 featuring the double A-side “Inception” and “THANXX”. They now have nearly 3 million followers on Instagram while their videos have racked up more than 420 million views. In March, they were forced to postpone their largely sold-out US and European tour due to Covid-19.

That hasn’t stopped the group from having their most successful comeback to date, with the new EP, ZERO: FEVER Part.1 selling more than 300,000 copies in a matter of weeks, their highest early sales thus far. Vogue discusses creativity with ATEEZ, the new challenges facing K-pop in a pandemic, and their new youth-focused prequel storyline.

Fans voted for the lead single to be “Inception”. For those of you that might have wanted to go with “THANXX”, has your perception of the song changed now that you’re performing it so often?

SAN: “I chose “THANXX” at the voting but I’ve changed my mind [towards] “Inception” because I felt that the concept itself is something that ATEEZ have never done, and performing with that concept was new and interesting.”

The more I listen to “Inception”, the more I think it’s about a goal or dream for yourselves, rather than focusing on another person. What’s your take on this?

SEONGHWA: “I think that everyone’s dream and perception of the dream is different. For us, we also have different dreams and goals and perceptions of it, so I want to give the listener a chance to interpret it in various ways depending on their own backgrounds. I want them to enjoy it based on their own stories.”

The voting process is really smart — it’s inclusive and there’s no need for guessing what the fans might want. What part of it do you enjoy most?

WOOYOUNG: “ATEEZ thinks of our fans as our colleagues; that they’re sharing the journey of life. So that’s what all these events are for, it’s to have the intention of making the album and all the comeback activities together with the fans.”

For the Diary Film, certain parts feel connected to your real lives. How do you choose what to include?

YUNHO: “We were inspired by each member’s characteristics, that’s true, but it wasn’t really the story of the members’ real life. Maybe incidents, like the story of Jongho’s ankle injury, make it feel like that but the whole story was made before ATEEZ debuted. You might think of the characters in the Diary Film as the sub-characteristics, the alter-ego of the members. I recommend that the viewers focus on the story itself.”

Mingi and Hongjoong, you’re able to directly put yourselves into the songs as writers, but I’m wondering how the other members do this. Do you talk to the producers about changing lines or singing a lyric a certain way? Is the process collaborative?

YUNHO: “It’s pretty much Hongjoong and Mingi who take their work into the song but, even before our debut, we’ve communicated a lot with the production and choreography teams. Every member takes part in the production. We make it happen because we’re really close to them.”

Why did you feel like the time was right for ‘ZERO: FEVER Part.1’, a prequel EP?

SAN: “There was always a lot of discussion about when and how to reveal the stories. We’ve been thinking now would be a perfect time to reveal the past story — which is about youth culture — before starting the next series after the Treasure series to encourage the fans to understand the whole story better.”

“Good Lil Boy” has the following lyrics: “You’ll understand when you’re older, I’m tired of these words,” and a similar line appears on “THANXX”. I’m interested in this theme running through the EP — what can you tell me about it?

HONGJOONG: “THANXX and Good Lil Boy share meanings; I wanted to express social issues in a fun way, where we can enjoy it. I wanted to talk to young people, who are pretty much [us], and those who are self-involved or never think that other people can be right. [They] say you have to do this thing or that thing, and I hate to listen [to that].”

My interpretation is “Good Lil Boy” is hopeful and “THANXX” is more defiant — have I got that right?

YEOSANG: “Yes, I think you got it right. In that sense, Good Lil Boy can be a cheering song for youth.”

HONGJOONG: “It’s a good interpretation. THANXX is more rebellious and Good Lil Boy is more like cheering ourselves and saying we can do something to make the world better.”

You had to postpone your tour because of Covid-19, which meant you had more time to work on ‘ZERO: FEVER Part.1’. Was it a different process to making your previous records?

HONGJOONG: “It gave us a lot of time to think about our album before it was released, and to put more into it. That break was good and bad at the same time. We’re doing a lot during promotion that we never thought we’d do, but it’s kind of a relief. I thought we wouldn’t be able to do anything, but we can still actually meet the fans.”

You’ve been doing things you haven’t done before, such as an online concert and video fan meets. Can you describe that experience?

SAN: “Interacting with fans on video calls… It’s interesting. Doing all the performances on stage without the fans is so frustrating. I need them to give me the strength!”

You’re doing really well, though!

HONGJOONG: “We’ve been given a good chance in this situation, it’s kind of a relief. I thought we wouldn’t be able to do anything because of this situation but thanks to all this technology, we can actually meet the fans.”

ATEEZ has made a lot of solo content so far in 2020. I really appreciated Mingi’s fashion films… What is it about clothes that you love so much?

MINGI: “The first goal was to give ATINY some interesting content to enjoy. All the members of ATEEZ are interested in fashion, but I wanted to share my styling tips and I also put my own music into the videos.”

I last interviewed you around a year ago. How do you think you’ve changed since then?

HONGJOONG: “For the whole year, we’ve been going through so many things. We get so many expectations and sometimes that’s a burden for us but as performers, in every aspect, we feel more comfortable; more mature.”

When you came to London in 2019, I asked if you felt like celebrities and you all said no. Has that changed?

WOOYOUNG: “I’m really thankful that there’s more ATINY now, but I really don’t really think of ourselves, or see ourselves, as celebrities.”

How do you see yourselves?

SAN: “I think we are ATINY’s friends.”

HONGJOONG: “It’s hard to distinguish the meaning between ‘celebrity’ and ‘artist’ but if I had to define ourselves, I’d say we are performers. I don’t think that will really change.”

KQ Entertainment did earn praise for addressing the issue so quickly, but when the ‘ZERO: FEVER Part.1’ photos were published, in which your hair was braided into cornrows, how did you feel about the criticism that was received?

HONGJOONG: “It was a surprise. It was unexpected. But I learned that we have to acknowledge historical or cultural issues in a more comprehensive manner. We’ll do our best to prevent it and make it not happen again.”

You’re the first idol artist, at least in my memory, who has discussed it publicly like this...

HONGJOONG: “There’s nothing really special I wanted to say about that. We wanted to deliver the message about caring more. I wanted to tell the fans about this. It’s the right thing to do.”

I’ve seen lots of fans talking about ATEEZ being one of the leaders of the fourth-generation (K-pop stars to debut after 2017). How does this make you feel?

YEOSANG: “It’s a compliment [but] it’s a little bit excessive. I feel that it’s more than we deserve, even though I’m grateful people say it.”

JONGHO: “To be the leader of the fourth-gen of K-pop idols isn’t our goal. I just want to enjoy the stage as always and show better performances to the fans, but I am very thankful that many people say that.”

This article was amended on 28 August 2020 to a Q&A format. Zero: Fever Part 1 is out nowAmid pandemic, the Korean Cultural Center (KCC) Philippines’ popular event Pinoy K-pop Star will go online.

Instead of the annual contest that brings together the most talented vocal and performance cover artists around the country, Pinoy K-pop Star will be showcasing the past winners this year through the “PKS Rewind 2020: The Online Reunion” on Aug. 21 at 3 p.m. on KCC Philippines’ YouTube channel.

This is KCC’s first online concert under its Korea at Home campaign aimed at bringing Korean culture closer to Filipinos while they stay at home.

“PKS Rewind 2020” will feature performances by 2014 PKS vocal champion Jean Kiley, 2015 vocal champion Hergie King, 2018 vocal second runner-up John Paul Manuel, 2018 vocal champion Venisse Siy, 2018 and 2019 performance champion Mix In, and 2019 vocal champion April Rose Tolentino.

Fans will also be able to watch the performance of guests Dasuri Choi and popular Pinoy boy band SB19, some members of which were past PKS contestants.

The online concert will feature interviews and raffle of goodies for the avid supporters of Korean culture and KCC.

“PKS Rewind 2020” is the first activity of KCC under Korea at Home this month. Joining past Korea at Home themes such as K-Food, K-Music, K-Film, and K-Arts are the new categories: K-Contests, K-pop and K-Language.

In addition, KCC followers will get the chance to win prizes through this month’s Photo & Essay Contest and the weekly K-Quizbee.

KCC will have events including more live shows, competitions, thematic screenings and educational offerings under Korea at Home.Krystal is reportedly ending her relationship with her agency, SM Entertainment, after a decade.

The 25-year-old South Korean singer and member of girl group f(x) is reportedly exiting the agency to begin somewhere new, according to Ilgan Sports on Tuesday (August 18) via Soompi.

“According to the report, Krystal has already met with several well-known actor management companies, many of which have reached out to her first after hearing that she was becoming a free agent. It was said that while she has held meetings with these agencies, she has not yet discussed a detailed contract with any of them. She is reportedly looking for an agency that will both support her as an actress and go along with her plans to release music,” the outlet reports.

“Our exclusive contract with Krystal expires in late August. We will continue to have discussions with Krystal about renewing the contract,” SM Entertainment said in response to the news.

Krystal‘s bandmates, f(x)’s Amber and Luna, left SM Entertainment in 2019 following the end to their own contracts.

Get to know the individual members of one of the biggest new girl groups on the South Korean scene…Want to get unprecedented access to each member of the K-pop group BTS?

That is what the new BTS feature film titled Break The Silence: The Movie promises, which will be released at selected GSC and MBO cinemas in Malaysia on Sept 10.

And to get ready for Break The Silence, the local film distributor is also releasing the 2019 BTS movie, Bring The Soul: The Movie for a limited time. This one will run from Aug 28-30 at GSC Cinemas only.

Break The Silence: The Movie showcases the South Korean septet on its first international tour.

During its world tour Love Yourself: Speak Yourself, BTS performed at venues in Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, Sao Paulo, Paris, Osaka, Shizuoka, Riyadh and Seoul. It also became the first Korean group to perform at Wembley Stadium.

Tickets for the fourth BTS film will start on Aug 24, at noon. For the re-run of Bring The Soul, tickets will be available from Aug 26, at noon.

For more information go to www.BTSincinemas.comBagi para penggemar K-Pop pasti tidak asing dengan istilah sasaeng fans atau penggemar fanatik yang bisa membuat idol tak nyaman.

Biasanya penggemar sesaeng akan meneror idolanya karena obsesi yang berlebihan. Mereka bisa menguntit hingga melakukan hal yang berbahaya bagi idol yang mereka gilai.

Namun siapa sangka, penggemar sasaeng tak hanya berasal dari kalangan bisa. Berikut ini ada beberapa sasaeng yang ternyata seorang idol.

Siapa saja mereka dan siapa idol yang mereka kuntit habis-habisan? Berikut ini Insertlive rangkum seperti dilansir dari Koreaboo. Klik halaman selanjutnya ya.El K-pop ha demostrado en las fechas recientes que su cantidad de seguidores sigue incrementando de una forma impresionante, cada vez más jóvenes se suman a las filas de fanáticos del género musical, sin embargo, no son sólo las nuevas generaciones las que disfrutan de estos grupos, también los hay quienes pertenecen a la vieja escuela y una de esas personas es Daddy Yankee.

En una de las publicaciones de la red social Twitter, uno de los seguidore del cantante lo etiquetó en una publicación en donde el grupo ATEEZ, bailaba al ritmo del éxito de la canción “THANXX”. Sin embargo, en un juego de la edición, el video el audio por la canción de Daddy Yankee titulada “Rompe”, algo que al artista le causó una buena impresión y como parte de su afecto le dio un “like” a la publicación.

Sin embargo, no es la primera vez que Daddy Yankee tiene interés en los contenidos de las bandas de K-pop, pues unos días antes había dado otro “like” a una conversación que hizo el grupo BTS en el que hablaban de su sencillo más reciente, Fake Love / Airplane Pt. 2. Por lo que puede que el cantante esté haciendo un guiño para incursionar o participar en colaboración con una de las bandas más populares del mundo en la actualidad.

Daddy Yankee no es el único artista que parece ver con buenos ojos el incremento de popularidad del K-pop, pues tal parece que esta corriente musical ha ganado adeptos en muchos artistas que van desde ser músicos hasta actores de Hollywood. Una de las artistas que siguen de cerca el avance del K-pop es la actriz Emma Stone, quien dijo en un programa de Conan O´Brien que es una fanática asidua de 2ne1# y de Girls Generation, a quienes calificó como uno de los mejores grupos musicales que ha visto en su vida.

Otra de las artistas que es fan del K-pop es Lady Gaga, que si bien no lo ha dicho abiertamente, la cantante lleva siguiendo la pista de los conciertos en Corea del Sur desde el año 2014, cuando fue vista en el festival SXSW K-pop. Además está el caso de Chloe Moretz, quien incluso ha estado mucho más cerca de los artistas como Henry Lau, además de que participó en un matrimonio virtual como parte de un espectáculo con Eric Nam.

A esta lista también se suma Mick Jagger, quien dijo que en una ocasión de se encontraba buscando música en internet y se sorprendió al encontrar una canción que le gustó mucho, por lo que al buscar la información del grupo musical, se sorprendió al saber que era del grupo Super Junior.

La popularidad del K-pop ha quedado más que demostrada a nivel internacional luego de los tremendos logros de grupos como BTS, quienes rompieron uno de los récords más importantes, posicionándose como la canción número uno con más vistas en un día en la plataforma de videos Youtube.

Dynamite generó alrededor de 3 millones de vistas, luego de casi 20 minutos en la plataforma de Youtube. Ya se habían convertido en 10 millones y volvieron a incrementar a los 20 millones, llegando a los 74 minutos de lanzarse. De este modo, a las 24 horas de haberse estrenado, el video alcanzaba la impresionante cifra de 101.1 millones de vistas.

MÁS SOBRE ESTE TEMA:

El K-pop está de fiesta, estas son las estrellas que cumplen años en septiembre

BTS lo hizo otra vez, rompieron otro récord de Adele en menos de una semana

Seis tragedias que estremecieron al mundo del K-Pop

El día que Super Junior homenajeó a Luis Miguel en su videoclip “Ahora te Puedes Marchar”TRIBUNNEWS.COM - Pernikahan seorang fangirl K-pop yang mengidolakan boyband EXO menjadi sorotan di sosial media Twitter.

Hal itu buntut dari pemilik akun @elleniagilbert, yang mengunggah beberapa foto pernikahannya pada Minggu (23/8/2020) kemarin.

Dalam cuita pertama, akun @elleniagilbert mengunggah beberapa foto kemeriahan pernikahannya.

Foto pertama menunjukkan ia dan sang suami memegang mahar yang berbentuk logo boyband dari SM Entertainment ini.

Sang mempelai laki-laki pun tampak sumringah menatap kamera di hari pernikahannya.

Dalam foto kedua, pemilik akun @elleniagilbert dan suami saling menggenggam tangan dan memamerkan lighstick EXO.

Baca: Viral Perjuangan Cinta Dekati Dokter Gigi, Nekat Korbankan Gigi Geraham hingga Berakhir di Pelaminan

Sedangkan dalam foto ketiga, sang mempelai wanita tampak tersenyum cantik dengan memegang lightstick EXO.

Adapun dalam foto terakhir, akun @elleniagilbert berfoto bersama stand member EXO favoritnya, Kai sembari memamerkan kembali lightstick EXO.

Dalam cuitan keduanya, akun @elleniagilbert berfoto bersama teman-temannya dengan memegang lighstick EXO kebanggannya.

Hingga Senin (24/8/2020), cuitan miliknya menuai sorotan hingga dikomentari lebih dari 2.400 ribu kali.Sayuran merupakan makanan yang kaya akan nutrisi. Seperti penggemarnya beberapa idol Kpop ini juga tak doyan sayuran.

Sudah bukan rahasia lagi kalau makan sayur dapat memberikan banyak khasiat kesehatan. Bahkan banyak ahli gizi yang menyarankan untuk memasukkan sayuran ke dalam menu harian, mulai dari sarapan, makan siang, makan malam hingga camilan.

Sayuran mengandung banyak nutrisi seperti vitamin, karbohidrat, protein, mineral dan zat antioksidan lainnya. Nutrisi itulah yang akan berperan aktif melindungi tubuh dari segala gangguan kesehatan.

Sayangnya, ada beberapa idol Kpop tak doyan sayuran. Mereka punya selera sendiri, ada yang benar-benar menghindari semua jenis sayuran ada pula yang hanya menghindari beberapa jenis sayuran saja.

Seulgi, perempuan cantik salah satu personil girlband Red Velvet secara terang-terangan mengungkapkan ketidaksukaannya pada sayuran. Sebelum makan, ia akan secara detail memeriksa makanan tersebut.

Jika ia menemukan sayuran, ia akan mengambilnya dan memisahkan sayuran tersebut. Dari sekian banyak macam-macam sayuran, dara kelahiran 10 Februari 1994 menyebut bahwa mentimun adalah salah satu jenis sayuran yang paling dibenci.

Banyak dari penggemarnya yang merasa aneh dengan selera makan Seulgi. Ia dikenal tak doyan makan sayuran, tetapi ia menunjukkan ketertarikannya pada bawang. Ya, Seulgi sangat sangat senang makan bawang. Padahal kebanyakan orang justru sebaliknya.

Baca Juga : Tidak Suka Sayur? Ini Trik Menyiasatinya dari Ahli Gizi





Salah satu personil dari boyband Stray Kids juga ada yang tak doyan makan sayur. Personil itu adalah Hyunjin lelaki tampan berusia 20 tahun. Selera makannya terbilang rumit. Pria dengan nama asli Hwang Hyunjin tersebut mempunyai lima jenis sayuran yang dibenci.

Jenis sayuran tersebut adalah wortel yang dimasak, bawang bombay yang dimasak kecuali jika dipanggang. Selain itu juga ada bawang merah, jamur hingga terong. Rupanya Hyunjin hanya membenci beberapa jenis sayuran saja.

Pasalnya Hyunjin dikenal sebagai pencinta kimchi, yang mana itu terbuat dari sawi putih yang difermentasi. Tak hanya itu, Hyunjin juga sangat menyukai jajangmyeon. Bahkan ia bisa sangat kalap ketika mengonsumsi dua santapan khas Korea tersebut.K-Pop has truly become a global phenomenon. With its big-budget music videos, intricate choreography, and songs influenced by various genres around the world, it's not hard to see why millions of fans can't get enough. K-Pop idols' charming visuals and personalities especially make it fun to choose an individual group or soloist to follow. After joining a fandom, the first thing someone does is learn their bias' backstory. K-Pop audition videos are a great introduction into an artist's history because they offer a look at them before fame.

As fans know from watching celebrities' earliest videos, it takes a lot of work behind the scenes in order to debut as a K-Pop idol. Many of the most-loved performers in the industry trained for over a decade before finally getting their big break. Due to the rigorous training process, stars debut looking like absolute pros on stage, regardless of their age or time in the spotlight. In order to see how far idols have come in their individual journeys, fans use K-Pop audition videos to compare their growth over time.

Whether you've been a K-Pop fan for one or 10 years, these throwback clips won't fail to make you nostalgic.

Jungkook's sweet, angelic voice and his exceptional range are two of the many reasons ARMYs love him. Since he's so confident on stage now, it's hard to believe he was once shy about performing in front of others. Fans must be so proud of how far he's come.

As you can see from the audition video above, before J-Hope hit it big, he tried out to join JYP as a trainee. He didn't make it, but that didn't stop him from chasing his dreams. Over time, he continued to perfect his craft and eventually, he signed with Big Hit Entertainment and became one-seventh of the global phenomenon BTS.

Similar to other idols' audition stories, Xiumin didn't make the cut to join JYP. However, he didn't let rejection get in the way of pursuing his goal of becoming a pro and ended up making it through to become an SM trainee. Now he's a member of one of the biggest K-Pop bands in the world!Conheça os grupos novatos de K-Pop que estão conquistando o público, as premiações e as paradas musicais mundiais

Com as grandes companhias de entretenimento da Coreia do Sul lançando novos grupos entre 2018 e 2020, nasceu a pergunta: estamos presenciando o surgimento da 4ª geração do k-pop? Mas o tema ainda gera muita polêmica.

Alguns acreditam que a 4ª geração já chegou - o k-pop alcançou um status global e os novos grupos estão estreando nessa nova era de possibilidades internacionais. Enquanto outros argumenta que, uma vez que os grupos de 3ª geração - como BTS , EXO e Blackpink - ainda são dominantes, esses novatos não merecem um novo título.

+++ LEIA MAIS: Beatles e BTS são únicos artistas a baterem recorde de discos em 2020; entenda

Independentemente de qual seja sua opinião sobre o nascimento de uma geração, é inegável que esses grupos novatos fazem parte do futuro do k-pop. TOMORROW X TOGETHER, ATEEZ, ITZY e TREASURE são alguns dos nomes que estão ganhando atenção do público, das premiações e das paradas internacionais.

Então, que tal conhecer mais sobre alguns dos grupos que fazem parte do futuro do k-pop? A Rolling Stone Brasil separou um perfil sobre 4 grupos que estão conquistando o cenário musical internacional. Vem ver!

+++ LEIA MAIS: Cantor Charlie Puth se desentende com fãs do BTS: ‘10 anos atrás mensagens assim me afetariam profunda e negativamente’

ATEEZ é um boy group formado pela KQ Entertainment que debutou no dia 24 de outubro de 2018 com os singles “Treasure” e “Pirate King”.

O lema do grupo : “8 makes 1 team” (“8 fazem 1 time”, em tradução livre), já entrega que ATEEZ é formado por oito membros muito unidos. São eles: Hongjoong, Seonghwa, Yunho, Yeosang, San, Mingi, Wooyoung e Jongho.

O grupo é reconhecido pelas músicas com batidas fortes, pelas coreografias poderosas e pelas personalidades caóticas dos membros. Certamente, não existe dúvida de que o ATEEZ conquistou o mundo do k-pop.

+++ LEIA MAIS:Por que o BTS não tem conta individual no Twitter e Instagram?

Apenas quatro meses depois da estreia, o grupo conseguiu esgotar todos os ingressos para um turnê mundial. O mini-álbum Treasure EP.2: Zero to One vendeu mil cópias imediatamente após o lançamento nos Estados Unidos, o que os colocou em várias paradas musicais internacionais.

Apelidados de ‘irmãos mais novos’ do BTS, TOMORROW X TOGETHER estreou no dia 4 de março de 2019, sob a Big Hit Entretainment, com o single “Crown”, parte do mini álbum The Dream Chapter: STAR.

Soobin, Yeonjun, Beomgyu, Taehyun e Huening Kai são os cinco membros do grupo mais novo da Big Hit, e, ao contrário de outros ídolos, nenhum deles tem uma posição definida no time. Isso significa que todos são capacitados para assumir o papel principal como cantor, rapper ou dançarino.

O grupo é reconhecido pelas coreografias únicas, pelos títulos compridos das músicas e pelas letras voltadas ao público jovem, falando principalmente sobre as dificuldades de crescer.

No ano de 2019, TOMORROW X TOGETHER ganhou os prêmios de 'Rookie of the Year' ('Novato do Ano', em tradução livre) em todos os cinco shows de premiação principais da Coreia do Sul. Recentemente, o grupo também superou a marca de 1 milhão de álbuns físicos vendidos, sendo o primeiro artista da nova geração a atingir essa conquista.

O novo grupo feminino da JYP Entertainment, ITZY registrou uma das maiores estreias da Billboard por um novo ato de k-pop, com “Dalla Dalla” alcançando o segundo lugar no ranking mundial de vendas de músicas digitais.

ITZY debutou em 12 de fevereiro de 2019 com cinco integrantes: Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong e Yuna. E, assim como o TOMORROW X TOGETHER, o grupo feminino levou os prêmios de ‘Rookie of The Year’ das cinco maiores premiações da Coreia do Sul.

Depois de sobreviver ao reality show YG Treasure Box de 2018 a 2019, o TREASURE se tornou o mais recente grupo de garotos da YG Entertainment. O grupo estreou no dia 7 de agosto de 2020 com 12 membros: Hyunsuk, Jihoon, Yoshinori, Junkyu, Mashiho, Jaehyuk, Asahi, Yedam, Haruto, Doyoung, Jeongwoo, e Junghwan.

Com menos um mês de vida, o grupo novato quebrou o recorde de live com mais curtidas entre ídolos novatos em transmissão que comemoravam a própria estreia. Foram mais de 1 bilhão de curtidas!

A transmissão conta com segmentos como apresentação do perfil de cada membro e revelação de histórias dos bastidores e de experiências durante a preparação para a estreia. Disponível no canal do TREASURE na plataforma VLive, o vídeo recordista é uma ótima forma de conhecer os novatos.There are so many things about the K-Pop world that excite fans. At the top of the list is their faves making a comeback with an epic performance and mesmerizing choreography to go along with it, but there's also the unexpected fashion changes, never-ending merchandise, and highly-anticipated award shows. With so many K-Pop groups out there, it's no surprise fans become curious about their personal lives. When two of their faves are rumored to be dating, a lot of the time, fans think it's too good to be true, but that doesn't stop them from feeling giddy at the possibility. Of course, some of them are just rumors, while others turn out to be real. These 10 K-Pop couples stole fans' hearts when their relationships were confirmed.

Fans will be surprised to see some of the couples on this list are still going strong, while others are unfortunately no longer together. Others are a bit more low-key about where their relationship stands today due to wanting to maintain some privacy. Regardless of their status, they made fans swoon at one point or another. If you want to know which of your favorite stars are still together, this list will give you a quick run down of the biggest couples in the K-Pop music scene over the the past few years.

For years, fans watched Hyuna and Pentagon's Dawn's friendship unfold as idols under Cube Entertainment. In 2017, they became members of the K-Pop trio Triple H, where they grew even closer, but they made it clear they were just friends. That's why when they confirmed they were an item in August 2018 and had actually been dating for two years, fans were shook.

They were unfortunately let go from their agency in a wave of controversy, with Cube Entertainment claiming in a statement that the couple had broken their "trust."

But it was all for the best. Soon afterward, the couple signed as soloists with P-Nation (Psy's label), and, now, they get to be open about their relationship while continuing to pursue their dreams. For example, they share countless selfies together on Instagram and even attend red carpet events as a couple. Looks like a win-win.

The Korean news outlet Dispatch first reported Kang Daniel and TWICE's Jihyo were dating on Aug. 5, 2019. Days later, both Jihyo’s agency, JYP Entertainment, and Daniel’s, KONNECT Entertainment, confirmed they were "meeting with interest in each other" after a mutual friend introduced them. The two have been really private about their relationship, so there's been no updates since then, but fans ship it like FedEx anyway.

Before confirming they're an item in January 2020, Heechul and Momo were just friends. Along with the rest of TWICE, Momo guest starred on Heechul's variety show Knowing Brothers several times through the years. Every time they reunited, Momo and Heechul posted a selfie of their meet up. Eventually, their relationship evolved from friendly to romantic. "Heechul and Momo are in a relationship. They have recently started a relationship that grew from a sunbae-hoobae friendship in the industry," JYP explained in a statement.

By far, one of the most talked-about romances in the K-Pop world was also one of the most short-lived (sadly). I'm talking about BLACKPINK's Jennie and EXO's Kai. Unfortunately, after a few months of dating, the couple reportedly called it quits in January 2019 due to having busy schedules, and the news broke fans' hearts.

Momoland's Daisy and iKON’s Yunhyeong's respective companies, MLD Entertainment and YG Entertainment, released conflicting statements when rumors of their romance hit the internet in February 2019. MLD said the couple had been "seeing each other for three months" by then, while YG claimed they "met up a few times," but were not dating. Either way, the thought of them together makes fans swoon.

In August 2018, photos surfaced online of (G)I-DLE’s Soojin and PENTAGON’s Hui reportedly linking arms, causing fans to speculate they were dating. As soon as those rumors began, the stars' agency, Cube Entertainment, revealed Soojin and Hui were once together, but had since split up. So it was over for fans before it even began, sadly.

Fans have lost track how many times G-Dragon and Lee Joo Yeon have been caught up in dating rumors. The latest batch cropped up in April 2020 after the actress posted a picture of someone with their face cut off. Of course, due to all the constant romance rumors involving the stars, fans guessed it was G-Dragon. Fans may never get their answer as to whether these two are really together or not, but they like shipping the pair anyway.

After the Korean broadcasting channel SBS funE reported the two were dating, Kyungri and JinWoon revealed it was true in November 2019. They started seeing each other in late 2017 after working on several television programs together. There's been no updates regarding the couple's relationship status since they went public.

After getting together in 2017, fans immediately fell in love with Lee Joon and Jung So Min. Sadly, the pair reportedly broke up in June 2020. "They’ve decided to remain on good terms and cheer each other on as fellow actors," a source told Dispatch, adding the couple grew apart after focusing on their respective careers.

Lee Jung Jin and Nine Muses' Euaerin confirmed their relationship in January 2018. After that, the couple kept things low-key, but would update fans occasionally, letting them know they were "doing well." Sadly, in April 2019, they announced they went their separate ways.

Seeing these relationships blossom or end has been a roller coaster ride for fans. From wondering if they were really together or just friends to receiving confirmation from their companies they're the real deal, they've witnessed it all. Fans can't wait to see who among their fave idols finds love next.Suara.com - Korea Selatan adalah negerinya para pecinta kuliner, mengingat negara ini merupakan tempat di mana mukbang pertama kali muncul. Bahkan, deretan idol KPop yang terlihat langsing, faktanya mereka tetap tak bisa jauh dari makanan dan kerap berbicara mengenai makanan favorit.

Nah, ingin tahu makanan favorit beberapa idol KPop? Ini dia, seperti dilansir dari SCMP.



1. BTS

Saat anggota boy grup BTS makan besar, yang terlihat dalam sebuah permainan di acara New Yang Nam Show, grup beranggotakan tujuh orang itu mengatakan bahwa mereka bisa menikmati BBQ Korea hingga menghabiskan 590 dolar Amerika Serikat atau Rp 8,7 jutaan.

J-Hope mengatakan, "Sebenarnya kami biasa makan lebih banyak. Saat kami baru debut, kami akan makan shabu-shabu (dengan porsi) untuk sekitar 100 orang."

Baca Juga: Jungkook BTS Bagikan Tips Jaga Tubuh Tetap Ideal Tanpa Alat Olahraga

Sementara V, memiliki filosofi tersendiri mengenai makanan. "Jika dapat dimakan, maka itu adalah permainan yang adil," katanya.

Tetapi jika dia harus memilih, dia mengatakan kepada majalah Hanako bahwa dia sangat menyukai ganjang-gejang atau kepiting mentah yang direndam dalam kecap. Hidangan ini juga disebut 'pencuri beras', karena saat dimakan bersama nasi, maka akan tertelan begitu cepat.

Sedangkan Jimin paling suka hidangan daging babi, terutama dengan nasi goreng kimchi.

Selanjutnya, Jin yang sangat antusias dengan makanan secara umum dan mungkin memiliki daftar makanan favorit terpanjang, mengatakan bahwa jika dia dibuang ke pulau tak berpenghuni dan hanya bisa membawa satu makanan, dia akan memilih ayam goreng Korea.

Terakhir, RM dan Jungkook yang sama-sama menyukai makanan manis. Di mana, Jungkook menyukai susu pisang dan RM menyukai daging berbumbu manis.

Baca Juga: Agensi Bicara Soal Isu Kolaborasi BLACKPINK dengan Selena Gomez

Rose Blackpink tahu keahliannya dalam hal makanan. Dia mendapat julukan "foodie chaeng" (dari nama Koreanya Park Chae-young) karena selalu memiliki ekspresi bahagia setiap kali dia melakukan gigitan pertama pada semua makanannya dan bagaimana piringnya akan selalu terlihat bersih setelah makan. Ini terlihat di acara reality grup Blackpink House.

Ingin tahu hidangan Korea favoritnya? Pada satu hari, ada seorang penggemar bertanya padanya. Rose seketika menjawab, "Semuanya. Semuanya, saya suka makanan Korea," katanya sambil tertawa. Namun untuk lebih spesifik, diketahui bahwa dia menyukai sup kimchi.

Setelah mengumumkan bahwa dirinya akan segera menikah, orang-orang bergegas untuk menonton ulang video memasak Changmin sehingga mereka dapat menilai apakah member duo TVXQ tersebut sudah cocok menjadi seorang suami atau belum.

Changmin menyukai makanannya, bahkan ia mengungkap jika dirinya mengambil kelas memasak di reality show I Live Alone. Dalam episode tersebut, dia memasak ayam kukus Andong.

Bahkan koki selebriti Korea Baek Jong-won menyetujui keterampilan memasak Changmin ketika mereka melakukan variety show Manners of Taste bersama tahun lalu, yang mengeksplorasi budaya makanan.

Dalam wawancaranya dengan majalah Grazia tahun lalu, dia mengatakan bahwa dia merasa dihargai dan bangga saat memasak dan dia juga menyukai food plating seperti seorang profesional.Umumnya, saat menonton video klip musisi Korea Selatan penggemar langsung disajikan dengan visual member dan sinematografi yang mengagumkan.

Namun, tak banyak yang tahu bahwa ada beberapa adegan video klip yang memperlihatkan penampakan mengerikan sehingga membuat penonton menjadi ketakutan sekaligus penasaran.

Penampakan yang menyeramkan tersebut juga tidak diketahui oleh member idol group, musisi, dan tim produksi.

Berikut ini adalah beberapa video klip idol group K-pop yang sempat membuat heboh karena ada penampakan yang diduga hantu:K-pop reality show I-LAND episode 7 finally revealed the final 12 trainees that made it onto part 2 of the show! Plus, a special visit from BTS!

If you missed the last episode, or need a refresher on what happened, be sure to check out our I-LAND episode 6 recap!

At the start of I-LAND episode 7, BTS got to take a tour of the dorms where the trainees were working hard towards their goal of debuting. They became the first to get a look inside the changes that were made for part two of the series, including new bedrooms!

They also adorably raided the trainees pantry, where they were delighted to see some of their own favorite snacks. Jungkook got scolded by his hyungs for trying to take some of the snacks for his own even though he was kidding around.

Before I-LAND episode 7 revealed who was saved from the global vote, they re-introduced the first six trainees that made it into the final 12.

Sunghoon talked about his path from figure skating to becoming a trainee, “I always lacked social skills so when I was 9 my mom suggested figure skating to me after seeing Kim Yuna and that’s how I started figure skating.”

“I skated for 10 years, I became a backup for the national team, I made it to 7th place out of all male figure skaters in Korea, I won a lot of medals too…! About 2 years ago I started dreaming of becoming an Idol. I went to a BTS concert and I wanted to perform on stage like them. I wanted to become an amazing person just like them.”

Jungwon discussed how he became a trainee by recruitment, “I started because I got recruited by a company. I wasn’t extremely talented in any way so, that’s what I thought, so it was a lot of pressure. It’s not an easy path So I said, ‘I’ll think about it’ but my family…they all told me to go for it, and that’s how I got started.”

Heeseung recalled his time training with the members of TXT and how training for a longer period of time has affected him. “For about 1-2 years I practiced beside them, and…I saw them debut before me so I felt anxious. And I wanted to debut as soon as I could but… it took longer than I expected.”

Jay revealed he had no dream for a long time until he started pursuing becoming an idol. “Listening to music, and watching performances by artists gave me comfort. That is what determined my goal in life, everything I wanted to learn from them combined, was this job. That’s when my dream began.”

Jake reflected on the difficulties of being so far away from his family and friends in Australia for the first time. He’d only arrived in South Korea a week before his audition to become a trainee.

K spoke about his original dream to become a marathon runner, and how that all changed when he saw BTS on television. He was so amazed by them that he wanted to become a musician like them and shifted his goals towards becoming an idol trainee despite all his success in sports.

Then, all the GROUNDERS were brought in to find out who else made the I-LAND final 12 through the global votes. It was revealed that Niki, Daniel, Sunoo, Geonu, Taki, and Hanbin were the six trainees saved through the global votes.

Sunoo actually received the most votes through the global voting, with Daniel coming in second, and Niki coming in third.

This means that the I-LAND final 12 is officially: Daniel, Geonu, Hanbin, Heeseung, Jake, Jay, Jungwon, K, Niki, Sunghoon, Sunoo, and Taki.

The final 12 only had a few minutes to say goodbye to the other trainees that were eliminated from the show and then made their way back to the dorm where they would begin the second part of the show.

Once they got back to their dorms, the trainees learned they would undergo four more tests in part two of the show. Two of the tests will include global voting, while the other two will be up to the producers.

Only 7 of the I-LAND trainees will be debuting from the group of final 12.

They will also be taking part in ranking during the second part of the show. The higher they rank the safer they are and the more advantages they will receive.

The first ranking from the global voting was revealed:

After the trainees learned about part two of the show, they learned more about their first test which was to be BTS themed. They were surprised with a video from BTS who visited their dorm while they were away. The BTS members congratulated them on making it to part two and also talked about the amazing dorm.

BTS then revealed that for the first test the trainees would be learning their hit songs “I NEED U,” “DNA,” and “Fake Love.” They also gave tips to the trainees for each of the songs to help them in their tests, including how to approach the vocals and the choreography.

In order to decide which trainees would be assigned to which songs, they had a mini test. This included a freestyle dance off judged by the producers who would pick three winners to act as the leaders for the first test. Jungwon, K, and Taki ended up winning the mini test dance off!

After their dance off the trainees were freed to go receive the special gifts that were left behind by the BTS members. They also discovered that when they wrote about their concerns going into part two, BTS read them and offered their advice.

Heeseung wrote his worried about being a good leader to which RM responded, “I personally think that, the fact that he’s worried about this means that he already has leadership.”

He also added that, “Becoming someone that can stand up for the rest of the group – I think that’s good leadership.”

The group also agreed that the leader needs help from the other members and that not everyone can be pleased all the time.

K brought up his worries about his appearance and the members joked around that they were confused since he’s already handsome. Jimin also said, “This is where we have to bring this up. It’s all about ‘love myself’, right?”

Jay asked about his embarrassing moments and how to avoid them, which also amused the members.

Jin advised, “If you don’t want to be stressed about it you have to enjoy your embarrassing moments. That’s the only way.”

The trainees got to check out each of the special gifts left behind by the BTS members, and the special notes of encouragement they left as well.

In next week’s episode of I-LAND the trainees will prepare for the first test and get ready to perform some of BTS’ toughest songs!

Fans can take part in the global voting for I-LAND on Weverse!

What did you think of ‘I-LAND’ episode 7? Were you happy with the ‘I-LAND’ final 12 trainees?PIKIRAN RAKYAT - Perhelatan penghargaan musik di Brazil 2020 kembali digelar pada Oktober mendatang.

BreakTudo Awards atau lebih dikenal BTDAs juga merupakan salah satu ajang penghargaan terbesar di Brazil yang memberikan apresisasi kepada grup K-Pop.

Digelar pada 24 Oktober 2020 mendatang, BreakTudo Award pertama kali digelar tahun 2016 lalu dan menempatkan banyak slot untuk para pekerja seni asal Korea Selatan.

Baca Juga: 10 Tips Jepret Foto Bagus Pakai HP dengan Mudah, Hindari Pakai Instagram?

Seperti pada tahun-tahun sebelumnya, BreakTudo Awards kembali diramaikan dengan sederet boy dan girl band grup asal Korea Selatan yang telah masuk ke dalam nominasi.

Membawa lebih dari 20 nominasi, beberapa diantaranya diisi dengan seniman musik dari Korea Selatan.

Dikabarkan BeritaDIY.com dalam artikel 'Daftar Artis K-Pop Masuk di Nominasi BreakTudo Award 2020: BTS, BLACKPINK, hingga EXO', Berikut daftar Artis K-Pop dalam nominasi BreakTudo Awards 2020:

Baca Juga: Saat Banyuwangi Tambah Satu Pasien Meninggal akibat Covid-19, Ratusan Santri Ikuti Tes MassalDi tahun 2020 ini banyak grup K-Pop yang melakukan debut dan langsung mencuri perhatian para penggemar musik asal Korea Selatan.

Namun tak selalu kabar bahagia, ada pula kabar yang menjadi momok mimpi buruk bagi idol maupun para penggemar, yakni pembubaran.

Sederet grup idol K-Pop harus bubar di tahun 2020 ini dengan berbagai macam alasan, mulai dari kontroversi hingga pandemi Corona.

Siapa saja grup yang bubar tahun 2020 ini dan apa alasan mereka bubar? Berikut ini Insertlive rangkum seperti dikutip dari Koreaboo.

Klik halaman selanjutnya ya.The8 of Seventeen went from studying martial arts as a child in China to becoming K-pop’s biggest Chinese star.The never-ending K-pop wave continues to sweep the entire globe with its perfectly produced videos, crisp dances, and catchy tunes. Today, K-pop supergroup SuperM have released their long-awaited new single “100,” which is another step closer in the countdown to the release of their first full album later this year.

SuperM is not only a supergroup because it fits the name, but also because they were formed as a combo of one of Korea’s top production companies SM Entertainment’s most successful groups. In 2019, SM Entertainment announced that members from their groups Shinee, Exo, WayV, and NC217 will be joining together to create SuperM. The groups have respectively sold millions of records, sold out hundreds of tours across the world, and have been majorly successful inside and outside of Korea.

Today, they released their new single “100,” which celebrates all things fans love about K-pop: flawless choreography, a mix between rap and harmonizing voices, bright colors and a group of performers excelling at their craft. If you ever had to introduce someone to K-pop, this would surely make a fine example of the genre.

The single is available today on all major streaming platforms and you can check out the video below:A cantora canadense Somi, de 19 anos, uma das apostas do K-pop, ganhou seu primeiro prêmio hoje pela música "What You Waiting For". A entrega aconteceu no "M Countdown", um programa de televisão musical sul-coreano transmitido pela Mnet e exibido semanalmente, que descobre talentos do gênero musical.

Alguns minutos depois de ganhar o troféu, Somi se apresentou com ele nos braços e, sem querer, deixou o prêmio cair no chão! A artista não escondeu a carinha de decepção, foi abraçada por dançarinas, catou os pedacinhos do chão e voltou a cantar, segurando o choro! Tadinha!

Na internet, os fãs da cantora logo se manifestaram deixando mensagens de apoio! E acharam o culpado desse momento de distração da cantora pop. Ela chupou um limão enquanto cantava, pouco antes de deixar o prêmio cair! É muita informação, né?

O clipe de "What You Waiting For" já está com mais de 17 milhões de visualizações!

Somi é filha de uma coreana com um canadense e ficou conhecida após vencer o reality show "Produce 101", da Mnet. Em seguida, ela estreou no grupo feminino sul-coreano I.O.I, que foi desfeito em 2017.

Somi começou sua carreira solo em junho do ano passado, após lançar o single "Birthday". O clipe tem mais de 80 milhões de visualizações no YouTube.

Parabéns, Somi! Que venham muitos prêmios para você colecionar!The League of Legends K-Pop group, K/DA, is releasing a new single called ‘The Baddest’ and Riot Games are updating Evelynn, Kai’Sa, Akali, and Ahri’s styles to celebrate their follow-up debut.

In the lead up to the song’s release, Riot have been teasing new ‘pre-release outfits’ for the popular League champions as the days wind down to the August 27 premier of the group’s second track.

While the only full-length character preview of the group is in the form of a blacked out silhouette at the header of K/DA’s new Twitter profile, the account has been slowly rolling out what to expect for every champion.

In the debut, Riot not only released an incredible music video to accompany the wide release of the song, but included their new digs in League of Legends for players to buy into.

With excitement building for the second single, the devs could be giving people a taste of what’s to come by showing off the first look at new K/DA skins.

A few days after announcing the premier date for The Baddest, ‘The Queen’ Ahri was shown with a black lace outfit that is a change of pace from the white, gold, and purple themed design from 2018.
• Read more: G2 Perkz reveals which League champion he wants to see removed

What’s giving League players a reason to believe this design will eventually be an in-game cosmetic is that they come with signatures of each individual character.

Signatures are included for the commemorative skins awarded to that year’s World Championship winners since 2016.

On August 24, Riot released another look to the K/DA collective, this time with jungler Evelynn showing off her new hair and accompanying silver claws.
• Read more: Riot confirm no Ryze buffs on League Patch 10.18 despite low winrate

She too has an all-black outfit with only lavender highlights that matches the character’s traditional palette.

Even Seraphine, another Twitter account that could be a live-teaser for a new LoL champ, praised the design, saying: “I bow to my Queen.” Interestingly, Evelynn has been given the descriptor of ‘The Diva,’ unlike Ahri.

The third teaser for K/DA’s renewed style showcased Kai’Sa in a brand new design that mirrors the group’s new direction.

Named ‘The Dancer,’ the alternate style for this rendition of Kai’Sa is already a hit among fans who can’t wait for the full reveal.

When K/DA debuted, Kai’Sa was 2018’s first champion release and an incredibly popular character among general audiences.

The final member to be debuted is none other than Akali, or as she’s simply known this time as ‘The Rebel.’ After the first single from the K/DA group, Akali and her alternate look in neon lighting, became an instant favorite among League players

Now the rebel is going to be more in-line with the rest of her group mates this time around, as she adopts the same black get-up the others have been showcased wearing.

With all the K/DA members revealed before The Baddest’s release, League fans are eager to see how they all fit together in their full reveal once the single drops.Jakarta (ANTARA) - Seorang bermarga Kim (23) penggemar berat grup idola K-pop EXO dan saat grup idolanya itu menggelar konser selama tiga hari di Seoul tahun lalu, dia tinggal di hotel dekat gedung konser untuk menonton semua pertunjukan.Suatu kali, Kim menunggu lebih dari 15 jam, hanya untuk melihat EXO berjalan di karpet merah selama beberapa menit.Tetapi Kim merahasiakan semua yang dilakukannya itu. Orang-orang di sekitarnya hampir tidak ada yang tahu kesukannya pada EXO."Saya mulai fan-girling saat usia 16 tahun. Awalnya, saya tidak memberitahu saya penggemar K-pop dan biasa mengunggah banyak foto penyanyi favorit saya di akun media sosial saya. Tapi suatu hari, ibu saya berkata dengan cemas, 'Kamu sudah cukup dewasa - tidak boleh' Apakah kamu tidak berkencan atau bergaul dengan teman-temanmu daripada mengejar para penyanyi?,'" kata Kim seperti dilansir dari The Korea Times, Sabtu.Kim mengatakan, banyak dari teman-temannya yang memiliki sudut pandang sama seperti ibunya. Ketika berbicara tentang K-pop, ada ekspresi wajah yang tak biasa dari mereka."Setelah menyadari betapa negatifnya pandangan orang terhadap penggemar K-pop terutama mereka yang sudah dewasa, sehingga saya memutuskan untuk merahasiakan," kata dia.Puluhan penggemar internasional mengungkapkan juga enggan mengukung K-pop secara terbuka. Seorang pengguna online menulis pada tahun 2017 di Quora, sebuah situs tanya jawab Amerika, dia tidak bisa membahas tentang K-pop secara bebas."Saya lebih suka diam jadi saya tidak akan mendengar orang lain mengatakan hal-hal buruk tentang K-pop. Saya banyak dikritik, karena menjadi penggemar K-pop," kata seorang yang tak disebutkan namanya itu."Penggemar budaya pop sering diejek karena memiliki selera yang rendah. Narasi yang paling merusak, semua penggemar K-pop dianggap sebagai gadis kecil yang belum dewasa. Saya benci melihat usia dan jenis kelamin digunakan seperti senjata melawan penggemar K-pop," ujar asisten profesor Kebudayaan Korea di Indiana University, Amerika Serikat, CedarBough Saeji kepada The Korea Times.Di Korea Selatan, bahkan ada istilah merendahkan yang mengacu pada penggemar K-pop, yakni "Bbasooni," yang berarti seorang gadis penggemar yang secara membabi buta mengejar penyanyi pria yang lebih tua.Istilah ini diciptakan pada tahun 1990-an ketika artis pria seperti band rock Seo Taiji and Boys menjadi terkenal dan memukau banyak wanita yang menginvestasikan banyak waktu dan tenaga dalam aktivitas sebagai penggemar.Selain itu, ada juga yang sampai melewati batas dan berubah menjadi "sasaeng". Mereka mengikuti penyanyi idola sepanjang waktu, mengganggu privasi mereka dan menyebabkan ketidaknyamanan bagi orang lain.Pada 2019, empat penggemar grup idola K-pop Wanna One memaksa ratusan penumpang dalam penerbangan menuju Seoul di Bandara Internasional Hong Kong turun sesaat sebelum lepas landas dan menjalani pemeriksaan keamanan lainnya.Mereka memesan kursi di pesawat hanya untuk melihat lebih dekat personel Wanna One dan setelah melihat sang idola, mereka meminta pengembalian uang dan berusaha turun dari pesawat.Kritikus Jung Yeon-kyung mengatakan ada kasus lain perilaku berlebihan seperti ini. Ketika seorang penyanyi memicu kontroversi, beberapa penggemar secara membabi buta membela bintang mereka karena kasih sayang," katanya."Untuk non-fans, ini sulit dipahami," kata dia.Orang-orang seharusnya menahan diri menyimpulkan semua penyuka musik K-pop berperilaku buruk.Kritikus musik yang berbasis di Seattle, Kim Young-dae menambahkan istilah Bbasooni pada dasarnya adalah misoginis."Ketika seorang pria mencurahkan uangnya untuk mobil atau barang mahal lainnya, dia biasanya bebas dari kritik. Tapi ketika berbicara tentang penggemar K-pop wanita, banyak orang mengira mereka mencari bintang tampan," tutur dia.Faktanya, episode penggemar obsesif seringkali lebih disorot daripada mereka yang tidak, misalnya hanya menikmati karya musik atau film, drama sang idola atau sesekali datang ke acara yang diadakan idola.Sebagian penggemar K-pop bahkan melakukan banyak hal baik, misalnya membawa artis favorit mereka ke audiens yang lebih besar atau bahkan mendonasikan sesuatu untuk orang yang membutuhkan dan menyebutkan nama idola mereka."Mereka menyumbang untuk kegiatan amal dan menghabiskan banyak waktu mempelajari tentang negara, budaya, dan bahasa baru. Saat dunia belajar tentang sisi fandom ini, saya pikir itu benar-benar meningkatkan citra penggemar," ujar Saeji.Penggemar global grup idola K-pop Bangtan Sonyeondan (BTS), yakni ARMY pernah menyumbangkan 1,2 miliar won atau sekitar Rp 14 miliarpada Juni lalu untuk mendukung gerakan Black Lives Matter (BLM) dan memerangi ketidaksetaraan rasial.Fandom grup idola K-pop EXO yakni EXO-L menyumbangkan lebih dari 12 juta won atau setara Rp 147 juta pada bulan Maret untuk membantu memerangi COVID-19."Sangat penting bagi beberapa pengikut K-pop yang obsesif untuk mengembangkan sikap yang lebih rasional dan kritis, tetapi publik juga harus dapat menghormati selera para penggemar," kata Young-dae.Kritikus Park Soo-jin mengatakan, penggemar K-pop tidak harus berusaha mengubah persepsi publik tentang mereka. Mereka hanya harus memastikan tetap berpegang pada moral saat menikmati kegiatan penggemar mereka."Publiklah yang harus menyadari pengaruh positif dari fandom dan mencoba membuang prasangka buruk terhadap penggemar, " ujar dia.Диеты айдолов кажутся странными и даже опасными. Но на них сидят тысячи подростков.

Корейская популярная музыка, или просто K-Pop, всего за несколько лет обрела миллионы фанатов по всему миру и превратилась в масштабную индустрию. Конкуренция там настолько высока, что для успешной карьеры красивого голоса и хорошего репертуара недостаточно.

Айдолы должны соответствовать весьма специфическим корейским стандартам красоты. К ним, среди прочего, относится и стройная, даже худощавая фигура. В погоне за идеальной внешностью популярные исполнители часами занимаются в тренажёрных залах и придерживаются строгих диет.

Едва ли не у каждого айдола есть собственные секреты питания, которыми они, впрочем, с радостью делятся с поклонниками. Однако в основе большинства рецептов похудения корейских селебрити лежит принцип минимизации калорий. И некоторые диеты выглядят по-настоящему экстремальными.

Специалисты предупреждают, что слепое подражание кумирам и стремление выглядеть как худощавые звёзды K-Pop может привести к негативным последствия для здоровья. Жёсткие ограничения в питании могут привести к истощению организма, спровоцировать расстройства пищевого поведения, в том числе анорексию. Особенно внимательно к сокращению калорий стоит относиться подросткам, а именно они являются целевой аудиторией этой музыкальной индустрии.

Самая популярная корейская группа – бесспорно бойз-бенд BTS. Они удерживают лидерство не только в родной стране, но и во всём мире. Солист коллектива Пак Чимин признаётся, что легко набирает вес, поэтому часто обращается к диетам. Рацион певца в это время состоит из рыбы, морепродуктов, имбирной стружки, огурцов и капусты, а общее количество калорий не превышает тысячи в день.

Артист не скрывает, что нередко из-за ограничений ему не хватает энергии для репетиций и танцевальных тренировок. Были случаи, когда он прямо во время занятий падал на пол от изнеможения. Однако такой подход позволяет сбросить около 7 килограммов в течение недели.

Звезда группы 2AM Ли Чанмин долгое время выбивался из тренда и весил более 100 кг. Однако желание соответствовать коллегам вынудило его всерьёз заняться собой. Кумир признался, что похудеть ему помогла жёсткая диета и спорт. По словам певца, в день он съедал не больше двух упаковок сыра тофу и бегал в течение шести часов.

Питание раз в день

Один приём пищи в день – тоже распространённый среди корейских звёзд метод похудения. Вряд ли его можно назвать правильным и эффективным. Однако Сон Гаин из Brown Eyed Girls и Сою из Sistar уверяют, что оставаться миниатюрными им помогает именно одноразовый режим питания.

Интересно, что размер порции и сами продукты никак не ограничены: есть можно что угодно и сколько угодно.

Одна из самых популярных поп-див Южной Кореи Ай Ю тоже внимательно следит за калориями. Каждый день она начинает с одного яблока, на обед ест сладкий картофель, а вечером выпивает протеиновый коктейль. Поклонники удивляются, как при таком рационе певице удаётся находить силы для танцев, съёмок музыкальных клипов и концертов.

Пользуются популярностью у звёзд K-Pop и овощные диеты. Участница проекта Sistar Дасом потеряла 7 килограммов благодаря такому способу. Девушка ела исключительно огурцы, помидоры, морковь и фрукты. В день такая пища давала ей всего 290 ккал. Также в её меню был коричневый рис и органический хлеб.

Суть этого метода заключается в трёхразовом питании. Причём набор еды на завтрак, обед и ужин одинаковый – кусок хлеба, два варёных яйца и стакан диетической колы. Энергетическая ценность такого меню невелика – всего 650 ккал. Хотя такая диета и кажется странной, она пришлась по душе многим корейским исполнителям и их поклонникам.