If there's one rule on social media that people can agree on, it's this: Don't cross K-pop stans. With tens of thousands of K-pop fan accounts posting over six billion tweets last year, they have become one of the strongest forces on social media.

Floyd, 46, died last week in police custody after former Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin pressed his knee on his neck for nearly nine minutes during an arrest. His death has sparked nationwide and international protests.

Hashtags like #BlackLivesMatter and #BlackoutTuesday have been trending on social media as Americans demand justice for Floyd. But many who oppose the BLM movement have been countering those hashtags with their own, such as #WhiteoutWednesday.

So K-pop fans did what they do best: Post countless memes and videos of their favorite groups, this time using the anti-black hasthtags to drown out those voices.K-pop fans around the world have joined forces to drown out online opposition to the Black Lives Matter movement, flooding social media with videos and images of their favourite artists alongside the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag and other racist content.

While their collective action meant the hashtag, as well as #WhiteOutWednesday and #BlueLivesMatter were trending in the top 10 on Twitter in the US earlier this week, the accompanying messages and attachments were emphatically off-message.

Posts from K-pop stans – slang for obsessive fans – came with anti-racist messages and video footage of artists including the boy band phenomenon BTS and the rapper Ryujin.

The social media bombardment saw K-pop fans commandeer rightwing and pro-Donald Trump hashtags to drown out racist and offensive posts, including criticism of protests in the US against the killing of George Floyd, an unarmed black man who died in police custody in Minneapolis last week.

Instead of revealing opposition to the Black Lives Matter movement, clicking on #WhiteLivesMatter revealed thousands of messages of support for protests that have rocked the US for almost two weeks.

Followers of South Korea’s most successful cultural export had already used their organisational skills to sabotage a request by the Dallas police department for video evidence of illegal activity during last weekend’s protests.

The barrage of videos of singers, gaming clips and even anime GIFs apparently overloaded iWatch Dallas, forcing the city’s police department to announce it was temporarily removing the app “due to technical difficulties”.

Some users later “invaded” other hashtags, including #AllLivesMatter and #ExposeAntifa, an attempt to discredit the anti-fascist movement.

Their efforts were applauded by other internet activists, with the hacktivist collective Anonymous tweeting: “Respect out to the Kpop Stans”.

As their fans mocked the online far right, BTS made a rare foray into politics, voicing solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement.

“We stand against racial discrimination. We condemn violence. You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together. #BlackLivesMatter,” the band told their 26 million followers on Twitter.In an anti-racist move that demonstrates their formidable social-media power, K-Pop fans took over the hashtag #whitelivesmatter, drowning out white-supremacist messages with nonsensical or anti-racist posts. The move was met with wide approval early Wednesday morning.

“#WhiteLivesMatter LMAO I WAS READY TO INSULT THE SH– OUT OF EVERYONE,” one poster wrote. “THEN I SAW THAT K-POP STANS ARE DESTROYING THE# DAMN NEVER THOUGHT I’D BE THAT HAPPY SEEING K-POP FANCAM”

“Imagine trying to trend #WhiteLivesMatter like a typical racist and Kpop fans said “Not on my watch bitch,’” another wrote.

While some of the posts were met with anger and hostility from people who didn’t get the joke or responded just to the hashtag, far more signaled their approval. At least for a period of time, the posts completely buried nearly all actual racist messages using the hashtag. The fans are likely based in the U.S., as many of them have American accents and fans in Korea are less active on Twitter.

The move quite possibly was inspired a social-media snafu that took place less than 24 hours earlier during “Blackout Tuesday” — in which the music industry basically stopped everyday operations to protest police violence against the black community, and strategize on ways to support it.

Many people who had been expressing solidarity by adding the hashtag of the activist organization #BlackLivesMatter to their posts were criticized for unintentionally drowning out that organization’s messaging regarding protests, bailout information and similar issues.

“We know that’s it no intent to harm but to be frank, this essentially does harm the message,” activist Kenidra Woods posted on Twitter. “We use hashtag to keep ppl updated. PLS stop using the hashtag for black images!!”

K-pop fans made a similar mobilization on Tuesday, in response to a call from the Dallas Police Department to send videos of “illegal activity from the protests” that took place over the weekend using a special app called iWatch Dallas, as reported by The Verge. K-pop fans deluged the software with content from music artists, gifs and games. The following day, Dallas police tweetedthat “due to technical difficulties iWatch Dallas app will be down temporarily.”NEW YORK, June 29,2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Producers Tim Forbes and Joey Parnes announced that, due to social distancing guidelines, the global open (virtual) casting call for the upcoming premiere of KPOP, the Broadway musical, continues. Talented performers of Asian descent in their 20s are encouraged to visit kpopbroadway.com/casting in order to submit audition materials (detailed below).

KPOP was conceived by Woodshed Collective and Jason Kim and features a book by Mr. Kim; music, lyrics and music production by Helen Park; and music and lyrics by Max Vernon. Directed by Teddy Bergman and choreographed by Jennifer Weber, KPOP is currently scheduled to premiere on Broadway in 2021.

Mr. Forbes and Mr. Parnes in a joint statement said, "By taking any kind of geographical barrier out of the audition process, we are able to open up our pool of hopefuls to, quite literally, the entire world. We've seen the impact of the K-pop fandom and hope that our show will be meaningful to K-pop and Broadway fans alike. An open and global casting process reflects the way we intend to reach out to audiences and the way we hope audiences will embrace our show."

"Discovering new talent should be a priority of every working Asian American artist. By opening the doors to our casting process, we are aiming to forge a new generation of talent, to put people on stage who often do not get to be on stage. We know that you are out there! Please walk through our (virtual) doors," says Mr. Kim.

Mr. Bergman added, "As anyone who knows the world of K-pop understands, this show requires the very highest level of triple-threat talent, and we are determined to assemble the cast of our dreams despite the difficulties imposed by the pandemic. The K-pop talent out there is staggering, and we can't wait to bring it to Broadway."

To be considered, individuals auditioning should submit: 1. a video singing a contemporary K-pop (or pop) song; 2. a dance reel, clip of a dance performance, or short video that shows dance abilities; and 3. a resume or a brief description of singing / dancing / acting / performance experience.

The musical craze of K-pop, which started in South Korea, has become enormously popular around the world, and soon New York audiences will be able to experience this excitement for themselves.

Claim your backstage pass and dive inside the high-stakes world of K-pop with this exhilarating new Broadway-bound musical. As global superstars put everything on the line for a special one-night-only concert, one singer's inner struggle threatens to dismantle one of the hottest labels in K-pop. Pulsing with infectious beats, electrifying choreography, and breathtaking joy, KPOP, the Broadway musical, is an all-consuming multimedia experience that explores the relentless discipline, raw talent, and commercial ambition behind the heart-thumping international phenomenon.

An earlier version of the show, produced by Ars Nova in association with Ma-Yi Theater and Woodshed Collective, played to sold-out crowds Off-Broadway in the Fall of 2017, and was the recipient of the 2018 Richard Rodgers Award, three Lucille Lortel Awards, including Best Musical, the Off Broadway Alliance Award, and seven Drama Desk Award nominations.

"I defy you not to enjoy KPOP."

– Time Out MagazineK-pop artists from various genres have openly expressed their support behind the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement in the United States, condemning racism and paying homage to African-American culture as an important source of inspiration for modern day K-pop.

 R&B artist Crush is among the K-pop recording artists to raise their voices via social media. The singer, hip-hop star posted an image on Monday that said, "It is not enough to be quietly non-racist, now is the time to be vocally anti-racist."

 Along with the image, Crush wrote: "Many artists and people around the world get so much inspiration from black culture and music, including me. We have a duty to respect every race." 

 Jay Park, founder of hip-hop label H1GHR Music, also took to Instagram to express rage against the U.S. police killing of George Floyd that stoked anger and protests across America.

 "Nobody wants to admit it cause they are all afraid of taking responsibility for countless years of unjust inhumane treatment," Park said about racism in America. 

 H1GHR Music postponed the release of a track produced in collaboration between Park and label mates Sik-K and Haon in solidarity of the "Blackout Tuesday" movement, in which major U.S. music labels decided on a one-day moratorium on business as a means of identifying with the protest.

 The label also put up a photo of their artists holding up a Black Lives Matter signs and announcing their recent decision to collectively donate US$21,000 to the Black Lives Matter Organization.

 Boy band GOT7's member Mark also wrote on Twitter, "Stay strong, stay safe," along with a website link to provide support and donations for the BLM movement. Mark also attached an image showing that he donated $7,000 to the BLM cause.

 Amber, singer-producer and member of girl group f(x), had a more critical take on the matter, lashing out at U.S. President Donald Trump for what she described as "promoting racism."

 "We need to stand together because our brothers and sisters of the black community are dying just for existing," wrote Amber on Twitter.

 Eric Nam also fumed anger, calling for involvement and engagement ― "It does not matter what color your skin is, this affects you. Racism is not dead," his recent Twitter post said. "Sign the petitions, raise your voice and do what you can." 

 Jae of JYP band DAY6 also shared details of his donation to the Minnesota Freedom Fund, an American local nonprofit fund that supports the BLM cause. Singer Yubin, former member of Wonder Girls, also posted an image with Black Lives Matter translated into several different languages.

 Jo Kwon of 2AM also wrote in Korean, "It's not their problem, it's humanity's problem," with the hashtag #blacklivesmatter and #georgefloyd. NCT 127's Johnny also posted on Instagram, "Please let everyone be safe. I see you, I care for you," with the BLM hashtag.

 Responses at home and abroad from fans of K-pop stars have mostly been positive, with supporters lauding and thanking the artists for rolling up their sleeves to show support toward the African-American community, which has a growing K-pop fan base.

 Some, however, argue that K-pop artists, given their growing influence on the international stage, can do much more, demanding that the message and support from stars be expanded and sustained.

 "It needs to be something they continue to believe and implicate in their actions as an idol and a human being. We want donations. We want direct support," said Ahomari Turner, 28, from Columbia, South Carolina.

 Turner, an African-American podcaster and a fan of K-pop since 2008, added that she would "appreciate it if they do more."

 Observers also pointed out the K-pop industry's culture of strict contractual obligations potentially acting against artists making stronger actions and statements.

 "The idols that have spoken out, even if it is the bare minimum I still appreciate it. It lets me know that they're aware and hopefully their awareness spreads to their Korean fans," said Chermel Porter, an African-American freelance music writer based in New Jersey.

 "In the end, just because a group doesn't speak out, it does not mean that they don't know about what's going on. I understand the contract issue with some agencies." (Yonhap)When the sudden death of singer Yohan from boyband TST came to light this week, the group’s agency KJ Music Entertainment put out a statement pleading with the media to refrain from speculation over the cause of his death at his family’s request, which has yet to be revealed.



As the local media at large reported on the sad news as a standalone incident, the news soon reached the other side of the world. 



The Daily Mail covered the story with a list titled “A year of tragedy and scandal for South Korea‘s K-pop industry” that dated back to last March, from the Burning Sun sex and drug scandal involving former Big Bang member Seungri, Kang Daniel taking a break for his mental health’s sake to the death of actor Cha In-ha in December.



The Guardian also ran a story with the headline “K-pop singer Yohan dies aged 28,” dedicating half of its near 200-word story to highlighting a list of celebrity suicides in South Korea – From Kim Jong-hyun to Goo Hara and Sulli. The article was at one point the second most popular piece on the newspaper’s website.



However, when the news of the death of Caroline Flack -- a British TV presenter famed for her appearance on reality show “Love Island” -- broke, the initial reporting of the Guardian’s sister newspaper the Observer steered clear of drawing comparisons to two Love Islands contestants -- Mike Thalassitis and Sophie Gradon -- who had both died by suicide in recent years.



While this week’s reporting might be a mere coincidence, critics say international media often lump things together when covering the multi-billion dollar K-pop industry.



“When we are talking about the media coverage of K-pop in North America, one of the challenges I see often is that news stories or features are always trying to make a blanket statement and encapsulates [it] as ‘this is K-pop,” says Dr. Michelle Cho, a media scholar at the University of Toronto.



She said that much of the reductive media representation of K-pop comes from the idea that ‘this novelty, outside phenomenon needs to be encapsulated by this one 500-word or 1,200-word story.’ 



“That’s not going to work,” she added.



Joy Park, a K-pop journalist, who has interviewed K-pop stars including J-Hope of BTS and Chung Ha for her book “Our Stage Will Continue,” says the international media coverage of South Korea’s pop music scene tends to be one-sided, focusing on the negative.



“From a certain perspective, you can say that some elements of the training system are a cultural product of child exploitation.



“But when a South Korean idol takes their own life, the international media creates a narrative that makes suicide appear to be simply the result of the idol system, without considering the context in which these things happen in South Korean society, perpetuating the negative perception.”



Another common media trope about K-pop goes that idols within the industry lack originality and autonomy, as one viral YouTube video “The Late Capitalism of K-Pop” claims, “Because of the nature of the business, the individual idols have virtually no autonomy in the production process.”



Though some idols do feel boxed in by the idol training system, Park says that there is a tendency in the international media to strip idols of their autonomy in their decision to work hard to realize their dream of becoming an idol – a view she says has gained traction in the wake of K-pop’s success. 



“I do believe that the rise of singers from the East who are idols with a big following in the West might have been a hard pill to swallow,” she said.



The factory-made trope goes back as far back as 2012 when the New Yorker published a story called “Factory Girls.”



In it, music critic John Seabrook writes, “On one occasion, in a hotel lobby, I strode up to what I thought was a cutout of a K-pop idol, only to find that it was a real woman, who frowned and moved away.”



In Professor Cho’s view, the name of that article conveys what the writer thinks of the industry – factory-made, unoriginal and inauthentic, which she says are often, maybe even unconsciously, influenced by racist tropes.



“I’m sure Seabrook didn’t think of that, but it was embedded in his attitude, his approach,” Cho said.



A couple of months ago, Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of cultural studies at George Mason University, got an e-mail from one editor of a US magazine who asked him about K-pop choreography. The editor thought that the choreography of the K-pop idols may have originated from North Korea’s mass games.



“In South Korea, I strongly believe that nobody actually thinks that. We’ve seen this kind of dance moves from American teen-pop idols before,” Lee said.



“When people find something very strange, they try to find the very origin from other ‘strange’ or ‘exotic’ cultures such as North Korea, which is very interesting,” he said with a hint of sarcasm.



Lee acknowledges the dark side of the K-pop industry – the unequal relationship between the agency and the idol, the tough competitiveness among the K-pop idols and trainees before making their debut, to name a few. 



But he also believes the international media tends to often focus on one aspect, attributing the origin of K-pop to government efforts, like the BBC’s piece “BTS and EXO: The Soft Power Roots of K-pop,” which argues that the wave of South Korean pop culture around the world was a “deliberate government plan.”



“The reason why they focus more on the dark side, rather than other aspects of K-pop or trying to find reasons for its success from the government support or penetration, rather than from the industry itself or the competence of a musician or producer, is perhaps because of ethnic and racial stereotype about a certain culture that they do not fully understand,” he added. 



'Not a K-pop thing’ 



When it comes to covering stories about suicides and sex crimes, the dark side of Korean popular music is nothing more than the dark side of contemporary Korean society, says CedarBough Saeji, visiting assistant professor of Korean Culture at Indiana University in the US.



“Korea is a country where Soranet (illegal pornography website) was able to continue operating for almost a decade, the objectification of women for the enjoyment of others, problems with consent, and slap-on-the-wrist punishments for men who abuse women. These are problems with Korean society, with law enforcement and the judicial system in the country.”



She explains what happened to late singer Goo Ha-ra, who was a victim of revenge porn, also happens to ordinary women.



“She had the law enforcement that was basically dismissing her issues, a judge that at least in large parts understood why her ex would violate her by recording these sorts of videos, a slap-on-the-wrist punishment for her ex and online doxxing. But all of those are problems with Korea, not just for her but ordinary women too,” she said.



“When ordinary Korean women are humiliated and embarrassed in these same ways and also take their lives in these same ways, we hardly hear about it but it’s still happening. So why are we talking about it as K-pop?” 



But comparing what gets written about K-pop now versus ten years ago, Professor Cho says there has been a positive change in K-pop media coverage.



“I think it’s because there’s more awareness on the part of the general public, it’s less of a completely foreign, decontextualized novelty for the general public so writers can talk about things other than trying to give a summary,”



“Pieces that reduce K-pop too much to one reductive idea are often, even unconsciously, influenced by racist tropes like the ‘factory girls’ because Asians are ‘robotic.’ But I think American audiences are becoming more attuned to that and they’ll point it out when they see it,” she said.



By Yim Hyun-su (hyunsu@heraldcorp.com)While legions of their international followers are asking them to express their views about the "Black Lives Matter (BLM)" movement ― galvanized by the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis, May 25, ― numerous Korean fans advise, as usual, them to refrain from weighing in on social or political issues.

 But a wave of stars including BTS, Johnny of NCT 127, Yeri from Red Velvet and GOT7's Mark have broken the silence this time to combat racial inequality, with some even donating cash. BTS and its record label Big Hit Entertainment, for instance, recently contributed 1.2 billion won ($1 million) to the Black Lives Matter Global Network Foundation, Inc.

 It is quite rare for singers to exercise their social/political voice on the K-pop scene, where they are expected to focus solely on musical activities. In fact, there is a rationale behind their silence, according to experts. 



"K-pop is the genre in mainstream in Korea, which means immense capital and human resources have been devoted to it," Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of cultural anthropology at George Mason University Korea, said during a recent interview with The Korea Times at the school in Songdo, Incheon. "Therefore, the singers and the music labels want to avoid any risks that can negatively affect them." 

 He added: "If they take a side in a certain social or political issue ― whether it is national or international ― they can face a backlash from the opposition and fall prey to online trolls. This did actually happen to some Korean celebrities in bygone days." 

 Comedian Kim Je-dong and singer Kim Jang-hoon are often cited as examples ― they have been flooded with malicious comments for their social/political outspokenness that a considerable number of people believe to be "biased." 

 Jin Dal-yong, a professor at the school of communication at Simon Fraser University in Canada, pointed out that the K-pop singers were mostly in their teens or 20s and "were too young to speak up."

 "Since popularity matters to them a lot, they feel even more challenges about raising their voices," he said. 

 Critic Jung Min-jae, who writes for music magazine IZM, told The Korea Times that even in 2016 and 2017, when Koreans held candlelit rallies to support the impeachment of then-President Park Geun-hye over a corruption scandal, no K-pop stars openly expressed their views about the matter. 



"It was like the unwritten law for a K-pop singer to stay mum about social/political subjects," the critic said. 

 Knowing this context, local fans insist that followers abroad, who are not fully aware of the situation, are giving a tall order to their idols by asking them to publicly support the BLM movement. Many people in Korea ― which has long been dubbed a "single-ethnic nation" ― also think that the issues of black people are not directly linked to their life, according to Jung. 

 "They tend to feel distant about the matter and do not see why K-pop stars ― who do not usually comment about national issues closely tied to them ― should stand up for the movement," he said. 

 But international fans have their reasons, too. 

 "From a global perspective, K-pop is still regarded as a subculture and a genre for the minorities. Therefore, many think that the singers should speak up for the minorities, who have given them love and support," Lee said. 

 "K-pop also has been largely affected by black culture, particularly hip-hop and R&B. In fact, almost every idol band has a rapper and a vocalist influenced by R&B. This has given birth to a belief that the singers should show their respect to the original culture by showing solidarity with the movement, if they are truly not a part of cultural appropriation." 



Jin elaborated on this point, saying, "Through the hybridization with African-American hip-hop, K-pop has relayed messages about resistance and social criticism in the lyrics. Hence, global fans have developed an emotional empathy with the musicians, believing their stars would be on the same page with them when it comes to issues like the BLM movement." 

 Jung cited the unique characteristics of K-pop fandom as another rationale. 

 "A K-pop singer and his/her fans are emotionally intimate and the latter tend to think the former will listen to their words, as communication and interaction have played pivotal roles in the K-pop universe," he said. "On top of that, K-pop fans also often take collective action to influence their artists." 

 But this time, a plethora of K-pop stars have publicly stood up for the movement, virtually marking the first time they have been vocal on a social/political issue. Most of these stars have been silent on other hot-button topics such as feminism and LGBTQ. 

 "K-pop singers have built a rapport with numerous black producers and composers through collaboration, so they seemingly felt the need to raise their voice for their acquaintances," Jung said. "It also appears to me that they felt able to speak this time because most of the general public in Korea do not relate themselves much to black people's issues." 

 With K-pop's global ascent, the artists are likely to face comparable dilemmas more frequently in the coming days. Because the stars are expected to fulfill the expectations of not only local people, but also those from other countries, there may have to be a change. 

 "Not all singers should make remarks about a social/political issue, but we need to create an atmosphere that allows them to freely speak up if they want to," Lee said. "Whether to speak or not should hinge on the artists, not anyone else."

 Jin offered a different angle, saying the singers should play a more active role when justice was needed.

 "K-pop stars including BTS have significantly affected the thoughts and behavior of young people by conveying meaningful messages about issues such as social injustice and corruption through their tracks," he said. 

 "If the singers interact with their followers by actively expressing their opinions, this will contribute to the further development of cultural politics."As nationwide protests against police violence and racial inequality continue in the U.S., K-pop fans, famous for their social media savvy, are using their collective power to rally around the Black Lives Matter movement.

K-pop stands for Korean popular music. So far, fans have crashed police department apps and co-opted hashtags. This highlights the subversive tools that have become part of the K-pop standom – which refers to the obsessive, dedicated, diehard fandom – resistance.

When K-pop stars BTS and their company, Big Hit, donated US$1 million to Black Lives Matter, BTS fans mobilized in a #MatchAMillion campaign. They successfully reached their fundraising target in 24 hours.

Big Hit was an outlier. While K-pop fans have received media attention for their support in the Black Lives Matter movement, the industry has largely remained quiet about what has become a global flashpoint. The silence from most of the K-pop industry stands out even more against the unprecedented number of businesses standing with the anti-racism movement as a corporate strategy.

I’m a scholar of popular culture, and my research on K-pop shows how the K-pop industry’s conventional practice of shying away from political issues is currently being challenged by the more politically vocal and engaged fans at the moment of Black Lives Matter.

K-pop is generally understood as a particular style of music produced, distributed and consumed within the idol training and management system.

Under this system, Korean entertainment companies tightly control the images of the young K-pop stars and groom them to become “multi-entertainers” who can make various media appearances and potentially land numerous lucrative endorsement deals and partnerships with brands.

This goal requires K-pop stars to have a broad commercial appeal, secured through their exuberance and exhibition of values that the Korean public approve, such as humility, hard work, discipline and obedience.

The K-pop industry has a long history of staying out of political and social issues. Entertainment companies fear that getting mired in politics will hurt business.

Even when millions of Koreans peacefully took to the streets for 20 consecutive weekends to demand the impeachment of ex-President Park Geun-hye for her role in the government corruption, the K-pop industry and its stars stayed mum.

K-pop’s transnational popularity, especially in East Asia, a region that has complex geopolitics and tensions from unresolved historical conflicts, is another reason the industry stays apolitical.

But due to the differing demands of the Korean fans who want their K-pop stars to advance Korea’s nationalistic causes and the international fans who want the K-pop stars to be sympathetic to their local causes, K-pop’s industry’s desire to maintain “apolitical neutrality” seems to be less tenable.

Even when K-pop stars avoid expressing their political views, geopolitical feuds between different countries in the East Asian region can lead to disastrous financial consequences.

The world saw the result of this in the aftermath of the the U.S. missile defense system’s deployment on the Korean soil. Worried that the sophisticated radar systems included in the system can track China’s own missiles, the Chinese government issued a stern warning that the deployment of THAAD will lead to a disastrous relationship between two countries.

When the Korean government failed to heed to that demand, China banned Korean entertainment and entertainers, leading many Korean companies to see their share prices to dip more than 15% within a month of those retaliatory actions.

With K-pop’s growth into a $5 billion global industry, Korean entertainment companies’ collective silence on Black Lives Matter seems to be less of a viable option when issues of racism and social inequality matter greatly to the American fans whose passion and effective fan labor have been at the center of that global growth.

K-pop’s global success being indebted to Black music and fandom is another important factor to why the K-pop industry cannot ignore the social justice movements that are happening in the U.S.

K-pop’s influence from Black music such as hip hop, rap and R&B is a huge factor in K-pop’s transnational appeal. Lee Soo Man, the founder of SM Entertainment, has acknowledged the connection, saying that K-pop is “based on Black music.”

The founders of JYP, YG and Big Hit Entertainment have all publicly stated their influence from Black artists. The K-pop industry continues to draw inspiration from Black music by hiring Black American lyricists and producers to provide R&B style music.

K-pop’s breakthrough in the U.S. is largely attributed to its transnational fandom base, with Black fans contributing significantly to transform K-pop from a niche genre to a global phenomenon.

In fact, K-pop’s success in the U.S. was possible not because of a white, mainstream audience, but because a small, passionate group of K-pop fans – many from communities of color – discovered K-pop as they sought alternatives to the mainstream popular culture that continues to privilege white representation as the norm.

These fans are not political wallflowers.

American K-pop fans have held American journalists and mainstream media accountable when those journalists and outlets used racist stereotypes to cover K-pop. They have called out a white, Western record executive who expressed his desire to whitewash K-pop by creating a K-pop group without Koreans.

They have also challenged the racist and xenophobic actions of MTV when it created a separate category for K-pop artists called “Best K-pop” while excluding them from the main awards such as “Best Pop” or “Artist of the Year” for Video Music Awards.

For these American fans, K-pop has become a tool for social justice.

However, fans are also looking at this tool in the context of the K-pop industry’s – and the fandom’s – anti-Black racist practices as K-pop is being celebrated as a popular weapon for activism.

K-pop idols have a history of wearing cornrows, braids or dreads, performing in Blackface or making jokes about Black people.

Considering that K-pop is a product of systematic planning and controlled management, these anti-Black performances were done with the approval of the Korean entertainment companies. As K-pop fans in America and around the world are protesting for social justice and racial equality, they are also using the moment to reflect on K-pop’s practices of racism and cultural appropriation.

The current moment is one of reckoning for the K-pop industry, where the narrow nationalism of its apoliticism appears at great odds with its American K-pop fans’ demand for political and social change.

A significant number of K-pop stars have already publicly stated their support for the Black Lives Matter movement.

Korean entertainment companies that generally encourage their stars to refrain from political expressions as part of their management strategy have not stopped them from doing so.

In fact, on June 19, 2020, SM Entertainment, Korea’s biggest entertainment company, released an official statement on the Black Lives Matter movement. It took more than three weeks since the protests after the death of George Floyd and much prodding from American fans who have called out the company to speak out with #SMBLACKOUT movement for the company to issue its support.

However, this shows how the socially conscious and politically outspoken American fans can nudge the K-pop industry to become more political, especially as K-pop aims to stay global.

[You’re smart and curious about the world. So are The Conversation’s authors and editors. You can get our highlights each weekend.]SEOUL (Reuters) - Some tech-savvy followers of K-pop music have emerged as increasingly active players in American politics, but in the birthplace of the genre, South Korean fans are wary that their favourite artists will be pulled into foreign partisan fights.

Fans of Korean pop artists, including the widely popular BTS, have rallied around major U.S. political movements in recent weeks, using their online communities and mobile apps to encourage participation and donations.

K-pop fans and users of TikTok, a popular video-sharing app, claimed partial credit for inflating attendance expectations at a less-than-full arena at U.S. President Donald Trump’s rally in Oklahoma over the weekend.

Earlier this month, they waded into social media protests against racism and police brutality, with BTS fans matching the band’s $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter (BLM).

“The mobile-based communication channels favoured by the millennial generation provide an effective means to quickly spread their political voices and mobilise support,” said Jung Duk-hyun, a South Korean culture critic.

The donation to BLM fits with a long history of BTS and other groups donating to social and humanitarian causes, including supporting Syrian refugees and efforts to stop violence against children.

But the incident with Trump’s campaign rally sparked new debates among fans in South Korea, who don’t appear to have been significantly involved in that effort. Young South Korean artists rarely get involved with their country’s politics, and many fan forums ban political discussions.

Chang Ju-yeon, a 22-year-old student, said that many Korean fans support BTS-led human rights campaigns, but that the singers should not be used in U.S. politics.

“We’re proud that BTS leads those efforts as global artists, and do want to raise voices together on universal issues that earn everyone’s sympathy,” Chang told Reuters.

“But the artists should stay away from domestic politics, as some people could take advantage of their fame for political purposes and it would eventually come back to hurt them,” Chang added.

A spokeswoman for Big Hit Entertainment, the management label for BTS, declined to comment.

Rosanna Scotto, an anchor for a local FOX affiliate in New York, apologised on Twitter on Monday after some fans criticised her for asking K-pop group TXT about the Trump rally during an interview that day. Group members looked confused and didn’t answer the question.

“Wow. We didn’t want you to ask them that rude question about the Trump rally, that’s for sure,” one Twitter user who identified as a North Carolina-based K-pop fan told Scotto.

Scotto replied, “Sorry...it was trending on Twitter. I had no idea that would upset you.”

A post shared on Sunday on theqoo, a popular fan site, that included U.S. news reports about K-pop fans’ disruptions of Trump’s Oklahoma rally was met with mixed responses.

Although some users cheered and made supportive comments, others voiced concerns it would hurt the artists and the K-pop industry.

“There could be differences among fans about how they relate to their stars in their everyday lives, as some might see their online fan group as an exclusive channel to share their interests and love, and others more actively use it as a broader platform to express themselves,” said Jung, the culture critic.

The campaign for BLM largely garnered support after BTS’ donations, but some Korean fans urged those in the United States to stop “forcing others to give money” and respect the rights of individuals to express themselves.

“BLM was understandable as it was about human rights but it makes me uncomfortable to see my idols pop up in Trump-related news,” one fan wrote on Monday on Weverse, BTS’ official fan community app.DAEJEON, SOUTH KOREA - Yohan, a member of K-pop group TST, died last week. He was 28 years old.

“We are sad to relay the most unfortunate, sorrowful news,” wrote TST’s record label, KJ Music Entertainment, in a June 17 release to Allkpop, a U.S.-based Korean pop website. “On June 16, TST member Yohan left this world.”

The cause of his death remains undisclosed. The label shared that they would not reveal the cause of his death to respect his family’s wishes.

“The late Yohan's family is currently in deep mourning,” the statement read. “The family has pleaded that media articles about Yohan's passing, such as those making speculations about the cause of his death, be refrained out of respect.”

Yohan’s death is the most recent in a string of young Korean celebrity deaths in the last year, which include singer and actress Sulli, 25, who died by suicide in October 2019, singer Goo Hara, 28, who died by suicide in November 2019, and actor Cha In-ha, 27, whose cause of death was not disclosed.

News reports say these cases shed light on the dark side of Korea’s entertainment industry, which includes cyberbullying and lack of mental health support.

Yohan’s sudden death came as a shock for many fans because until recently, he was actively interacting with his followers on social media.

Kim Jeong-hwan, Yohan’s real name, was seen interacting with fans last month on V LIVE, a South Korean video streaming service that allows stars to broadcast live videos and interact with fans.

In a V LIVE video published last month, Yohan introduced the novel Everyone Turns 30 by Chae-won Pyeon to his fans and read an excerpt from the epilogue:

“While I don’t desire to be a leading role, has the way I’ve been living my life for the past 30 years been so lousy that I don’t even get to be an extra? Everyone on this stage called life is worthy to get a spotlight, whether as a lead or as an extra.”

“To be honest,” Yohan explained, “this part touched me the most. I’ve always carried a similar thought in my mind. Honestly, I have been thinking a lot on this recently and have tried to look back on myself.”

Yohan communicated with his fans four times through V LIVE in May.

He also participated in TST’s fourth single “COUNTDOWN” which was released in January.

Fans have been expressing their deep condolences to the late singer online.

TST fan and twitter user @igotcaratinyzen paid respects by buying and naming a star after the late singer.

TST fans, also known as “Hanas,” are also streaming their song “Paradise (2018),” noting that Yohan often expressed he wanted this song to become famous.

Fans of other K-pop groups have also expressed their condolences through social media.

Twitter account @GlobalBlackPink, an international fan page for Korean girl group BLACKPINK, paid their respects by refraining from trending any BLACKPINK hashtags June 17.

BTS fan account @btsallure on Twitter also encouraged its followers to stream Paradise.

Other Korean celebrities have been expressing their grief on social media.

Kiseop Lee, former member of K-pop group U-KISS, commented, “I love you a lot, Yohan … I miss you” on Yohan’s last Instagram post published May 31.

Yohan debuted with the group NOM (No Other Man) in 2015 and joined TST (also known as Top Secret) in 2017 as a vocalist after NOM’s disbandment.

TST is most famous for their songs “Mind Control (2017),” “Paradise (2018),” and “Wake Up (2019).”

Surviving members of TST are Ain, Junghoon, K, Yonghyeon and Wooyoung.ARMY

You #MatchedAMillion💜



It's really amazing to see so many of you coming together to support #BlackLivesMatter. Thank you so much to everyone who donated, shared, used the hastag and helped by any means to make this possible! pic.twitter.com/FqUNfsWsIzWho are K-pop fans? It’s a question that not a lot of people bothered to ask until lately. 



But that seems to be changing in the wake of Black Lives Matter protests across the world: K pop fans flooded the Dallas Police Department’s iWatch Dallas app with fancams and took over the hashtag #WhiteLivesMatter on Twitter with anti-racist messages. BTS fans raised $1 million in just over a day for organizations that help black people.



American actor and writer Jordan Peele said he “hearts #kpopstans” in a tweet, professional wrestler John Cena praised BTS and its fans, and the media covered the news extensively.



According to Michelle Cho, a media scholar at the University of Toronto, K-pop fans are “diverse, socially progressive, social media-savvy.”



“I’ve attended KCON a few times now and when you look at who attends K-pop fan conventions, who posts reaction videos, who makes themselves visible in the fandom, you see, at least in North America, that these are predominantly people of color,” she said.



While K-pop is not seen as progressive at home, where it is part of mainstream commercial culture, Cho says that elsewhere -- in places like North America and Latin America -- it remains subcultural. 



“You need to have a certain interest in other cultures and the willingness to put in the time to find information about this culture, looking for translations and ways to access this whole subculture that requires a great deal of media-savviness,” she said.



The fandom also includes a sizable LGBT following, but that requires a more nuanced explanation given the lack of LGBT representation in the music scene -- with the exception of the first openly gay K-pop artist, Holland.





“The relative safety that LGBTQ fans might feel within a fandom space for Asian pop artists has to do with a perceived lack of aggressive heteronormativity” -- which, she also points out, might be “based in racist stereotyped views.”



Despite the diverse and global makeup of the fandom, its members are quick to come together when it comes to achieving a collective goal and that comes from practice. 



“K-pop fans, through K-pop, learn a lot of very valuable political tools -- learning about organizing around causes,” said CedarBough Saeji, a scholar of contemporary Korean culture. “And it can be something free like going to the website of iHeartRADIO and saying ‘I want you to play such and such song’ or you can organize around a cause, and like the latest case, it can require donations.”



She says it’s a form of learning how to form a power bloc.



“I think these young people who are learning today how to use social networking services to do so many things in terms of organizing are going to be a very significant political force in the next decade or so because they know how to organize, how to reach each other, make goals and accomplish them and so much is happening without a single person or overarching leader who is being paid to organize.



“In the future, they could be getting together to achieve goals, for example, like gay marriage,” she said.



OneInAnARMY, for instance, an online group that spearheaded the #MatchAMillion campaign following BTS’ $1 million donation, has a network of fans from different countries with various roles ranging from research and social media to graphic design, with many volunteers doing translation work.



Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of cultural studies at George Mason University, points out that the support the fandom has galvanized for Black Lives Matter in recent weeks is the most political stance it has taken yet.



“Although we’ve had cases like when BTS launched the ‘Love Myself’ campaign with the UNICEF and we’ve known that K-pop fans and musicians can do something, this is the very first moment we are witnessing that K-pop fans can engineer a social movement with a political purpose,” he said.



Though RM of BTS touched upon issues like police brutality in “Change,” his 2017 track with rapper Wale, K-pop as a whole has remained largely apolitical, especially compared with its fans, mostly in hopes of staying politically neutral to be acceptable to a wider audience.



But even that might change soon, as the industry increasingly finds itself under the global spotlight.



“It’s an ironic situation for K-pop. In its domestic market, it’s the mainstream music and distances itself from politics, but outside Korea, it might have to take a different political stance,” Lee said.



Crystal S. Anderson, an affiliate faculty member at George Mason University who will release her book “Soul in Seoul: African American Popular Music and K-pop” in September, agrees. 



“These conversations will continue because K-pop is not separated from the world at large, where these issues still persist,” she said. 



K-pop in the wake of Black Lives Matter



When Black Lives Matter protests began spreading and some K-pop artists and Korean hip-hop artists initially showed support, heated debate ensued over whether others should follow suit. The conversation, however, left many black fans feeling frustrated, especially given the impact that black music has had on K-pop.



“Black fans often call for other fans to learn more about black culture, but I think all fans would benefit from doing so,” said Anderson.



While people often think of genres like hip-hop and R&B as black music, it is also the case for other genres of popular music like rock and house, as well as the sophisticated choreography found in K-pop -- which, she explains, owes a lot to Motown groups of the 1960s.





In a recent Instagram post, singer CL acknowledged the impact of black culture.



“Artists, directors, writers, dancers, designers, producers, stylists in the K-pop industry are all inspired by black culture whether they acknowledge it or not,” she wrote.



As social media often amplifies the loudest voices, though, often not based on correct information, Anderson wants to see change in the online debate, which she says oversimplifies both K-pop and black popular music. 



“One thing that could help is if everybody became just a little more knowledgeable and used a little more context when we talk about K-pop, even when racially related events occur,” she cautioned.



BTS, Monsta X and Ateez are among the groups that have openly supported the Black Lives Matter movement, but BTS led the charge with its $1 million donation.



“If BTS had jumped in immediately and made a statement before there was some conversation developing in the fandom, it would’ve seemed empty and performative,” professor Cho said, calling the group’s response timely and considerate. 



But Saeji argues that allowing idols to choose the topics that they are going to speak on is important.



“Early in their careers, BTS was accused of cultural appropriation, and in my observation, they worked very hard to educate themselves about the history of hip-hop and that’s why they have spoken out about Black Lives Matter. Some idols may not have done that background work, but BTS did it more than five years ago so it was speaking out naturally. I don’t think we can expect every artist to have an opinion on this issue,” she said.



Professor Lee is looking on the bright side. 



“There are African American, Hispanic, white, Asian and Middle Eastern fans of K-pop, so conflict between fans can and will happen,” he said.



But while acknowledging problems like cultural appropriation and ethnocentrism within K-pop, Lee says he doesn’t think it is all negative for the future of K-pop.



“K-pop musicians or the industry are not really familiar with this kind of situation because it used to be music for only locals. But when fans are having conflicts or discussions openly, there will be a possibility for K-pop to be more internationalized and racially, ethnically diversified.”



By Yim Hyun-su (hyunsu@heraldcorp.com)To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Collaboration is in the works between K-pop and K-classic. The Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra and S.M. Entertainment signed a memorandum of understanding Wednesday to spread K-pop and K-classic worldwide by creating content that is not defined by a single genre.Lee Sung-soo, co-CEO of S.M. Entertainment, and Kang Eun-kyung, CEO of the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra, signed the memorandum, marking the first time a leading orchestra has joined hands with an entertainment company. This is also the first time the orchestra has announced plans to perform K-pop music.For their first project, some of S.M. Entertainment’s popular songs will be remade into orchestral pieces. Details will be revealed in early July through SM Station, S.M. Entertainment’s digital music channel.S.M. Entertainment is known for its K-pop groups EXO, Red Velvet, Super Junior, Girls’ Generation and NCT, among others.By Lim Jang-won ( ljw@heraldcorp.comAfter fans of South Korean pop music enjoyed weeks of media attention as an emerging political force, the conversation is now turning partisan in the US.On Monday’s episode of Fox News’ weekly “Fox & Friends,” one host explained the low turnout at US President Donald Trump’s rally on Saturday, then added, “And there were these reports that teenagers on TikTok and fans of the group K-pop took credit because they reserved a bunch of tickets never intending to show up.”As the gaffe concerning the “group K-pop” was met with mockery on social media, Democrats have courted the fandoms, which largely consist of women, ethnic minorities and the LGBTQ community in the US.“KPop allies, we see and appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice too,” lawmaker Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted Sunday.With 2.9 billion tweets related to K-pop this year alone as of mid-June, as Twitter Korea revealed to The Korea Herald, the immense community has also come onto the radar for political supporters.Earlier this month, one grassroots group supporting Democratic president candidate Joe Biden tweeted a picture that said “K-pop for Biden” in the wake of news about the online activism of K-pop fans, as it encouraged American K-pop fans to vote for the candidate in November’s presidential election.But DeAnna Lorraine, a former Republican Congressional candidate who has run against Speaker Nancy Pelosi, amped up the debate as she accused Ocasio-Cortez of soliciting “foreign collusion.”“Is Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez openly admitting that she solicited help from North Korean & South Korean internet trolls to sabotage President Trump’s rally tonight?” she said.“Should she be investigated for foreign collusion?” she asked, despite that many K-pop fans are American nationals.Lee Gyu-tag, a cultural studies professor at George Mason University Korea, says the politicization of K-pop in America might continue in the runup to November’s election.“Both Democrats and Republicans could co-opt or blame K-pop since it’s a hot topic among young people. And using pop music for political purposes is nothing new in the US,” he said.In February, Trump disparaged South Korean film “Parasite” during a campaign rally after it became the first non-English film to win best picture at the 92nd Academy Awards.“We’ve got enough problems with South Korea with trade. On top of that, they give them best movie of the year. Was it good? I don’t know,” the president said.Given Trump’s remarks, Lee says it’s obvious that K-pop fans oppose the US president who is “America-centric” and “ethnocentric.”“In Korea, fans don’t want K-pop artists to be too political, supporting a political party for instance, as they can face backlash and amplify anti-fans. In America, however, K-pop has become a sign of multiracial culture and Trump is the antithesis of that,” he said.Despite Trump’s campaign team boasting 1 million ticket requests on Twitter earlier this month, his rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Saturday was poorly attended, with just 6,200 people at the venue that can accommodate roughly 19,000, according to the Tulsa Fire Department.Brad Parscale, Trump’s campaign manager, has downplayed reports linking the low turnout to K-pop fans and TikTok users. But that did not stop groups like Anonymous from declaring a victory for K-pop.“The operation was a success, K-pop wins again,” the internet group said on social media.Whether it was due to the pandemic or online activism, Ramon Pacheco Pardo, associate professor in international relations at King’s College London, says the lack of turnout was, at the minimum, not good optics.“This was his first post-quarantine rally of the campaign this year. Obviously he wanted it to be full so it showed on TV and other media when pictures were shown.“The people who follow the debate and how this happened will hear about the activists and K-pop stans, for example. But many other people will simply have seen that it’s not the big crowd he used to attract four years ago. The image is bad,” Pardo said.As the story of K-pop fans’ alleged involvement in Trump’s rally made news around the world, boy band Tomorrow X Together was asked about the online activism against Trump during the group’s appearance on Fox 5’s “Good Day New York” earlier this week.The show’s presenter Rosanna Scotto asked, “Do you know anything about the whole movement about TikTok users and K-pop fans getting those tickets for President Trump’s rally and not showing up?”After a moment of silence, the boy band, who was promoting the group’s appearance at a streaming music festival, answered, “We don’t know any of it. We are preparing for KCON:TACT. We are practicing.”The rather awkward exchange didn’t go down well with fans, many of whom felt the politically charged question put TXT on the spot -- a group consisting of four Korean nationals and one Korean-American -- prompting the host to apologize on social media.“This is what I was afraid of,” one fan wrote on Twitter, echoing many fans’ apprehensive feelings toward the seemingly unlikely partisan elements in the media coverage of K-pop in recent weeks.But with Trump, Pardo says the concern is justified.“We’ve seen how Trump weaponizes anything he can. If you look at his trade wars, it can be cultural products, cars, it can be anything. To limit how much foreign culture can be shown on TV and radio stations, for example. I don’t think he’s thinking about doing that. But with Trump, it’s not really out of the question.”Professor Lee is uncertain whether this is good news for K-pop.“I’m not sure whether this will be a good thing for K-pop or not in the long run. The political situation in Korea and America is different and being too political will bring backlash, and artists and agencies will want to stay on the safe side,” he said.“But if this leads to an environment in which K-pop artists can express their political views freely when they want, that will be a positive change.”By Yim Hyun-su ( hyunsu@heraldcorp.comKim Jeong-hwan, known as Yohan in the Korean pop group TST, has died aged 28.

TST’s record label, KJ Entertainment confirmed the news, saying: “We are sad to relay the most unfortunate, sorrowful news. On June 16, TST member Yohan left this world. The late Yohan’s family is currently in deep mourning.” The cause of death has not been announced.

Yohan entered the K-pop scene in 2013 with the group NOM (No Other Man),and in 2017 joined the six-piece group TST, who reached the South Korean Top 30 with their EPs Time’s Up and Wake Up.

He is the latest K-pop star to die young in recent years. In 2015, girl-group hopeful Ahn So-jin died after falling from the 10th storey of a building. The hugely popular Kim Jong-hyun, a member of the band SHINee, killed himself in 2017, while Goo Hara and Sulli, two girl-group singers and actors, took their own lives six weeks apart in 2019 having been subjected to serious online abuse.

In December, Cha In Ha, another singer who also had a promising acting career, died suddenly aged 27, with the cause of death kept private.
• In the UK, Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123 or email jo@samaritans.org. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is 13 11 14. In South Korea, the Korea Suicide Prevention Centre’s number is 82 2-2203-0053 and its email address is spc@spckorea.or.kr. Other international suicide helplines can be found at www.befrienders.org.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The summer 2020 issue of quarterly magazine Koreana: Korean Culture & Arts presents a series of special features under the theme of “Before K-pop: Popular Music since the Korean War.”



“This year is the 70th the anniversary of the Korean War and since Koreana is about culture and art we wanted to cover a related topic,” Koreana Editor-in-Chief Lee Kyong-hee told The Korea Herald.



Lee added that Koreana did not want to do a feature series about topics that have been dealt with before. 



“We’ve seen articles about topics such as literature and the Korean War. Also, K-pop is drawing a lot of people’s attention globally, so we thought that our readers would also have an interest in music that was there before K-pop,” Lee said. 



She added that the readers also enjoyed reading Koreana’s feature article about BTS that was published in the fall of 2019. “We received lots of great feedback,“ Lee said. 



Lee also emphasized that the new edition is special because it is Koreana’s first attempt to connect its articles with content on YouTube. 



“We translated the lyrics of old songs in the magazine and provided QR codes. Readers can listen to these songs on YouTube,” Lee said. 



The magazine has a total of five feature articles about Korean pop music and presents the stories in chronological order.



The first article “Tracks from war-torn years” talks about popular songs from the Japanese colonial period to Korean War. The article touches not only on the popular songs of the time but also how the music industry operated. 



In its explanation of the local music industry, the article highlights both the positive and negative ways that music was used to influence people at the time. According to the article, music during the Japanese colonial period was used to strengthen Japan’s control over Korea, whereas after the Korean War, music was used to help people move forward.



The second feature article is about performances that were held for the US 8th Army in Korea, which went on to greatly influence Korean pop music. 



The magazine also introduces The Kim Sisters, which is the first Korean girl group act to work within the US music industry in the 1950s.



“The first and second article will be interesting to read as it explains the songs during the Korean War and the influence the US 8th Army had here. At the time, the singers who appeared at the US army shows were considered classy. At the top of those performers, there was rock legend Shin Joong-hyun,” Lee said. A story about Shin’s career is included in the publication as well.





“The last feature is about different media and how the way that people consume musical content has changed,” Lee said. “As an editor, it was interesting to find out about auditions and how foreigners are interested in becoming a K-pop star.”



Koreana was launched as an English magazine in 1987 by the Korea Foundation. The magazine is currently being published in 10 different languages including French, German, Chinese, Japanese and Arabic and is distributed to more than 150 countries worldwide.



By Song Seung-hyun ( “The last feature is about different media and how the way that people consume musical content has changed,” Lee said. “As an editor, it was interesting to find out about auditions and how foreigners are interested in becoming a K-pop star.”Koreana was launched as an English magazine in 1987 by the Korea Foundation. The magazine is currently being published in 10 different languages including French, German, Chinese, Japanese and Arabic and is distributed to more than 150 countries worldwide.By Song Seung-hyun ( ssh@heraldcorp.comK-pop powerhouses on Friday participated in a roundtable meeting with Culture Minister Park Yang-woo, discussing the financial difficulties they face due to the ongoing spread of COVID-19.



The meeting, hosted by the Culture Ministry, in addition to listening to the challenges entertainment companies face, was intended to set the agenda for expanding the Korean Wave in the post-coronavirus era.



Eight senior executives of K-pop companies including S.M. Entertainment, JYP Entertainment, Big Hit Entertainment, FNC Entertainment and Starship Entertainment participated in the meeting.



The K-pop companies especially highlighted difficulties stemming from concert cancellations, the ministry said. 



YG Entertainment confirmed Sunday that it had canceled several concerts, including Winner’s three concerts in Singapore and Korea in February and concerts in eight Korean cities by sibling singing duo AKMU in February and March.



“From February on, all the concerts were canceled (due to COVID),” a YG Entertainment official told The Korea Herald. 



With the situation no different for other entertainment companies like S.M. Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and Big Hit Entertainment, the firms asked the Culture Ministry to provide specific guidelines for holding offline concerts during the second half of this year.









In response, the ministry said that it is currently reviewing some of the measures that would allow the companies to hold small concerts in four cities outside of Seoul -- Gangneung in Gangwon Province, Jeonju in North Jeolla Province, Mokpo in South Jeolla Province and Andong in North Gyeongsang Province -- that were picked as tourism hubs. The Culture Ministry said they will make the final decision after discussions with the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.



Some entertainment companies also asked the government to create a separate fund to support businesses related to Korean pop culture during the conference, the ministry said. 



Park also suggested ways to support the K-pop industry’s growth such as government subsidies, tax incentives, and the loosening of regulations related to the export of entertainment products.



“We will actively provide policy support to K-pop industry so that it can become the culture business that represents Korea,” Park said.



Park also praised two successful online concert cases -- SM Entertainment’s “Beyond Live” and Big Hit Entertainment’s “Bang Bang Con: The Live” -- as efforts to prepare for the post-coronavirus era.



The premiere of “Beyond Live” concert held in April which featured SuperM was viewed by more than 75,000 people in 109 countries. Big Hit, on June 14, held BTS’ streaming concert, “Bang Bang Con: The Live,” which drew more than 756,000 viewers from 107 countries. Both events were paid online concerts.



By Song Seung-hyun ( In response, the ministry said that it is currently reviewing some of the measures that would allow the companies to hold small concerts in four cities outside of Seoul -- Gangneung in Gangwon Province, Jeonju in North Jeolla Province, Mokpo in South Jeolla Province and Andong in North Gyeongsang Province -- that were picked as tourism hubs. The Culture Ministry said they will make the final decision after discussions with the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.Some entertainment companies also asked the government to create a separate fund to support businesses related to Korean pop culture during the conference, the ministry said.Park also suggested ways to support the K-pop industry’s growth such as government subsidies, tax incentives, and the loosening of regulations related to the export of entertainment products.“We will actively provide policy support to K-pop industry so that it can become the culture business that represents Korea,” Park said.Park also praised two successful online concert cases -- SM Entertainment’s “Beyond Live” and Big Hit Entertainment’s “Bang Bang Con: The Live” -- as efforts to prepare for the post-coronavirus era.The premiere of “Beyond Live” concert held in April which featured SuperM was viewed by more than 75,000 people in 109 countries. Big Hit, on June 14, held BTS’ streaming concert, “Bang Bang Con: The Live,” which drew more than 756,000 viewers from 107 countries. Both events were paid online concerts.By Song Seung-hyun ( ssh@heraldcorp.comPurchase a Team or Enterprise subscription for per week

You will be billed per month after the trial endsPresident Donald Trump’s campaign rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, this weekend attracted fewer than the expected number of attendees. Concerns about COVID-19 likely kept some people at home, but TikTok users and online fans of K-pop are giving themselves some credit, too.

They reserved tickets to the event with no plans to show up. Whether that prank really depressed turnout is up in the air, but one thing it did accomplish was feeding the Trump campaign a whole lot of bad data. And that is probably going to cost the campaign some money.

Between the campaign on TikTok and the mobilization of K-pop fans across social media, the Trump campaign now likely has tens of thousands — maybe even hundreds of thousands — of people in its database who are not likely Trump voters, potentially corrupting the database the campaign uses to track supporters.

“The kind of voter turnout models that have been built need accurate data for two things,” said Anjana Susarla, a professor at Michigan State University’s Broad College of Business. “One is they need it for voter turnout and also in persuading the persuadable voters.”

Campaigns spend money on text message and email blasts to reach those persuadable voters and to avoid wasting money on fake supporters. They have to spend money to weed them out.

“You’re asking a data vendor to clean it, try to make a match on something like email and ZIP code,” said Lucy Caldwell, a political data strategist who’s worked with Republican campaigns, including Trump primary opponent Joe Walsh. “Then you match it back, you’re probably spending between three and 15 cents a person.”

And the Trump campaign can afford it. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, in April the campaign had more than $107 million cash on hand — almost double that of the Biden camp. The gap narrowed in May, with Trump’s campaign holding $108 million in cash to Biden’s $82 million.

Plus there’s the money and infrastructure of the Republican National Committee.

“We have invested over $300 million over the last several election cycles,” said Liz Harrington, a spokesperson for the RNC. “That all goes directly into keeping those voter files up to date. And as much as accurate as possible.”

Harrington said the “vast majority” of signups for the Tulsa rally were real. Plus, with the data Republicans already have, she said it should be easy to sort the Trump fans from the K-pop stans.

As a nonprofit news organization, our future depends on listeners like you who believe in the power of public service journalism. Your investment in Marketplace helps us remain paywall-free and ensures everyone has access to trustworthy, unbiased news and information, regardless of their ability to pay. Donate today — in any amount — to become a Marketplace Investor. Now more than ever, your commitment makes a difference.The next day, a woman named MaryJo Laupp posted to TikTok a video in which she said, in part, “I recommend that all of those of us that want to see this 19,000-seat auditorium barely filled or completely empty, go reserve tickets now and leave him standing there alone on the stage.” (As of Sunday evening, the video has been seen more than 2 million times.) Soon enough, many young TikTokers were posting their own videos showing them doing just that.

Abigail Reed, a recent high school graduate in Indianapolis who registered for the rally despite no plans to go, said even though the movement “grew pretty large” on TikTok, she still “didn’t expect it to be as big as it was.” The 18-year-old noticed people on the app submitting multiple requests, trying to inflate the numbers as much as possible.

On June 15, Trump’s campaign manager Brad Parscale tweeted that they had received more than a million “requests” to attend the rally. And members of the campaign, including the president himself, repeated the potential “million” number in several media appearances during the lead-up to Saturday.

Those eager to insult Trump reveled in the news. In response to a tweet from Parscale blaming “radical protestors” and “a week of apocalyptic media coverage” for the unexpectedly low turnout, Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.) wrote, “Actually you just got ROCKED by teens on TikTok who flooded the Trump campaign w/ fake ticket reservations & tricked you into believing a million people wanted your white supremacist open mic enough to pack an arena during COVID. KPop allies, we see and appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice too.”

Soon enough, several Twitter trends emerged around the topic. The Trump campaign released a statement about the claims: “Reporters who wrote gleefully about TikTok and K-pop fans — without contacting the campaign for comment — behaved unprofessionally and were willing dupes to the charade. Registering for a rally means you’ve RSVPed with a cell phone number and we constantly weed out bogus numbers, as we did with tens of thousands at the Tulsa rally, in calculating our possible attendee pool. These phony ticket requests never factor into our thinking.”

As the story spread throughout social media, it became slightly twisted — like a message at the end of a game of telephone. The common refrain shifted from “TikTokers and K-pop fans lead Trump to overestimate his crowd” to “TikTokers and K-pop fans are the reason fewer than 6,200 people showed up to the event.” The former assertion is almost certainly true to some degree, but the latter is not only unlikely but probably false.

“People didn’t attend the rally because people decided not to attend the rally. It had nothing to do with TikTok kids or HR Pufnstuf shenanigans,” tweeted “Morning Joe” host Joe Scarborough. “Enthusiasm for Trump is down and pandemic cases are up. The campaign raised expectations too high and embarrassed themselves.”

Writer Parker Malloy also put the blame on the campaign. “You’re giving way too much credit to people on social media and not nearly enough blame on Trump’s failure of a campaign for this one,” she tweeted. “The actual story is that the campaign used to be able to count on massive crowds to show up wherever he went, and figured that this first rally back would be a huge hit. I sincerely doubt they were making decisions based on RSVPs.”

Daniel Radosh, a senior writer for “The Daily Show with Trevor Noah,” tweeted that “the campaign promoted signing up as a signifier of support, which probably got a lot of Trump supporters to request tickets who never really had the commitment to follow through. The same way people RSVP for Facebook events as a Like.”

It’s impossible to know — and irresponsible to speculate — exactly how much influence the TikTok and K-pop fan campaigns had on the actual attendance of the event without seeing every single request receipt. But a few factors suggest that the prank may have at least partly inflated the predicted numbers.

Entry was not ticket-based, but first-come, first-serve, so there were infinite “tickets” available. “They emailed their entire campaign list the Tulsa invite, which also helps explain why a million people signed up. People click buttons,” former Obama administration official Tim Fullerton told The Washington Post. “As someone who has done this before, it’s something that happens.”

Instead, Fullerton said, the online movement probably “made it seem like there were more people interested than they thought, which probably means [the Trump campaign] did less to drive people to the event."

The idea of organizing online to overwhelm a system with requests or reviews is nothing new. Fans or detractors have long grouped up to flood IMDb with reviews of movies that haven’t yet been released as a means of supporting or diminishing them. K-pop fans recently clogged racist hashtags with funny GIFs, rendering them useless. And, indeed, Trump’s critics have often inundated social media with images of empty seats at his rallies.

“The bigger story, long-term, is that it’s really impressive to see young people using TikTok as an organizing tool. And I do think that we're going to see a lot of that in the lead-up to November. That's a difficult audience to reach, so it could be a powerful tool,” Fullerton said.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Online culture loves a vigilante in times of crisis, and many saw parallels with Anonymous, the leaderless hacktivist collective that has, in the past, allied itself with protest movements and doxxed KKK members. K-pop fans are now even making fan videos about Anonymous itself.

This narrative has found traction partly because it plays against stereotypes: K-pop fandom is often dismissed as a monolithic swarm of annoying, shallow screaming tweens who manipulate Twitter’s trending algorithms in order to establish which group or performer is the most worthy. Suddenly being shown evidence that stans are more complex, thoughtful, or socially aware than the stereotype is a surprise only for those who weren’t paying attention.

“There’s a narrative that seems to persist with the general public and the media about K-pop fans, that mostly white, teen girls comprise the fan community,” says Keidra Chaney, a culture writer and publisher of The Learned Fangirl, a website that analyzes and critiques pop culture. “It’s very diverse, not just around race and ethnicity but age as well. The stereotype of ‘giggling teen girls’ does a lot to obscure the diversity of these fan communities and the more complex dynamics of how they interact.”

K-pop’s earliest American fan base was in the Asian diaspora, but then it “spread through communities of young people of color who are interested in other aspects of East Asian popular culture,” says Michelle Cho, an assistant professor of East Asian studies at the University of Toronto. She says fans often tell her that they found K-pop by seeking out non-Western pop culture as an alternative to an American mainstream “in which they feel they are not represented.”

Their ability to dominate online conversation is not an accident: learning how to get views on behalf of your favorite group is part of K-pop fandom. Fans learn tactics to help their groups explode in YouTube views and shoot up the charts whenever they release new material. Groups of stans stream new music videos and tracks on YouTube and Spotify for hours at a time, guided by fan-made tutorials. They make memes, like fancams—short, fan-produced videos focusing on a single performer—and share them widely. They’re so good at manipulating the metrics of social media that people who are new to watching K-pop in action can, on first glance, mistake the accounts for bots.

The genre’s fans have a tendency to prioritize harnessing their numbers for maximum visibility over using their social-media presence to make K-pop more accessible to outsiders, says Cho: “There’s a lot of retweeting, and making one’s influence known as part of an aggregate and not a single voice.”

This skill at redirecting online attention has translated into activism before. There is a long history of K-pop fans organizing around causes in the name of their favorite groups, and not just as a feel-good detour from streaming artists on Spotify: activism is part of participating in the fandom, where good deeds can become another metric. “K-pop fans often use their voices to uplift viral charity campaigns for global nonprofits, often done under the names of their favorite idols,” Chaney says.

In the past decade, this has included donating to create forests carrying the name of their favorite group or idol, creating donation drives, and elevating campaigns promoted by celebrities. “While altruism is definitely a motivation for these campaigns, it’s also an act of goodwill and positive publicity for fans’ favorite artists,” Chaney adds.

This all reached critical mass in the US with the emergence of protests over the killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis. Two days before K-pop stans took down the Dallas police app, fans of Blackpink, a South Korean girl group that regularly breaks streaming records, organized a campaign to stop a Twitter hashtag related to the group’s collaboration with Lady Gaga from trending, instead opting to amplify #blacklivesmatter.

But some stans, and the academics who study them, say that while it’s great to see fans use these platforms for good, the rapid veneration is overshadowing the more complex dynamics underlying K-pop fandom. And, they say, the newfound reputation for anti-racist heroism largely ignores the voices of black K-pop fans, who have struggled with racism and harassment within the community.

“For a lot of black fans, including myself, to see white K-pop fans get praised and credited in the media for anti-racist activism, while black fans have faced (and will continue to face) anti-black harassment online for spearheading these conversations, feels like a punch in the gut—that we are being used for our social currency and then discarded,” Chaney says.

For example, as K-pop’s activism was attracting international news coverage, there was also a harassment campaign targeting fans who were calling out Suga, a member of BTS, an enormously popular K-pop group. They were concerned about a song on a new mixtape in which he sampled the voice of cult leader Jim Jones, whose victims were overwhelmingly black. A lot of black fans were expressing themselves on Twitter and, as a consequence, getting harassed and doxxed by other fans who didn’t want them to say negative things about their favorite artist, says Tamar Herman, a pop culture contributor for Billboard.

BTS itself also remained silent on Black Lives Matter, even as other groups were taking their fans’ lead and making public statements supporting the protests. Finally, on Thursday, the official BTS account tweeted about it.As you know by now, according to the President, nearly one million people requested tickets to his rally in Tulsa this past Saturday. But when all was said and done, fewer than 6,200 people actually showed up.

There are plenty of possible explanations for the dismal turnout. Perhaps support for Trump is declining. Perhaps people decided that attending a large indoor gathering during a global pandemic would not the best idea. Or maybe it was just that a bunch of TikTok teens and K-pop stans decided to orchestrate a viral internet prank.

In truth, it was probably a combination of all three of these things, but it’s undeniably the third one that captured the media’s attention. By Sunday, the internet was abuzz with talk of how young people all over the country had requested tickets in the weeks leading up to the event despite having no intention of ever actually going.

The New York Times reported that after the Trump campaign’s official account posted a tweet asking supporters to register for free tickets using their phones on June 11, fan accounts dedicated to Korean pop music artists — aka K-Pop stans — began sharing the information with followers, encouraging them to register for the rally and not show up. That information quickly spread to TikTok, where it gained even more traction.

But the President’s foiled Tulsa rally is only the latest event in a string of social-media campaigns by K-pop stans, who have used mobilization tactics and knowledge of social algorithms to spread information and support for political and social causes.



A K-pop stan is a borderline obsessive fan of a Korean pop music band or artist. BTS and Blackpink are the two K-pop acts most commonly “stanned.”

If you’ve hung around the internet long enough, you know K-pop stans are notorious for spamming social-media platforms, mainly Twitter, with hashtags and “fancams” of their idols, with the goal of getting hashtags to trend, thereby maximizing views of music videos and “fancams,” and ultimately, boosting their idols’ exposure.

Fancams originated from the K-pop fandom and were initially performance videos zoomed-in on one particular K-pop band member. But in recent years, the fancam has been adopted by stans of different celebrities, and now the term is used to describe any short, edited video of a celebrity.

One of the most common places for these viral fancam tweets to show up is in “cancellation party” hashtags.

How does this apply to the here and now, amid all the social and political unrest?



After the Dallas Police Department asked people to send videos through an app called iWatch Dallas of “illegal activity” during the Black Lives Matter protests, K-pop stans made headlines for flooding the app with fancams and edits of K-pop stars. Within hours, the Dallas Police Department followed up with another tweet saying the app had been taken down due to “technical difficulties.”

Buzzfeed News reported that dozens of people had also given the app a one-star rating on the iOS App Store and Google Play Store, and used their reviews to call attention to Black Lives Matter and justice for George Floyd.

On June 2nd and 3rd, then again this past Monday, K-pop stans hijacked #WhiteLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter, spamming the hashtags (again) with fancams, edits and photos, so any earnest tweets under the racist tags would be almost entirely buried.

So are the K-pop stans going to save us all?



Older liberals and even politicians like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez have applauded the TikTok teens and K-pop stans for their viral prank on the President’s rally on Saturday.

TikTok teens and K-pop stans are absolutely using the internet to organize, share information and voice their political beliefs, and, as MIT Technology Review notes, “these groups are not monoliths” — their goals and actions very much align with those of older liberals in the online #Resistance movement.

That said, while many K-pop stans are mobilizing for a good cause right now, that doesn’t mean that all of them are anti-Trump, nor does it mean they can be weaponized against Trump or for other causes in the future.

“The tactics being employed — such as crashing hashtags, aggregating donations, or bringing attention to certain links or tweets — all of these actions, for the most part, were employed positively for Black Lives Matter,” Miranda Ruth Larsen, a PhD candidate researching K-pop idols, told the MIT Technology Review. But she added that those same tactics are “used against BIPOC (Black, Indigenous and people of color) fans” within the community.

K-pop and its fanbase have also had a long history of cultural insensitivity and questionable appropriation of other cultures, which many music fans have called attention to in recent weeks. Maybe the recent flurry of activity is the first in a series of steps toward righting those past wrongs, and K-pop stans will further develop into an exclusively positive force in the world.The great TikTok teen and K-pop fan plan to embarrass US President Donald Trump at his rally last weekend in Tulsa, Oklahoma, began with a grandmother named Mary Jo Laupp. Two weeks ago the 51-year-old from Iowa made a TikTok video for her 1,000 followers encouraging people to protest against Trump by signing up for his rally online and then not showing up.

The idea wasn’t exactly new. A coalition of online protesters known as the #Resistance—largely older millennial and Gen X Americans who use Twitter to confront the president on his favorite social-media site—had tried similar campaigns in advance of Trump rallies last year, but with little success. Laupp’s message actually worked, however, as TikTok users began responding to her idea with enthusiasm. Then another user asked K-pop stans—that is, highly active and focused fans of Korean pop groups—to help. The message took off, with more than 300,000 people viewing it, and some commenters saying they had registered for dozens of tickets. Critically, the stans didn’t need to develop new skills to do this: they just used the same set of online manipulation techniques they had learned to promote their favorite musicians.

Watching this idea grow in real time, as it attracted media coverage and admiration, meant observing the creation of a myth: that these teens have become politically radicalized, joined the #Resistance, and formed an unstoppable coalition of pranksters eager to embarrass the president.

When they hit Trump where it really hurts—crowd size at rallies is one of his favorite topics to brag about—the #Resistance loved it. And things gathered even more momentum when just 6,200 people showed up to the Tulsa rally, after the campaign claimed that more than 1 million people had registered to attend. Although their true impact on that small turnout is uncertain, Gen Z and K-pop stans were credited with engineering the moment as they and their new fans celebrated online.K-pop stars take part in Black Lives Matter movement BTS has officially shown support for Black Lives Matter movement.

SEOUL, South Korea -- K-pop celebrities have begun to express support for the Black Lives Matter movement online and their loyal fans are following suit.

Boy band BTS fan community ARMY, short for Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth, raised over a million dollars in less than 24 hours, to match one million dollars that their idols donated.

Other K-pop celebrities supporting global protests against racism on social networks include BigBang member Taeyang, Girl band f(x) member Amber, and CL of 2NE1.

Johnny of NCT127 also uploaded a black square with the hashtag, "blacklivesmatter."

Mark from boy band Got7 shared his donation to George Floyd memorial fund, saying "Stay strong, stay safe."

"I believe when idols show public support to a movement, such as Black Lives Matter, dedicated fans will support as well," Kami Rose, originally from Brooklyn New York now teaching at an elementary school in South Korea, told ABC News. Rose has been helping with spreading the word via Instagram.

Toni Creshell, who is helping to lead the Black Lives Matter movement in South Korea, told ABC News, "I applaud them and hope other artists take note."

"Witnessing K-Pop and K-Hip-Hop artists supporting the Black Lives Matter movement is them acknowledging the presence and struggle of the black community within the industry that awarded them their celebrity," Creshell said.

Creshell, who co-founded the Black Live Matter Facebook group in South Korea and helped organize online protests, explained that the music produced by black artists has a major influence on the K-pop and K-hip hop we know of today.

K-pop figures rarely express political comments in public but this time, stood alongside the Black Lives Matter movement.

"K-pop stars are known to be generally apolitical, shying away from making public comments," Ha Jae-keun, a pop culture expert in Seoul, told ABC News. "That is why this time, their voice have a stronger say in the fan community."K-pop is finally colliding with U.S. politics. In recent weeks, as tensions have risen dramatically in the States, K-pop fandoms are making headlines with their activism, disabling attempted government surveillance on Black Lives Matter protests by flooding them with fancams, jamming white supremacists’ communication by hijacking their hashtags, and even derailing a Donald Trump rally by intentionally misleading Trump’s campaign staff into thinking a throng of supporters waited for them in Tulsa, Oklahoma, only to be greeted by a small crowd that barely filled one-third of an arena.

Politicians and media on both sides of the aisle are bewildered and confused by the K-pop revolution. Conservatives are clueless: A Fox News segment referred to “fans of the group ‘K-pop’” who ruined Trump’s rally. (It does not appear that Fox News was referring to the short-lived boy band “K-POP,” which managed to release three studio albums in the early 2000s.) DeAnna Lorraine, a former Republican candidate for Congress in California, accused Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of “foreign collusion” for thanking K-pop fans, claiming Ocasio-Cortez was “openly admitting that she solicited help from North Korean & South Korean internet trolls to sabotage President Trump’s rally.” Liberal media doesn’t fare much better — a Washington Post article explaining K-pop fandom’s political activism led with a picture of K-pop fans in Seoul, belying their unawareness of the fact that K-pop fans in the U.S. are the ones driving this moment.

Even at a time when BTS can crank out three albums that topped the Billboard chart in a calendar year — the first act since the Beatles to do so —K-pop still may be the biggest U.S. pop-culture trend that is least understood. So let’s start with the basics: “K-pop” refers to Korean pop music. Although Korean pop music encompasses many genres and styles, one particular segment of K-pop — “idol” music — is the most publicized presence internationally and in the United States. K-pop idols are recruited at a relatively young age by production companies like SM Entertainment, who put the would-be artists through rigorous training and groom them for stardom. Seo Taiji and Boys, a hip-hop trio who debuted in 1992, is generally considered the fountainhead of contemporary K-pop, although it wasn’t until the early 2000s that K-pop began making waves outside of Korea. K-pop’s first international foray was into nearby Asian countries such as China, Japan, and Taiwan; BoA was one K-pop idol who topped the charts in both Japan and South Korea. Middle Easterners, who were also fans of other Korean pop-culture products like TV dramas, soon followed suit. The immigrant communities from Asia and the Middle East in North America and Europe then served as the beachhead for K-pop’s spread to the Western mainstream.

But why is it specifically K-pop fandom that’s having an impact on politics now, and not, say, fans of Justin Bieber or Star Trek? The path of K-pop’s international development offers a clue. A common misconception about K-pop fandom in the U.S. is that it is largely made up of teenage Korean-Americans — an image that is outdated by about two decades. Since the early 2000s when K-pop arrived in the U.S. largely through young Korean-American immigrants, the music spread to other immigrant and POC communities who were marginalized from mainstream entertainment and sought refuge in Korean pop culture. Today, the K-pop fandom in the U.S. is not very Korean, and not that young either. By most accounts, these K-pop fans are commonly in their 20s and 30s or older, and exist across a broad racial spectrum that includes a big following of Black fans.

K-pop’s message is another factor. To be sure, the current political moment is not driven by K-pop artists themselves, but the K-pop fandom — BTS’s $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter is an exception rather than a rule, as K-pop stars almost never comment on an active political controversy. In fact, they try to avoid even an appearance of political commitment for fear of a backlash. Look at the uproar over Tzuyu, a Taiwanese member of the group Twice: In 2015, for the supposed crime of holding a small Taiwanese flag on TV, Twice and its production company JYP Entertainment faced a massive wave of negative publicity in China, to the point that JYPE and Tzuyu issued multiple apologies. But that does not mean K-pop idols are entirely disconnected from their fans’ activism. Since inception, contemporary K-pop has emphasized empowerment, self-confidence, and social consciousness. Seo Taiji’s group became a sensation in the early 1990s as it became the standard-bearer of the “New Generation” [신세대], South Korea’s analogue to Generation X. To the generation seeking its own identity, Seo Taiji and Boys promoted individuality and conscientiousness for social issues like Korea’s reunification and school violence. Since then, self-confidence and social consciousness have been a running theme in K-pop’s artistry. Many first time K-pop fans, for example, developed a personal connection to BTS through their “love yourself” message and series of albums, an element to their universal-yet-individual appeal that’s resonated particularly strongly within America’s marginalized communities. We’re seeing in real time that this kind of renewed sense of empowerment through K-pop pushes fans to be more expressive in every aspect of their lives — politics included.

The symbiotic relationship between K-pop stars and their fans also makes the fandom’s transition to politics easier. Being a fan of a K-pop idol group is a more involved experience than, say, being a fan of Taylor Swift. In some ways, the experience is more like being a fan of college football. Each K-pop idol group comes with a prepackaged set of markers for its fandom: nicknames for supporters (BTS has its ARMY, Blackpink has Blink), colors (NCT’s color is “pearl neo-Champagne”), chants, and slogans. Each fandom also asks its members to take coordinated action to support its stars, like mass-calling radio stations for song requests or streaming their idol’s music at a certain time, all to help the star’s chart position. To burnish the star’s image, the fan clubs organize donation drives and volunteer services under the idol group’s name. Importantly, all of these activities are organized without meaningful leadership or hierarchy; instead, they are carried out horizontally through real-time online communication on social networks. The net result is an unusually participatory pop culture experience. A K-pop fandom does not like their stars only because of the stars’ music or looks or choreography, although they are often necessary conditions. By dedicating time and effort to support their idols, the most committed K-pop fans cultivate a sense of camaraderie with their stars and, demonstrably more powerful, with one another. As a collective, the fandom becomes an active participant in the idol’s journey to stardom, and the idol’s success becomes the fans’ own success. This experience of organization and participation neatly maps onto political activities. For a K-pop fandom that is accustomed to making its idol’s name trend globally on Twitter in a matter of hours, hijacking a white supremacist hashtag is a walk in the park.

Indeed, in U.S politics, we are only seeing the beginning of K-pop’s potential as a political force and disruptor. So far, K-pop fandom’s energy has centered around Black Lives Matter. But what if that energy was channeled not to a cause or a movement, but to a person? In South Korea, where K-pop-ization of politics has progressed farther along, this arguably happened with its current president Moon Jae-in. Moon’s constituency displays dynamics strikingly similar to a K-pop fandom. Moon fans gave themselves a nickname: alternately Moonpa (colloquially “the Moon family”) or the Honey Badgers (because they “don’t care, don’t give a shit”). Moon fans are more often women in their 20s to 40s, who scream and shout at the president’s public appearances like they would for a K-pop idol. But, crucially, like a K-pop fandom, the Honey Badgers organize in droves to protest, donate, coordinate voting drives, reward favorable media coverage, and dominate social network buzz — and, similarly, all done without discernible leadership or hierarchy. This effort was a major factor in carrying Moon Jae-in to presidency, and maintaining his approval rating higher than any of his predecessors into the fourth and penultimate year of his term.

To the uninitiated, this may seem silly, or worse, a cult of personality. South Korea’s conservatives — as clueless as U.S. conservatives — could not understand how Moon could mobilize such massive action, and suspected large-scale bribery or North Korean interference. (A popular conspiracy theory claims Moon Jae-in has a secret stash of 200 metric tons of gold, greater than the gold holdings of all but 20 countries in the world.) But like K-pop fans, Moon Jae-in’s supporters are not supporting the president because of his good looks. Much more important is the narrative of Moon’s growth as a politician: a son of North Korean refugees who grew up to be a democracy activist and human rights attorney. Moon reluctantly entered politics after his best friend, Roh Moo-hyun, became South Korea’s president in 2003, then was pushed into the leadership position when Roh committed suicide in 2009, as a result of what Roh supporters see as a vindictive prosecution by Roh’s conservative successor. Joining the ranks of Honey Badgers was to join this narrative, and play a role in writing the next chapter of this story: the 2016 impeachment of the authoritarian conservative president Park Geun-hye through a massive and peaceful Candlelight Protest, and restoring liberal democracy in Korea with Moon Jae-in’s 2017 presidential election win. Caring about the country’s direction and participating in politics in order to make an impact on that direction — you could simply call that civic engagement, only in a new format.

Those who care about the future of American politics should take note of the K-pop phenomenon in its own backyard. Eventually, pop-culture trends seep into the political culture: The reality-show boom of the 2000s produced a reality-show president, and hip-hop’s emergence into the mainstream in the late 1990s and later dominance in no small part contributed to the first Black president becoming a more realistic possibility. The K-pop fans of America are disproportionately young, female, and multicultural — the demographic of the future. As the K-pop fandom’s political organization becomes even more mainstream, we may yet see a K-pop president in the coming decades.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.It’s been a good week in the media for K-pop fans. After spending days urging social media support for the Black Lives Matter movement, fans around the world went viral and gained mainstream media attention for their use of K-pop fancams to jam police apps.

The K-pop fandom is just one of the groups online making ingenious use of social platforms to aid in the ongoing wave of protests against police brutality in the wake of the killing of George Floyd. Across the internet, supporters of Black Lives Matter are weaponizing tweets, posts, and hashtags to spread information, protect protesters, and derail racist rhetoric.

Here are a few examples of internet and social media tools playing unexpected roles in the protests.

For those who are new to K-pop fandom, a fancam is a video closeup filmed by an audience member during a live performance by a K-pop idol group. (However, fan-made edits of preexisting K-pop footage increasingly also fall under the umbrella term “fancam,” and while many fans take pains to distinguish between fancams and edits, the average outsider probably won’t recognize a difference.) Fancams usually focus on a single specific member of the group as they sing and dance, and they’re wildly popular on Twitter as a way to advertise favorite groups and celebrate a favorite idol’s talent and excellence.

Fancams have also been the bane of many Twitter users, however, who often find their own viral threads hijacked by users posting fancams to capitalize upon the thread’s popularity. A fancam, then, is sort of a shorthand reference for everything other social media users find annoying about highly visible fandoms: their obsessive, single-minded focus on the thing they like when you’re trying to discuss something else.

Which is all to say that it was a big deal when K-pop fans came up with the brilliant idea to do their usual fancam-spam thing — only this time, they aimed it at cops:

The Dallas Police Department’s iWatch Dallas app is a localized version of the app CloseWatch, created by a company called Zeteky to allow users to submit tips in real time to law enforcement. “It’s our firm belief that if every phone had Closewatch3, the world could be a safer place,” the company’s website states.

After the Dallas police force tweeted a request for the public to submit tips to them through the app during the protests, a viral tweet called for K-pop stans to submit fancams instead in response. The fancam spam would theoretically prevent police from seeing real local videos that might put protesters in danger.

As the idea spread, fans flooded the app, going viral and effectively temporarily disabling the app in the process.

The work of the K-pop fandom was so popular among other Twitter users that people have begun summoning them to apply their trade to other missions.

And the K-pop fans were quick to respond.

K-pop fandom has had its share of internal battles throughout the wave of protests as fans debate how best to show support for issues affecting black citizens, while simultaneously grappling with generalized racism within the fandom and the K-pop industry. But this is also by no means the first time K-pop fandom has rallied behind a political or humanitarian cause, and K-pop fans continued to drum up support for the Black Lives Matter movement in more concrete ways: after news leaked on Saturday that BTS and its studio Big Hit had donated $1 million to the movement’s official charity fund, fans themselves launched a hashtag movement to collectively match the donation, and quickly did so.

The fans also continued to operate systematically when it came to streamlined responses supporting protesters. In addition to shutting down police apps, they led an entirely different trend: Hashtag derailment.

We’ve all clicked on a hashtag and found it to be full of off-topic posts, burying the hashtag’s true meaning. Usually, this cacophony is created by one of two actions: individuals grandstanding in order to chase a viral hashtag for clout, or responding in confusion or outrage to whatever they think the tag is about, generating more confusion and diluting the tag’s original topic.

It’s rarer that a hashtag is derailed on purpose. But white supremacists’ attempts to generate trending tags for the idea that “white lives matter” led K-pop fans to turn that tag against its advocates. Many fans spent days making sure the entire white lives matter hashtag was consumed with fancams, tweets about music, and tweets about people tweeting about music under the tag.

Paradoxically, the virality K-pop fans have gained for this stunt has kept “white lives matter” trending as a topic for days. At one point, Twitter presented it to me as a “K-pop” topic, and even listed the phrase “#WhiteLifeMatter” as a more mainstream “music” topic.

Several Twitter users have pointed out that posting with the racist hashtag keeps ensuring that the racist hashtag will continue to trend, which may be undermining the point that K-pop fans originally wanted to make. On Instagram, although the “whitelivesmatter” tag is completely swamped with K-pop and anime references, white supremacist messages and troll memes also continue to appear. The resulting discord, however, makes the tag more or less useless — and on Twitter, most people, it seems, are delighted by the entire concept:

The K-pop stans aren’t the only ones getting in on the white supremacist hashtag takeover game. Tons of people on Twitter unaffiliated with fandoms have gotten creative with their definitions of “white lives.”

One of the cleverest ways people are using social media to spread information about the protests and related activity is something like the idea of derailing hashtags to advocate for anti-racism. It’s what I like to think of as rickrolling for justice.

You probably already know what a rickroll is, but just to make sure: The concept of rickrolling involves luring someone in with juicy clickbait and then surprising them with a disguised URL linking to, specifically, the music video for “Never Gonna Give You Up” by Rick Astley.

What’s the point? To get your hopes up and then disappoint you, all for the lulz. As much as any meme that technically started in 2007 can be, rickrolling is one of the founding edifices of internet culture: It has always been with us and will always be with us. The concept of rickrolling has become more broadly used to describe surprising someone with something totally unexpected.

That basic concept is applicable to many, many things — including luring people into Twitter threads that promise to spill juicy celebrity gossip, only to rickroll them with information about the Black Lives Matter movement.

Did you think you were about to get a tea-spilling drama about music royalty feuds? Nah — but here are links to resources to help the family of George Floyd.

Capitalizing on some recent Glee-related drama involving former cast members calling out star Lea Michele for alleged racially tinged on-set microaggressions, one Twitter user lured people in with promises of more.

But rather than jaw-dropping stories of on-set misbehavior, the user offered links inviting people to donate to the Black Lives Matter fund instead.

Disney has long made life hell for remixers, artists, and other people trying to make stuff on the internet using Disney characters and images through heavy-handed use of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act’s provision for allowing corporations to pursue alleged infringement by removing from the web any video or image that appears to infringe its copyright. Doing so leaves the alleged infringer to make a case for why their work does or doesn’t infringe. (This copyright ban is colloquially known on the internet as getting a DMCA takedown, or just “getting DMCA’d.”) But savvy internet users have started manipulating Disney’s overbearing use of DMCA takedown requests.

Last fall, for example, a movement spread among artists who found their original work stolen and sold by bots. The bots would upload the artists’ work to internet merchant sites, then profit off selling the image on T-shirts and other items at the expense of the original artist, who usually lacked the funds to begin a laborious and expensive copyright takedown process.

The solution, as popularized among such artists for a time: bait the bots with copyrighted Disney art. The hope was that the bots would upload the copyrighted Disney art to the merchant sites — which would then be destroyed by the giant looming hand of Disney’s legal might and its stern approach to infringement.

It’s unclear how well this idea actually worked in practice. But it embodies a growing belief that Disney’s copyright takedowns can be used strategically to the advantage of people who are usually on the weak end of a DMCA complaint.

This brings us to the protests. Over the weekend of May 30, the notorious “gun girl” Kaitlin Bennett, a young conservative activist who gained a right-wing following for her videos supporting gun rights and other issues, showed up to protests. She was presumably looking to speak to protesters on-camera for her website and YouTube channels. But protesters who saw her weren’t having it. How to keep Bennett’s videos of the protests from airing? Summon the power of Disney’s copyright-flagging system.

Protesters encouraged one another to play, specifically, music from Disney films and musicals, so that any video footage Bennett uploaded would trigger Disney’s copyright flag.

This approach is a fascinating convergence of direct on-the-ground activism (by following someone around and playing music) and elements that are digital-only (getting someone’s YouTube video DMCA’d).

It also reveals the way internet users are subverting the power of a huge corporation so that its effects are wielded not against poor individual artists and creators working in online spaces, but against bad actors in a real-life struggle for justice.

YouTubers often monetize their videos for a cause — meaning they’ll take the ad revenue generated by videos and donate it to a charity or cause of their choice.

What is notable in this moment of protest is the degree to which many YouTube influencers are monetizing content specifically related to the protests. YouTuber Stephanie Soo, who runs a popular channel where she eats while discussing true crime, posted a heartfelt apology for not doing more to speak out in support. As part of her atonement, she shared a series of true crime stories that have been heavily impacted by systemic racism, then donated all of the ad revenue collected from these videos to support Black Lives Matter and the Minnesota Freedom Fund.

By donating proceeds from their channels, YouTubers like Soo are turning their content into tools through which people without many financial resources can still do their part to generate funds in support.

Many YouTubers are also making content tailored specifically for the moment to raise awareness while entertaining — like this video created specifically to raise money for the BLM movement while highlighting black musicians.

The neat thing about the trend of monetized awareness-raising is that it’s a holistic exercise of everything YouTube’s platform is designed to do — entertain and educate viewers while benefiting creators — in service of Black Lives Matter and the protests.

All of these methods of virtual and real-world support reveal the individual quirks and cultures of many different platforms, apps, and internet communities. They also remind us that we need the tools we use on the internet to be controlled by more than one or two megalithic corporations. The more varied, messy, and decentralized the internet is, the more versatile it is.

And as the protests are showing us, the humans of the internet are always ready to use it in ever more versatile and interesting ways.A day after they were partially credited with President Trump’s low rally turnout in Tulsa, Oklahoma, K-pop fans flooded the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag on Twitter Monday morning, turning it into the platform’s number one trend—and fooling the algorithm into categorizing it as a K-pop trend—as the massive, dedicated fanbase continues to support the anti-racism movement.

Over 25,000 tweets were posted by early Monday morning with the hashtag, according to Twitter’s trending topics, which also identified #WhiteLivesMatter as a K-pop trend. K-pop fans (sometimes referred to as “stans,” a slang term for a dedicated supporter) posted videos, memes and animated gifs of their favorite Korean pop bands and artists, and many included anti-racism messages with their tweets. Some users riffed on the idea of white lives by saying the Pillsbury Doughboy, stormtroopers from Star Wars and endangered white tigers were on the receiving end of disrespect, among other jokes. The hashtag takeover came on the heels of Trump’s smaller-than-expected turnout for his campaign rally in Tulsa Saturday night, which reports partially attributed to fake ticket reservations made by K-pop fans, along with users of the TikTok social media app. The Washington Post reported that the K-pop fans and TikTokers likely contributed to the Trump campaign overestimating their expected crowd size, but probably not the sole cause of the low turnout. Twitter did not respond to a request for comment by Forbes.

Over 6 billion. That’s how many tweets K-pop fans posted in 2019, according to Twitter’s blog.

This isn’t the first time K-pop fans have deliberately drowned out racist hashtags on Twitter. Fans took over #WhiteLivesMatter on June 3, as the hashtag was gaining ground on the #BlackLivesMatter hashtag being used amid protests and civil unrest sparked by George Floyd’s killing. K-pop fans have waged similar efforts against #BlueLivesMatter and #WhiteOutWednesday in recent weeks.

The Trump campaign in a Sunday statement said K-pop fans and TikTokers used “bogus” phone numbers to register for the rally, which “never factor” into their expected attendance numbers. Other critics, like MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough, said the small turnout could be attributed to fears of the Covid-19 pandemic and Trump’s declining popularity (which recent polls appear to support).

Trump Campaign Claims ‘Tens Of Thousands’ Of TikTokers And K-Pop Stans Used ‘Bogus Numbers’ To Register For Tulsa Rally (Forbes)

K-Pop Fans Drown Out Racists By Co-Opting #WhiteLivesMatter On Twitter And Instagram (Forbes)

K-pop fans are taking over 'White Lives Matter' and other anti-Black hashtags with memes and fancams of their favorite stars (CNN)After the Dallas Police Department asked people to send videos of “illegal activity from the protests” happening in the city over the weekend using a special app called iWatch Dallas, K-pop fans flooded the software with content from their favorite artists and seemingly overloaded the reporting system in the process.

The day after the Dallas Police Department tweeted out the original request, a secondary tweet confirmed that “due to technical difficulties iWatch Dallas app will be down temporarily.” Replies to both tweets are a mix of clips from various K-pop groups performing, games like Animal Crossing, anime GIFs, and other pop culture references calling out the request and later celebrating the app being down.

K-pop fans crashed the app within a day of the original request

Buzzfeed News reported that a number of one-star reviews appeared on the app’s landing page in both the Google Play and Apple’s App Store marketplaces. Those reviews were accompanied by hashtags for Black Lives Matter and abbreviations like ACAB, which stands for “all cops are bastards.” It’s unclear if traffic from the viral movement, which started on Twitter, led to the app crashing or if police took down the app once the increase in activity made it near-impossible to use, Buzzfeed News reported.

The push to undermine relation efforts against protesters comes as police across the country erupted in violence toward demonstrators protesting police brutality in the wake of George Floyd’s death at the hands of a former Minneapolis police officer last week. Protests in New York City, Minneapolis, Atlanta, Dallas, Oakland, Los Angeles, Washington, DC., Seattle, and other cities have resulted in mass arrests and countless instances of violence against protesters and members of the press.

As protesters continue to gather, some people are creating apps and programs that allow images and videos to be shared while also taking measures to protect individuals from doxxing and other retaliatory measures. One tool scrapes metadata from images and allows for selective blurring and blacking out of parts of the image to help protect protesters from different surveillance tactics that may be used by law enforcement.It turned out that a fan account for the extraordinarily popular BTS, @7soulsmap, had been monitoring the police Twitter account for their response to the protests. Outraged, @7soulsmap shared the tweet. Then, @7soulsmap tells Vanity Fair, “people in the comments got creative on what videos to send” to the police. “And that’s how it all happened."

The Dallas, TX, police were flooded with videos, photos, and gifs of K-pop stars in boy bands and girl groups. Also prevalent were anti-racist, pro-Black Lives Matter messages, song lyrics, calls for justice for George Floyd, and videos of police brutality. That night, as reported by Caroline Haskins in BuzzFeed, hundreds replied to @7soulsmap’s tweet. The exact sequence of events, and of who called first for which activities, has been disputed; what’s not disputed is that, within five hours, most likely as a result of the force, speed, and sheer data-eating quantity of K-pop fans’ iWatch entries, the Dallas police announced on Twitter that the app was down.

The next day, police in Grand Rapids, MI, announced they had set up a portal where “any picture or video evidence” could be uploaded. In the state of Washington, the Kirkland police requested local protest footage through a Twitter hashtag. Fans noticed. K-pop videos went flying. The police closed the Grand Rapids portal; the Kirkland hashtag, flooded by videos, became unusable for any surveilling.

Meanwhile, more and more prominent K-pop stars made public declarations in support of the protests, and BTS, by far the most popular musical group in the world, tweeted a brief statement that I first saw because the writer and Rumpus editor Monet P. Thomas shared it with an “OMG” and “fucking burst into tears jfc.”

The tweet read, in Korean as well as English, "We stand against racial discrimination. We condemn violence. You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together. #BlackLivesMatter."

Before long, BTS’s message had become one of the most shared tweets in the world, and the group made what's reportedly a $1 million donation to the Black Lives Matter cause.

The hashtag-flooding continued as fans turned their attention to the hashtags useful to detractors of Black Lives Matter: the racist #whitelivesmatter, for instance, which had started trending, and #exposeantifa. Since then, they’ve continued to quickly take over any alt-right hashtags that gain in popularity, thereby obstructing what can be a useful organizational tool.

As with the rest of the Black Lives Matter movement, the fans’ activism is highly decentralized; the stars aren’t involved in any organizing, and K-pop fans are a vast, diverse group, so multitudinous that it’s difficult, really, to think of fans as a group. (If you’re unfamiliar with K-pop, try to think of what it would mean for “fans of popular American music” to be a group.) That said, the various fandoms can move unusually fast, and in large numbers. “I don't know of any other group that can organize at this scale so effectively,” says T.K. Park of the blog “Ask a Korean.”

And despite the sudden media interest, this is far from the first time K-pop fans have taken collective political action. In Chile, for instance, the Ministry of the Interior assigned blame to K-pop fans worldwide, among other online critics of the Chilean government, for fomenting unrest. Nicole Santero, a graduate student who runs the popular BTS fan account @researchBTS and is studying fan culture and BTS for her dissertation, says that the BTS fandom, for one, “regularly organizes and participates in charity efforts and service projects worldwide.”

I’m Korean American, and it seems inarguable that Korean Americans have historically fallen short in taking up the anti-racism fight when it primarily affects Black people, and that anti-Black racism is prevalent in the Korean American community. It’s getting better, but not quickly enough; how heartening, therefore, to see K-pop fans driving this small part of the actions fighting anti-Black racism.

I’m troubled, though, by some of the ways people seem to view activist K-pop fans—as an invading monolith, an alien body. “I’m a little saddened that we’re seen as an outside force in all of this when in reality we have been deeply involved since the beginning by sharing petition links, donating, and spreading useful information,” says @7soulsmap. “It’s less about K-pop and more about us already being a well-networked community on social media.” In addition, as is often pointed out, many K-pop fans are Black, and it’s simplistic—and racist—to imagine that the two groups are mutually exclusive."We will not shy away from providing policy support to K-pop to promote and create 'hallyu' and for the sector to further develop into the leading exemplary cultural industry of South Korea," Park said.K-pop girl group Blackpink broke YouTube’s record for the most-viewed music video premiere of all time with their new single “How You Like That.”

1.65 million people watched the music video at the time it was published on Friday, shattering records (per BBC); now it has been viewed nearly 50 million times. The single is the group’s first in a year (though they collaborated with Lady Gaga on “Sour Candy,” released last month). The YouTube record was previously held by fellow K-pop group BTS for their February single “On,” whose premiere attracted 1.54 million viewers; the ivideo now has over 204 million views. “How You Like That” vacillates between English and Korean lyrics and the video features the pop quartet in elaborate costumes, settings and dance routines. “This might sound grand, but we wanted to give a hopeful message,” Blackpink said in an email to Time about the new single. Blackpink holds a number of superlatives: YouTube’s most subscribed-to music group, highest-grossing tour by a female K-pop group and first K-pop group to hit a billion YouTube views, according to Time.

“In whatever dark times or situations we encounter, we want everyone to have the strength and confidence to be able to rise up again,” Blackpink stated in an email to Time.

K-pop stans are not only showing up en masse for music video premieres, but also in support of Black Lives Matter and liberal political causes. They drowned out racists by flooding #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag with content featuring K-pop idols in allyship with the Black Lives Matter movement. They also allegedly registered for Trump’s Tulsa rally to ensure empty seats in the arena, which Rep, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) applauded.

BLACKPINK on the Message of New Single 'How You Like That' (Time)

Trump Campaign Claims ‘Tens Of Thousands’ Of TikTokers And K-Pop Stans Used ‘Bogus Numbers’ To Register For Tulsa Rally (Forbes)

K-Pop Fans Drown Out Racists By Co-Opting #WhiteLivesMatter On Twitter And Instagram (Forbes)
• Fancams, short videos celebrating K-pop idols, recently came into mainstream awareness when stans flooded racist hashtags like #whitelivesmatter with videos of dancing idols.
• Fancams on platforms like Twitter have expanded past K-pop fandom, with stans of all varieties making short video edits that circulate on social media.
• The short videos are used sometimes to promote artists or derail conversation, and have become memes in their own right.

On June 3, several trending hashtags seemed to bear a somewhat misplaced categorization. Amid ongoing Black Lives Matter protests around the world following the death of George Floyd, who was killed in police custody, three hashtags — #whitelivesmatter, #whiteoutwednesday, and #BlueLivesMatter — were trending under the "kpop" label on Twitter.

The hashtags weren't trending due to a massive influx of sincere posts. Rather, they had been hijacked by K-pop stans who were spamming them with fancams and memes, drowning out any racist posts or rhetoric that may have been taking place.

Fancams — short videos typically depicting K-pop idols performing — have never been more popular, although they've regularly drawn the ire of Twitter users irritated with seeing dancing idols in cancel culture hashtags or under unrelated tweets. However, fancam culture has developed strongly over the past half-decade as stan Twitter has adopted short, flashy videos as a means of signaling fandom allegiance and commandeering hashtags.

Fancams originated in K-pop fandom, but the term has come to encapsulate other short videos and edits

While the term "fancam" has come to signify a broad range of performance videos, edits, and generally short videos wielded by stans of all variations on social media, the term is most closely tied to K-pop fandom. Until recently, "fancam" typically referred to a performance video focused on a specific idol in a K-pop group, although it could also signify video of an idol at a fansign (fan meeting event), an airport, or elsewhere in public.

Recorded by fans, fansites ("professional fans" of sorts who regularly take photos and videos of artists), and occasionally television channels, K-pop fancams are frequently presented in a vertical format, making them perfect for sharing and consuming on mobile devices.

Within the past year, fancams have come to signify more than just K-pop content, however. The term, now widely used across stan Twitter regardless of fandom, could just as easily mean an edit set to TikTok-esque tunes like Flo Millie's "Beef FloMix" — "I like cash and my hair to my ass!" — featuring people like "Parasite" actor Cho Yeo-jeong.

In 2014, a fancam of Hani, a member of girl group EXID, performing the group's song "Up & Down" went viral. Posted on YouTube in October by user pharkil, the video of Hani's performance went took off sometime in November, per Seoulbeats.

Prior to the viral video, "Up & Down" hadn't charted very well on South Korea's Gaon chart, falling out of the top 100 within a week of entry. After the fancam, however, "Up & Down" began to chart again in South Korea. EXID started to promote the song again on music shows, eventually notching the group's first music show win, which can make or break a K-pop group. The original Hani fancam on YouTube currently has nearly 32 million views.

The success of Hani's "Up & Down" set in motion what eventually became the fancam culture we know today, where videos of idols hold not only viral potential, but also social currency on platforms like Twitter.

Early fancam culture saw videos attached to tweets like flashy punctuation

In the late 2010s, K-pop fans on Twitter began to tack fancams onto tweets, whether they were talking about an idol performing, sending off a snappy reply, or just tweeting.

Attaching a fancam to a tweet served a few purposes at the time: first, it was a clear way to flex fandom affiliation. In that respect, posting a fancam also allows for the promotion of a member of a group or a specific performance.

Fancams have also served as a way to derail discourse

As Sage Anderson reported in Mashable in July 2019, fancams have sometimes also been used to "derail actual critiques and even constructive discourse," particularly when stans spam fancams in posts or hashtags that aren't even related to their group or K-pop.

Over time, fancams became a staple in cancel culture tags and Twitter users started to expect any #isoverparty hashtag to be rife with fancams and K-pop stans either participating in the cancelation at hand or promoting their faves.

Of course, the promotion aspect still plays into fancam usage even in cancel tags. When a celebrity or public figure gets propped up for cancelation on Twitter, there's typically a chorus of, "well, maybe if you stanned [insert artist]" or something along the lines of "flop, anyways stan [artist]."

The "maybe if you stanned" and "stan [artist]" language was arguably popularized by K-pop memes like "stan Loona," in which Loona fans aggressively promoted the group under popular tweets, no matter if they were related to Loona or not. Used as early as Sep. 2016, the phrase gained traction in late 2017 as Loona stans began to reply to tweets with Loona videos in order to promote the group.

This kind of derailing fancam usage is in large part why locals on Twitter typically express annoyance with fancams and K-pop fandom in general.

Fancams have become so pervasive that they're a meme in their own right

As fancams began to take root outside of K-pop fandom, people began to make edits of characters — typically featuring tunes like the aforementioned "Beef FloMix" or other viral hits like Megan Thee Stallions "Savage" — that typically wouldn't have gotten the fancam treatment. That lead to the "f-ck it, [person/character/etc.] fancam" trend.

Sometimes, individual fancams become memes in their own right. A good example is one fancam of BTS member Suga performing "Seesaw:" while uploads of the fancam appear to have been deleted or lost multiple times on Twitter after racking up millions of views, the video of Suga performing the song in a sparkling red suit is instantly recognizable.

Of course, with great memetic resonance also comes the potential for bait-and-switches: recently, K-pop fans have been organizing to identify certain videos (and the users that post them) that begin as fancams but cut over to gory or otherwise disturbing footage in what's come to be known as the #fancamsituation.

Recently, fancams have come into the spotlight amid recent Black Lives Matter protests

K-pop fans have always been a force to be reckoned with online: they relentlessly stream their faves' music, work to trend hashtags in order to bring attention to new releases, and organize voting campaigns for South Korean music shows or American awards like Billboard's "Top Social Artist." In recent crusades, however, many K-pop stans have come together, regardless of individual fandom, to do what they do best: spam fancams on the timeline.

K-pop stans have recently made headlines amid ongoing Black Lives Matter protests for wielding fancams online in order to try to protect protesters' identities and drown out racist posts.

After the Dallas Police Department put out a call for people to submit video of "illegal activity from protests" via its iWatch Dallas app, K-pop stans called on each other to flood the app with fancams in order to make it difficult for officers to sift through submissions to the app. Soon after, the app experienced an interruption in service, although the Dallas Police Department told Insider in a statement that the cause of the temporary interruption was unknown.

On June 2 and 3, K-pop fans hijacked hashtags like #whitelivesmatter, #whiteoutwednesday, and #BlueLivesMatter on Twitter and Instagram, filling them with fancams and causing them to trend on Twitter with each listed under the "kpop" category for at least a little bit.

At this point, it seems that the Twitter public's opinion on fancams (and in turn, K-pop stans), is beginning to shift from annoyance to begrudging respect. Ultimately, it is kind of funny that videos of dancing idols have become part of drowning out racist rhetoric in digital forums like Twitter and Instagram.

K-pop stans are so readily able to call on a treasure trove of fancams to flood hashtags and police apps because of the way that the trend has developed over the past several years of online fandom. Fancams are only part of stan Twitter's ability to organize, but their recent use builds off of years of stans using them as a means of diverting discussion and flooding online spaces with promotional content.
• K-pop stans flooded the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag on Twitter and Instagram with fancams and memes to drown out racist posts
• Dallas Police asked people to report illegal protest activity via an app. K-pop stans organized to spam it with fancams instead.
• K-pop fans are organizing to keep Lady Gaga and Blackpink's latest single from trending online out of respect for #BlackLivesMatterWatching videos of police brutality takes a physical, emotional, and mental toll on the Black community in a way that no other community will ever be able to understand. The recent videos of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, and Christian Cooper have flooded our social media feeds; they’ve been almost too much to endure. In processing that pain, it’s doubtful that any Black K-pop fan was thinking to themselves, “I wonder what BTS thinks of this?”

However, as many western celebrities used their platforms to show outrage over the police killing of George Floyd, Korean idol group members such as Jae from Day6 and Mark from GOT7 openly donated early to the Minnesota Freedom Fund and to the George Floyd memorial fund, respectively — and the silence of other K-pop groups became louder. Many on Twitter started to wonder, where was the rest of the K-pop industry?

On Thursday, June 4, a slew of Korean pop music’s major players finally broke their silence. BTS, ATEEZ, and Monsta X sent out tweets within hours of each other, each showing support for Black Lives Matter. Many Black fans, myself included, were relieved to finally see their messages of support. Others, meanwhile, thought their tweets were disingenuous due to the length of time it took them to speak out. Altogether, the discussions raised these questions: Are K-pop stars obligated to publicly show support for racial equality? And do they owe anything to Black fans?

It’s not easy being Black and being a K-pop fan. K-pop stans and Black Lives Matter have often been used in the same sentence this week, as fans smother police surveillance apps and take over racist hashtags with fancams. Simultaneously, Black K-pop fans have been gaslit by members of their own fandoms when they dare to raise real concerns. That’s caused a lot of dedicated Black fans to leave fandoms or fade into the background. It’s not easy to enjoy a space that is unwelcoming.

On Twitter, people have wondered whether it’s right to ask Korean artists to speak on the recent protests, which stemmed from the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis. Many of the initial K-pop artists supporting BLM were Tablo from Epik High (who is Korean-Canadian), and Jay Park, Jessi, and Eric Nam, who are all Korean-American. But anti-Black racism isn’t only an American thing.

Further, it’s valid to ask Korean pop and hip-hop artists to use their platform to bring awareness Black Lives Matter, because K-pop has a fraught history with cultural appropriation. When an artist uses Black culture for their financial gain, is it not their duty to advocate against Black suffering?

Seo Taiji, who is credited by many as one of the founders of modern K-pop, integrated Black American dance-oriented R&B and hip-hop into his music videos. As Vulture notes, Seo Taiji himself “inherited” the style from acts like “Korea’s first hip-hop star” Hyeon Jin-yeong and Wawa; in the early ‘90s, up-and-coming Korean hip-hop stars danced to New Jack Swing. It’s a trend that has only continued, with K-pop groups today frequently incorporating rap into the songs they release, and K-pop companies basing entire group concepts off those genres. Meanwhile, they collaborate with Black artists: G-Dragon and Missy Elliott, CL and the Black Eyed Peas, Wonder Girls and Akon, BTS and Nicki Minaj. BTS even learned about hip-hop culture from West Coast rappers Warren G and Coolio for a show called American Hustle Life back in 2014.SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - Until last week, if you clicked the hashtag #whitelivesmatter on Twitter, Facebook or Instagram, you’d find a smattering of right-wing posts by those opposed to the wave of global protests against racism and police brutality.

But follow that hashtag now, and you’re likely to find something much different: random, fan-created videos of South Korean pop music stars.

Over the past week, K-Pop fans around the world have commandeered the #whitelivesmatter hashtag, as well as #alllivesmatter and #bluelivesmatter, as a way to drown out racist posts that have also used those labels.

It’s not just hashtags. When the Dallas, Texas police department set up a mobile app for users to submit videos of “illegal activity” from the protests, K-Pop fans quickly overwhelmed the site with tributes to their favorite stars, forcing the police department to take it down because of “technical difficulties.”

The online disruption, combined with the millions of dollars donated by K-Pop celebrities and their followers to Black Lives Matter causes, underscores how international fans of Korean music have emerged as a formidable organizing force for social causes around the world.

“Their ability to massively coordinate action is just unparalleled. I'm serious when I say they are the most potent online force in the world right now,” says TK Park, who has written about Korean pop culture and runs the “Ask A Korean!” blog.

It may seem random, but the closer you look the more sense it makes. K-Pop has become a global phenomenon, with massive fan bases in every part of the world. In the United States, many of those fans are African Americans.

As Park points out, K-Pop fans everywhere are very skilled at massive online campaigns with very specific goals. Usually, that means coordinated efforts by fans to push certain songs or videos up the music charts by streaming them obsessively or posting about the content on social media.

“These groups of fans have accumulated a lot of [organizing] experience while supporting their idols,” says Hong Seok-kyeong, a communications professor at Seoul National University. “It requires a great deal of logic and strategy, like setting a timeline or choosing a channel.”

But K-Pop fans are increasingly aiming their grassroots organizational powers at charitable and other causes, such as raising money to help provide medical supplies to Syrian refugees, give meals to at-risk children in Rwanda, or rescue animals in India.

One in an ARMY (OIAA), an online collective of fans of the wildly popular boy band BTS, says it raised over $250,000 for charities in 2019.

But those efforts have been turbo-charged with the reemergence of Black Lives Matter protests, which were spurred by the most recent police killings of African Americans.

After BTS on Sunday donated $1 million to the Black Lives Matter organization, the group’s fans, known collectively as the “ARMY,” matched that donation within 24 hours, according to the OIAA website — a stunning display of online fundraising ability.

“We’re happy to help ARMY organize and support the Black Lives Matter movement,” said an OIAA spokesperson. “We stand in solidarity with black ARMY. They’re an important part of our family. And we stand with black people everywhere. Your voices deserve to be heard.”

It’s not the first time K-Pop fans have influenced international politics.

In 2019, Korean music fans in Chile were partly responsible for a series of protests calling for more social and economic equality, a report by the country’s interior ministry concluded.

During those protests, K-pop fans criticized alleged human rights violations by the Chilean police force, according to a report by CNN Chile.

Why K-Pop? 



 But why are K-Pop fans more politically active, especially on explicitly progressive causes, than fans of other types of music? After all, most K-Pop songs aren’t particularly political, at least no more than the music of any other country.

The answer, according to Park, may be that K-Pop seems to have a special appeal to racial minorities and immigrants across the world — groups that don’t necessarily see themselves reflected in white-dominated western pop culture.

In the United States, Asian-Americans and then African Americans were among the first to embrace Korean music, Park says. He notes there has been a similar trend in Europe.

It’s possible, he speculates, that K-Pop is “essentially serving as a pop culture conduit connecting the marginalized around the world.”

It could be “the pop culture representation of Third Worldism,” he says, referring to the diplomatic stance of non-aligned countries during the Cold War between the U.S. and the Soviet Union.

The explanation may not be all-encompassing. After all, not all Korean music fans are marginalized or even minorities.

But whatever is behind the activism, one thing is certain: the organization of K-pop fans is organic, with both the strategies and targets developing naturally online.

“This collective action takes place as voluntary support, not a top-down order,” says Professor Hong. “They learn from themselves, by themselves.”

While some K-Pop fans have at times been accused of cyber bullying, groups like OIAA are now trying to harness the community's collective power to accomplish "global good,” the group’s website says.

To do that, the collective selects a different non-profit group every month to which it directs fan contributions.

“Many people giving small amounts,” it says, “can create a substantial impact when we work together.”Seventeen-year-old singer Ella-Lee Lahav didn’t become Israel’s contender for Eurovision 2020, but her first single, “Zot Ani,” (“This is Me”), a K-pop-style song in Hebrew, has garnered well over two million views on YouTube, and is ranking high on the Apple UK playlist.

Produced by Johnny Goldstein, the song features Lahav with the dyed orange hair, slick choreography, pop-sound and lyrics of the musical genre that first originated in South Korea.

K-pop is considered an unusual musical choice for a debut single, particularly given that the singer is Israeli and the lyrics are in Hebrew.

Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up

I’m not looking for lovey-dovey

 I don’t want you here

 I don’t want your lovey-dovey so… I want, I want, yes a phenomenal one

 That I will take him with me to the valley and we will see the valley

 He won’t tell me “what do I think”, won’t tell me “what’s up”

 Because I’m a girl of nature, don’t take me to the bar I want someone who listens to me

 And who will do everything that only I want

 The type that doesn’t care what they say

 A little crazy one Hey, that’s me

 If you don’t know

 Psycho is the thing

 Hey, that’s me

 So deal with it

 If you are not in this

 I don’t want you here

“Zot Ani” came out on June 2, Lahav’s 17th birthday, and she wrote on Instagram that the recent year has been a whirlwind that she never quite anticipated, particularly after she lost “Kochav Nolad,” the Israeli reality show that chooses the country’s contender for Eurovision.

“People knew me, loved me, appreciated me and what I was doing,” wrote Lahav. “It gave me strength, it gave me confidence, and most importantly, it let me be who I am today. If they’d asked me a year back if I thought I’d put out a song, I’d laugh at them.”The success of films like Parasite and Crazy Rich Asians has shown that entertainment isn’t limited by geography, culture, or even language anymore. Nowhere is that clearer than in music, where Korean artists such as BTS and Super M have become worldwide stars with rousing, inventive and damn catchy tracks, while leading a charge of K-pop acts into the mainstream.

BTS’ success these days can make it hard to recall that they were once considered the underdogs of the K-pop industry. The seven-piece group didn’t come from a big management firm, and at the time of their debut, they stood out for not sounding (or looking) overly packaged or produced. Instead, BTS were built by their fans — the “Army” — who rallied behind the group. This month, the Army’s influence has extended beyond music and into social justice, when the loyal fanbase helped to match the group’s $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter. That followed a coordinated campaign by K-pop fans just days earlier, when fans came together to drown out the racist #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag on Twitter by spamming it with irreverent memes and fan cams.

For anyone who still thought K-pop was a passing fad or a niche subset best left to the “world music” fringes, the recent rallying of the fandoms (not to mention a host of spirited new releases) has underlined the fact that K-pop is more than just another overseas import — it’s officially a global force.

Now that we’re stuck at home, there’s never been a better time to give K-pop a listen. Here are 12 of the best recent songs from the genre, as part of our weekly “Music at Home” playlist series. Even if you don’t quite understand the words, these tracks rip and roar with an energy, joy, and vigor you won’t be able to deny.

The most popular group in K-pop delivers a pump-up jam worthy of its place in the spotlight, with some of the boy band’s most aggressive lyrics to date and a chorus you’ll be humming back after one listen. The record label released a remix with Sia, but this original version packs a pretty punch all on its own.

When you’re jumping and popping, you’re “jopping.” Super M is a supergroup comprised of members pulled from four existing K-pop bands, and their debut single is a frenetic, high-energy ode to coming together, letting loose and dancing — nay, jopping — your troubles away.

The first all-English single by a K-pop group in almost a decade, this certified bop will get your head nodding and shoulders swaying 20 seconds into the track. Come for the shout-it-out chorus; stay for French Montana rhyming “Gordon Ramsay” with “Monica and Brandy.”

For the lead single from their eleventh(!) Korean EP, Dye, the veterans on this list showcase their signature K-pop sound on a mid-tempo track, alternating between hard and soft, tender and aggressive, as the guys trade verses about holding onto love.

A sweet, summery track that sounds like something Fifth Harmony could have recorded — if Fifth Harmony had nine members, sang in multiple languages, and managed to all get along.

An anthemic track from the K-pop rookies that combines 808-style riffs with the melodic sensibilities of early-2000s boybands (extended dance break included).

Originally released as the six-piece girl group’s debut single in 2018, “Latata” returned in an all-English version in May. The dreamy, Kygo-esque track fuses elements of tropical house with dance pop, with a cheeky chorus that’s just begging for a TikTok dance.

TOMORROW X TOGETHER, “Can’t You See Me?”

The self-professed younger brothers to BTS deliver a synth-driven summer jam that goes down easy with sunsets and soju.

Korea’s first openly gay K-pop idol fuses elements of disco, house, and electronica into a laid-back, Troye Sivan-worthy club track that’ll make you want to get up and move. Hey, you’re home alone — who’s going to stop you?

Hey, we ballin. The nine-piece boy band gets rowdy on this futuristic track that wouldn’t sound out of place on a video game soundtrack or alongside a car chase scene in the next Fast & Furious flick.

BTS’ lead rapper Suga made headlines in May when he hit number one on the iTunes chart with his alter-ego Agust D, topping new releases from groups like Florida Georgia Line and the 1975. This song pays homage to the daechwita style of Korean military music, mixing wind instruments, gongs, and military callouts with big, moody beats and Suga’s signature chopper rapping style. If BTS is showing off what K-pop sounds like now, Agust D represents where K-pop could be headed in the future.

When one of pop’s reigning queens recruits a K-pop group for her latest album, you know the genre’s gone global.The incidents took many by surprise. But as a K-pop reporter who has covered the industry for two years, I am delighted to witness the world finally recognize fans of K-pop artists for who they are: a social-media-savvy and politically aware group of people who should not be underestimated.

Far too often, media coverage of South Korea’s multibillion-dollar industry with a global following has been riddled with stereotypes. Under the Western gaze, the industry is often characterized as manufactured and lacking creativity, with its origin often attributed to the Asian financial crisis. This has led to far-fetched takes, such as one arguing that " ‘Gangnam Style’ is, by definition, propaganda.”

A lot of column space has been seemingly reserved for stories that focus on the dark side of the industry — such as stories about suicides and sex crimes involving celebrities — while overlooking its creative and artistic side, or the diverse makeup of the fandom and their brilliant projects.

And fans themselves are often the target of trolling, mostly from predominantly male online communities (such as the gaming community), who stereotype K-pop fans as consisting of naive young girls — when they aren’t being accused of being bots because of how well they organize.

But the stereotype is a far cry from the truth. The global K-pop fandom consists of people from varying age groups, of different ethnicities, from all walks of lives, many of whom are part of the LGBTQ community.

Armed with sarcasm, wit and masterful use of social media — more than 6 billion tweets were about K-pop in 2019 — they have become a formidable force that can quickly and capably mobilize online. For example, at the height of the #MatchAMillion project, the Twitter account that led much of the charge was run by four people from Brazil, Germany, Saudi Arabia and Sweden, who joined forces to manage the campaign round the clock.

This, however, isn’t the first time the K-pop fandom has rallied around a political issue. When the death of two students in Bangladesh sparked protests calling for safer roads in 2018, fans from the country began sharing the news with the hashtag #WeWantJustice, and others from around the world came together to help spread the word globally on Twitter.

The following year, the Chilean government issued a report in which fans of K-pop were blamed in part for anti-government protests, accusing them for being critical of the country’s police force.

And earlier this year, Thai K-pop fans trended the hashtag #Dispatch, the name of a local celebrity news outlet, following its critical coverage of Thai King Maha Vajiralongkorn, who faced criticism for staying in a luxury hotel in southern Germany as novel coronavirus cases rose back home.

So why did many of us not see this side of the K-pop fandom? For one, while the gamer and streamer communities have been taken a lot more seriously by the media, efforts to study the K-pop community have been scarce.

And as many female fans and beat reporters have pointed out, we must also address the elephant in the room — sexism. It’s what has demonized the word “fangirl” and other things women are passionate about, leading to bizarre stereotypes of who K-pop fans are.

The fact that K-pop fans are often on a collision course with and the target of right-wing trolls is no coincidence. It’s the same reason some Democratic-leaning Twitter accounts have waxed lyrically about K-pop fans in recent days. Both groups see K-pop fans as a newly emerging progressive-leaning online demographic.

Don’t get me wrong: There is an ugly side to fandom culture, and K-pop fandoms are no exception. Fandom wars can get personal and toxic, and emotional conversations about topics such as race can lead to online pile-ons. There is also a lot of work to be done within the K-pop community to tackle issues of racism and bias and not to take constructive criticism too personally.

But K-pop fans continue to prove that people from different cultures with common passion and interests can come together, learn new things and work toward a collective goal. One thing is clear: This won’t be the last time you’ll hear about the online activism of the K-pop fandom.
• K-pop superfans have turned to social-media activism with actions like drowning out racist hashtags and spamming a police app with fancams.
• After joining TikTok teens in claiming to have helped inflate expectations for President Donald Trump's comeback rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the K-pop stans are back in the spotlight.
• Recent events have contributed to their new reputation online. Here's a timeline.

K-pop superfans have been heralded recently as unlikely heroes in the fight against online racism in the wake of George Floyd's killing and Black Lives Matter protests.

Now, members of the sizable K-pop fandom — which is actually better described as a collective of individual fandoms focused on idols like BTS or Blackpink — have gained widespread attention for turning their focus on President Donald Trump, mounting a campaign (along with TikTok teens) that they say helped inflate expectations for Trump's rally over the weekend in Tulsa, Oklahoma, by reserving thousands of tickets and not showing up.

A series of flashy, viral moments that seemingly showed K-pop stans (particularly on Twitter) repurposing fandom tactics to troll racists, police departments, and now the president have caused a kind of paradigm shift in the way the fandom is perceived online. Once local Twitter's annoying adversaries, K-pop fans are now being heralded by some as heroes.

Reactions have typically included surprise, given the fandom's recent elevation into the news cycle. In reality, K-pop fans took actions in support of Black Lives Matter before many of their idols did. Past that, the structure and size of K-pop fandoms in particular mean they can mobilize on platforms like Twitter at the drop of a hat.

That being said, just because the fandom has cemented itself in the public consciousness as a series of fancam-happy, anti-racist digital watchdogs doesn't mean racism doesn't persist within the fandom itself. Several Black K-pop fans told Insider about ways they said they experienced anti-Blackness in K-pop stan communities and how recent discourse had erased Black fans' voices from the conversation.

While the vigilante narrative overshadows a much more nuanced reality, it's exploded over social media and mainstream news over the past several weeks. Here are the events that led to K-pop fans' new reputation as the stans you can call when you need to get things done.If you have ever been on Twitter, you have most likely encountered them: zealous fans of K-pop, formally known as “K-pop stans.” They’re one of the most formidable forces on the platform, capable of trending their band of choice at a moment’s notice — and quick to aggressively mobilize in their defense. And now they’ve come together for a higher purpose: trolling white supremacists and interfering with police surveillance of protesters.

The radicalization of the stans seems to have begun on May 31, when the Dallas police department tweeted a request for users to submit videos of “illegal protest activity” on Twitter or their own iWatch app. “DOWNLOAD THE APP AND SEND ALL YOUR FANCAMS!!!” one user suggested, per BuzzFeed News. (“Fancams” are short videos, usually of K-pop stars performing, that stans are notorious for posting in replies to mostly unrelated tweets.) “SEND THEM ALL!!! MAKE THEIR JOBS AS HARD AS POSSIBLE!!! GET THEM FRUSTRATED!!! MAKE THEM TAKE DOWN THE APP!!!”

The response was immediate: Hundreds of people responded to the Dallas PD tweet, or posted screenshots of themselves spamming the app. “Oh I have a video, I hope this helps,” one user, @LovelyDoya, tweeted, along with footage of ONEUS flawlessly executing crisp dance moves to “Level Up,” while wearing perfect guyliner. Within 24 hours, the app was out of commission — Dallas’s police department tweeted the next day: “Due to technical difficulties, iWatch Dallas app will be down temporarily.”

With their power unleashed, the stans turned their attention elsewhere. They mobilized against police departments in Kirkland, Washington, and Grand Rapids, Michigan, which had similarly asked users to post photos and videos of protestors “rioting or looting.” And by Wednesday, June 3, they had completely overwhelmed the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag, started in opposition to the Black Lives Matter movement, with a deluge of impeccably dancing idols, effectively burying its racist messaging. “Instead of being a racist become a NCTzen and stream ‘Punch!’” a representative tweet, from a fan of the group NCT, reads.

“Kpop fans are from all different races, so we try to support each other,” said user @Pinks4blinks, a BLINK (fan of BLACKPINK). “When we found out that ‘White Lives Matter’ was trending, we came together to drown out all the bad things. I have never been so proud to be a K-pop fan.”

It makes sense that the stans could organize with such impressive speed: As fan culture has moved online, the nature of fandom has changed with it. Ardent fans of anything tend to exhibit both a hive mind mentality and preternatural understanding of how the internet works. They are ruthlessly efficient — no one can game an algorithm like a stan determined to get YouTube views up or break streaming records. They’re also adept boycotters and counter-programmers. “I saw it with the promotion of the album, and even when [BTS fans] boycotted certain platforms for not doing their part,” said Richelle Alleyne, a topline vocalist on BTS’s track “My Time.” And this isn’t even the first time they’ve been linked to anti-police activism — in 2019, a report from the Chilean government specifically listed K-pop fans as an “international influence” that publicly criticized and questioned their police force.

It also helps that rival factions of K-pop Twitter are coming together in this fight. The, EXO-Ls (the EXO fandom) and ARMY (the BTS fandom) are two of the most active in the world — Forbes has a chart showing that both of their engagement on Twitter makes Swifties and Beliebers look like blips — and sometimes adversarial towards one another. But various memes now show the competing fandoms dancing side-by-side. “This is how the most 2 strongest K-pop fandoms (along with others) are working together,” tweeted user @alinasalvator_.

K-pop idols themselves have become more vocal in speaking out against social justice issues. Twenty-two of them took to social media to support prosecution of Korea’s Nth Room case, a scandal involving the sexual exploitation of underage girls. A number of them, including BTS, CL, Jay Park, Tiger JK, Tiffany Young, and Momoland also supported Black Lives Matter on their platforms. As such, the stans feel their idols would approve of how they’re using their own platforms. “Even though stan twitter can come with its downsides, we tend to touch on serious matters like these if needed. Activism and using your platform to spread awareness isn’t new in K-pop stan twitter,” said @komatsulili, who identifies herself as a fan of BLACKPINK’s Lisa. “I know [Lisa] would be so proud of what we are doing.”

The idea that K-pop fans can be unleashed, like some sort of kraken, against racist messaging and police surveillance has quickly become a Twitter joke — but also, sort of a legitimate strategy, too. “KPOP FANCAM HIVE: New request for you!!” tweeted the writer Talia Lavin, alongside a screenshot of a “notoriously racist” police department asking for photos and videos of a May 31 protest. Like Batman summoned by the bat signal — in this case, the hashtags #BTS, #LOONA, and #JUNGKOOK_BEST_BOY, a dozen users appeared in the replies. “You know what to do,” one wrote. “FLOOD THEM WITH FANCAMSS!!!” We owe it to the fans.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SEOUL, KOREA, June 27, 2020 - (ACN Newswire) - Leading Global K-Pop band #BLACKPINK (@BLACKPINK) released their comeback single #HowYouLikeThat on June 26, 6PM KST, opened their official Twitter account and posted their first Tweet. Retweeted over 250K times with 600K Likes, Tweet volume related to 'BLACKPINK' reached 5M for 12 hours, and the hashtag of their new song title #HowYouLikeThat trended worldwide No 1 and trended over 50 countries.

On 30 June, Twitter will host a 'BLACKPINK LIVE comeback party' as a #TwitterBlueroom Q&A session, to talk about their comeback and current life. Fans will be able to watch the live #TwitterBlueroom on BLACKPINK's official Twitter account (@BLACKPINK) and interact with them directly using the hashtags #Ask_BLACKPINK #TwitterBlueroom, or within the live chat room.

Twitter is also celebrating the launch of BLACKPINK's official account and their comeback by setting up special custom emojis to help fans around the world cheer them on. BLACKPINK's four members drew their own emojis, which can be activated by hashtagging their names. BLACKPINK's special emojis will appear on all Tweets using the official hashtags from 26 June to 31 August KST.

YeonJeong Kim, Head of the Global Kpop & K-content Partnerships at Twitter said, "Every Kpop fan on Twitter can join in trending global conversations with specially customized contents for fans. 'BLACKPINK LIVE Comeback Party on #TwitterBlueroom' and special custom emojis will help Kpop fans interact with BLACKPINK members directly in real time through improved live experience and innovative formats."

BLACKPINK is one of the most beloved K-Pop groups and their official fanclub Twitter account 'BLACKPINK GLOBAL BLINK (@ygofficialblink)' was ranked no.1 fastest growing Kpop account, and ranked 5th in the 'K-POP Artists' most mentioned by Twitter users worldwide in 2019. It is expected that active communication with global fans will continue through the opening of this official account.

Some terms in this release are displayed in Korean as indicated with asterisk (*). Please refer to the full release at https://www.media-outreach.com/View/39060/In addition to being quite possibly the most devoted fan base in the world, K-Pop lovers clearly have much better organisational skills than the rest of us. Since the Black Lives Matter movement experienced a resurgence following the death of George Floyd, K-Pop stans have flooded the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag with images of their favourite musicians, blocking out racist posts in the process – while BTS’s followers have raised more than a million dollars for BLM after the band tweeted out its support for the movement (and made its own sizeable donation to boot).

The K-pop vigilantes latest effort? Derailing a Trump rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in defiance of white supremacy. President Trump’s campaign manager Brad Parscale had projected that the 19,000-seat BOK Center would be full (with overflowing crowds lining up outside) on 20 June, but in reality, less than 7,000 people turned up – forcing the President to cancel an additional planned speech. It appears K-Pop fans (and Alt TikTok users) had reserved tickets to the event with no intention of going, considerably skewing Parscale’s numbers. Notably, the rally had been widely criticised by supporters of BLM – who cited the historical significance of Juneteenth and the devastating Tulsa Race Massacre as reasons for it not to go ahead.

Taking to Twitter, Parscale claimed the low turnout was due to “radical protestors” who had “blocked access to metal detectors, preventing people from entering”, but the likes of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez were quick to contradict him. “Actually you just got ROCKED by teens on TikTok who flooded the Trump campaign w/ fake ticket reservations & tricked you into believing a million people wanted your white supremacist open mic enough to pack an arena during COVID,” the Democratic congresswoman replied. “KPop allies, we see and appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice too.”This weekend in Tulsa, the president held his first campaign rally since March, after the coronavirus pandemic suspended the campaign trail. “So we begin, Oklahoma we begin. Thank you, Oklahoma!” It was also the weekend of Juneteenth. For many black Americans, Juneteenth is a celebration of the end of slavery in this country. This was a moment that resulted in scenes like this. “You are a sellout!” ”Black people die [inaudible]” [shouting] The timing of the president’s rally, on the weekend of Juneteenth, also comes at a time where there have been weeks of nationwide protests against racism and police brutality. “Hands up! Don’t shoot!” It is particularly poignant in the South, and in Tulsa, because of the history of racial oppression here. Rather than a president that showed deference to the racial history of this city or to try to further the efforts of racial reconciliation, we saw him upend them. “About the first grade, we came to Tulsa. We moved to Tulsa. So, I kind of grew up on Greenwood. When I entered college and took black history, and my professor, he said, ‘Do you all know about the race massacre?’ And we were all like, ‘No. We had a riot here?’ You know. And he was just like, ‘OK, so everybody sit down and listen to this story.’” In the early 1900s, the Greenwood area of Tulsa was a thriving black neighborhood. “African-Americans, two generations out of slavery, pursued and exhibited black excellence.” “We had our own banks and hospitals and theaters and restaurants.” But that success didn’t sit well with the white community. And in 1921, after a black man was accused of disrespecting a white woman, things escalated. A white mob burned and looted Black Wall Street. “The violence lasted roughly 16 hours.” “They shot. They looted. They bombed.” “They threw bodies in the river. They threw them in mass graves.” “When the dust settled, some 100 to 300 people were killed. At least 1,250 homes were destroyed in the black community. Schools, churches and business were destroyed as well.” “Total devastation, like a war zone. What happened here was a momentous tragic event.” “That was the worst horrific story that I ever heard in my life.” “This church, we were building in 1921, our sanctuary — they destroyed that. And our basement miraculously survived. The damage on this pillar comes from when concrete burned. In this room, also we have soil collections from the different sites where people were killed.” After years of ignoring the massacre, many in Tulsa want to make it front and center of the community’s conversation. They set up this bipartisan commission to do a number of initiatives to bring forward the issue of racial reconciliation and commemorate the centennial anniversary of the massacre. And some institutions have apologized. “I’m sorry that the police department did not protect its citizens during the tragic days of 1921.” The hard part has been what to do next. “We demand reparations in honor of all those Americans that were killed! We demand reparations now!” “Saying ‘I’m sorry’ is not repentance. You know, saying ‘I’m sorry’ just recognizes what you did is wrong. Repentance is turning away from what you did that makes you sorry. Before you can even get to atonement, we have to have a society that admits that white supremacy is wrong. We’ve got to have a society that admits that black lives matter.” The president has tried to present himself as a unifying figure, as someone who can bring the country together, particularly in times of these dual crises: the coronavirus pandemic and the national unrest around race and racial inequality. But this weekend shows his challenges on that front and the inability of this administration to, frankly, get out of its own way. Juneteenth is, for many black Americans, a celebration of the emancipation of slavery. The president initially announced a rally on Juneteenth. When you talk to people, they say there was a moment of disbelief that the president was coming to Tulsa. “My first reaction was, ‘How disrespectful.’ I felt like it was a slap in the face.” And after pleas, even from Republican senators in the state, he moved the rally to the next day.” “Beep beep. Beep beep. It’s important to me because it’s history, it’s freedom. Girl, you’re looking good. It’s good to see you, long time. It’s education.” “You want to make America great again? You have to make Black Wall Street great again.” “And it’s important this year because people get to see that, hey, they’re still fighting for a cause, but they’re celebrating our freedom.” “To come on the weekend of Juneteenth shows that he has still not that much respect for our sacred day.” Ultimately, the president’s rally wasn’t as big as his campaign had hoped. But the significance of this weekend is seen in scenes like this. “I see you back there shaking your head. Yes, sir, black lives matter.” And one of the takeaways around this moment, around race in this country, has been the shifting public opinion about questions of systemic racism and persistent inequality. “No justice!” “No peace!” “No justice!” “No peace!” That lack of acknowledgement puts him at odds with even some members of his own party. The president’s strategy on race and on other issues has just narrowed his path to re-election. He has not shown a willingness to try to expand his base, leaving him fairly reliant on a similar group of voters that got him elected in 2016 to do so again in 2020.After a week of mass protests over the death of George Floyd in police custody, many law enforcement agencies invited members of the public to submit video of illegal activity through evidence-gathering websites and apps.

The agencies got more than they bargained for.

Activists who see these portals as "snitch" tools responded to the calls by uploading videos depicting police violence against demonstrators, as well as memes and videos of Korean pop stars.

It’s part of a broader battle in the online information ecosystem that has seen a white nationalist group pose as antifa to call for violence and an anti-racist campaign to flood the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag with K-pop fan videos.

Some of the websites and apps that collect crime tips have crashed or been removed from the web, although police departments either would not confirm a connection to activists’ efforts or said the tools were taken down for other reasons.

The police department in Grand Rapids, Michigan, launched an "evidence submission portal" Sunday after a night of protests, calling for "information about criminal activity, particularly suspects’ identities." People spammed the portal with videos of police pepper-spraying peaceful protesters, along with videos of K-pop and pictures and videos of pigs and bacon.

On Tuesday, the Grand Rapids Police Department announced on Twitter that it was closing the portal and instead urged the public to call a phone line.

Sgt. Dan Adams, a spokesman for the department, said that the takedown had "nothing to do with ‘spamming’ or other attempts at flooding the portal." It was removed, he said, because the police department received more than 20,000 tips and investigators had "enough information to start working on warrant requests and arrests."

On Saturday, the Dallas Police Department used a tweet to call people to send videos anonymously through its iWatch app. Shortly after the app launched, the agency tweeted that it was down because of "technical difficulties," which protesters credited to their efforts to flood it with K-pop videos.

The police department said in a statement Monday that the cause of the "temporary interruption in service" was "still being determined" and that the app had been restored.

On Monday, the FBI launched its own portal calling for information on "individuals inciting violence" during demonstrations. Shortly after, dozens of people started posting screenshots of their submissions, including video of police shooting rubber bullets and tear gas at protesters, and obscene material.

Rajat Suresh, a comedy writer and performer, who has attended what he described as mostly peaceful protests in Brooklyn, New York, submitted a picture of the Three Stooges from the movie "Spook Louder," along with a message that he "saw these guys on the street during a protest. They seemed very violent."

He said he did it because he was mad about seeing multiple levels of law enforcement clash with protesters. "Maybe I live in a bubble, but it feels funny to think that the police are putting out forms for people to help them when they have been literally murdering people in the streets," he added.

A spokesperson for the FBI said in an emailed statement: "We will not address specific measures we may employ to combat intrusions, but we continue to process all incoming digital media tips and have significant safeguards in place to address any potential deliberate attacks."

Safiya Noble, an associate professor in the departments of information studies and African American studies at the University of California, Los Angeles, said that these efforts show a "lot more savvy among organizers responding to state violence" about the technologies used to surveil movements for social justice.

"The use of everyday, mundane technologies like tip reporting websites for reporting if you see someone doing something wrong is how repressive social control gets normalized," she said."It normalizes fascism, state control and undermines democratic rights to free speech and protests.""In the past decade, what people want to see in K-pop artists has changed a lot, while the industry has seen drastic improvements in terms of standards," Bang, head of Big Hit Entertainment, said at press conference for "I-Land" held at the program's production set in Paju, northwest of Seoul. The press conference was streamed to the press on a closed YouTube channel.TRIBUNNEWSMAKER.COM - Selalu terlihat ceria dan sehat, idol Kpop Yohan TST meninggal dunia, Selasa (16/6/2020).

Kabar meninggalnya Yohan TST ini mengejutkan penggemar karena idol tersebut tampak baru mengunggah potretnya di Instagram belum lama ini.

Keluarga pun masih enggan memberitahukan penyebab wafatnya idol tersebut.

Yohan merupakan anggota Top Secret atau sekarang dikenal dengan TST.
• Perubahan Drastis Goo Hara Sejak Debut hingga Meninggal & Sederet Kisah Cintanya yang Pilu
• Belum 3 Bulan Kematian Sulli, Keluarganya Malah Berkonflik karena Warisan, Ayah Palsukan Foto Makam!

Kabar itu pertama kali diberitakan oleh SPOTV News pada 17 Juni 2020.

Namun, keluarga memilih untuk tidak memberitahukan penyebab kematian bintang berusia 28 tahun itu.

Sebab, Yohan pribadi yang cukup aktif di media sosial.

Belum lama ini, Yohan baru saja merayakan ulang tahunnya pada 16 April 2020 lalu.Yohan, a South Korean singer from the popular K-pop group TST, died on Tuesday. He was 28.

KJ Music Entertainment, the band’s record label, announced his passing in a statement obtained by AllKPop.com on Wednesday morning.

“We are sad to relay the most unfortunate, sorrowful news,” the statement reads. “Back on June 16, TST member Yohan left this world. The late Yohan’s family is currently in deep mourning.”

While KJ Music Entertainment did not disclose a cause of death, the company’s statement also noted: “The family has pleaded that media articles about Yohan’s passing, such as those making speculations about the cause of his death, be refrained out of respect.”

“We express our deepest condolences in light of Yohan’s final parting,” the statement concludes.

As of this writing, no official cause of death has been revealed.

In September 2013, Yohan, born Kim Jung-hwan, kicked off his music career by joining the K-pop group NOM, or No Other Man. He stayed with the band for more than two and a half years before they ultimately disbanded in February 2016.

Less than a year later, Yohan joined TST — which, at the time, was known as Top Secret. The seven-piece made their official debut in January 2017 with their critically acclaimed Time’s Up EP after signing to KJ Music Entertainment.

On top of Time’s Up, the Seoul-based band is best known for K-pop hits like Mind Control (2017), Paradise (2019) and their most recent single, Countdown (2020).

Yohan’s unexpected passing is one of many musicians’ to hit the South Korean music industry in the last five years.

In February 2015, Baby Kara singer Ahn So Jin died by suicide, according to Billboard. The outlet later reported that SHINee member Jonghyun had also died by suicide in December 2017.

In 2019 alone, fans of the K-pop genre were left mourning the loss of Sulli, formerly of the all-female group f(x), and Goo Hara, a fellow female solo artist.

Sulli’s body was discovered at her home in Seongnam on Oct. 14.

At the time, local authorities said the 25-year-old star was struggling with severe depression, however they did not elaborate. Sulli had also spoken out against cyberbullying in the past.

Goo Hara, who also happened to be a close friend of Sulli’s, died six weeks later on Nov. 24. She was 28.

Police said an acquaintance found the singer-actor dead at her home in southern Seoul and reported it to authorities.

Goo Hara’s cause of death wasn’t immediately revealed, and the authorities refused to provide further details at the time.

Both deaths, however, have since been ruled suspected suicides, according to the BBC.

If you or someone you know is in crisis and needs help, resources are available. In case of an emergency, please call 911 for immediate help.

For a directory of support services in your area, visit the Canadian Association for Suicide Prevention.

Learn more about how to help someone in crisis here.

— With files from Reuters and the Associated PressAs the music industry across the world expresses solidarity with the BLM movement after George Floyd died when a white US police officer knelt on his neck, K-pop stars including Yubin, Amber, Johnny and Eric Nam have been adding their supportK-pop has had a beneficial yet uneasy relationship with black culture. Many successful K-pop artists eagerly adopt hip-hop beats and flows, street fashion, dance traditions and R&B vocal runs. While some have been open about the influence, most have yet to acknowledge the roots and culture that helped make them successful, and many never will.

Though demographics are slowly changing, South Korea is a historically homogeneous country where nuances of race and racism often go undetected. In K-pop, this void has led to egregious moments like artists wearing blackface, using mocking accents and appropriating braids and dreadlocks in songs and videos. When it’s pointed out, public apologies are swiftly made but lessons remain unlearned.

As international outrage grew after four Minneapolis police officers were charged in the death of George Floyd, an African American father and security guard, some of K-pop’s biggest stars are finally coming to acknowledge the debt owed to African American culture while raising money and awareness for memorial funds and the Black Lives Matter movement.

K-pop artist and drag princess Soju, who cofounded the quarterly San Francisco K-pop party Seoul Train, recently tagged Korean music companies in an open letter posted on Twitter, asking hard questions about appropriation, reading in part, “It breaks my heart that the K-pop industry I love and cherish profits so much from the Black community, but still refuses to stand up for them. What do the agencies have to lose by voicing their support?”

Soju, who competed on season 11 of “RuPaul’s Drag Race,” told The Chronicle that he was inspired to write the letter after feeling the support from black K-pop fans he has met, as well as wanting to start a conversation about societal antiblack sentiments that persist in Korea and systemic silence on social issues in K-pop.

“They can show that they’re not just appropriating but appreciating, that they’re standing with us,” Soju said. “It’s 2020, and we’re sick and tired of watching our idols be robots. They’re not robots; they’re human beings with opinions and they should be able to express themselves.”

Soju’s letter revealed a not-so-hidden side of the K-pop industry. Many artists are pressured not to speak out for fear of alienating audiences, so as not to affect the bottom line. Denise, an American member of rookie K-pop group Secret Number, recently removed a heartfelt BLM post on Instagram and fans found her personal account deactivated, fueling speculation that her record company made her take it down (a theory exists that the company was deactivating the members’ accounts to focus on the group account). It mirrors similar actions taken after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting where rainbow-laced sympathy posts made by K-pop stars were removed and replaced with more general messages, minus the rainbow. (South Korea also lags behind on LGBTQ acceptance, but artists like Holland are helping to change that.)

But as K-pop has risen into the seventh most popular music genre in the world and the outrage that started in Minneapolis spread worldwide, so has a burgeoning consciousness among its fans.

In the Bay Area, one of the top touring destinations for K-pop behind New York and Los Angeles, local dance groups Eclipse and K-pop Up put out messages of outrage and solidarity. The BTS fan group Bay Area BTSxARMY has also donated profits from crafts sales to Black Visions Collective, an organization “dedicated to Black liberation.”

Add this to the growing number of K-pop stars — BTS, Monsta X, Jay Park, Eric Nam, GOT7’s Mark Tuan, DAY6’s Jae, Amber Liu, Tiffany Young and NCT 127’s Johnny — who have used social media to raise awareness and dollars. KARD’s American-born rapper BM posted a personal message on his Instagram story, “Black culture helped me find confidence and character.” Crush, a K-pop idol who sings R&B, wrote, “Many artists and people around the world get so much inspiration by black culture and music including me. We have a duty to respect every race.” And last week, BTS and their management company Big Hit Entertainment donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter, an amount matched by their global ARMY fanbase in 24 hours.

Many more participated in Blackout Tuesday, temporarily halting their social media posts to educate themselves and encourage others to do the same, including “Gangnam Style” creator Psy.

In a crazy twist, K-pop fans have been weaponizing “fancams,” sending out videos and GIFs of their favorite performers to flood police departments seeking footage of protesters misbehaving and to drown out hashtags that run counter to BLM’s goals. Such actions show small steps taken toward the bigger picture: to recognize and honor the role of black excellence in K-pop’s evolution while pledging solidarity with Black Lives Matter and the search for justice.Girls' Generation may not be making music as a united group at the moment, but former member Jessica Jung is stepping into a new spotlight on her own: her first novel, Shine, comes out later this year, and Teen Vogue has an exciting new excerpt.

The novel tells the story of Korean-American teenager Rachel Kim, who has been training with the fictional Korean idol company DB Entertainment for six years. As she awaits her chance to debut, Rachel deals with competitiveness, friend drama, and of course, love.

“Shine was born because I wanted to tell the truth about my experience, the way only good fiction can," Jessica tells Teen Vogue, referencing her own experiences as a trainee and eventual K-pop star in Girls' Generation and as a solo artist. “But I also wanted to create good entertainment, like I’ve been doing my whole life, and I know that entertainment means blending real details with great storytelling and giving all the characters their own plots to follow."

"I wanted this big ensemble cast of great teen characters like in Gossip Girl, but based on all the people I grew up with and trained with. Oh, and romance – there had to be romance! So this project is the perfect blend of the kinds of shows and books I love, mixed with real things that happened to me and real information about the K-pop world.”

Check out an exclusive excerpt of the book below. Shine will be available for purchase on Sept. 29, 2020.

DB Entertainment’s training campus is exactly like the K-pop stars it churns out: flawless, sparkling, and pretty much impossible to look away from. It’s prime real estate in the heart of Cheongdam-dong, the capital of K-pop. In the summer, trainees gather for yoga and Pilates on the rooftop garden, fighting over the coveted umbrella-covered spots to avoid even the hint of a sun blemish. Inside, giant fountains with spring water flown in directly from Seoraksan grace the teakwood and marble-clad lobbies. The DB execs claim the fountains are there to help us channel our inner peace in order to achieve our highest potential—but we all know what a joke that is. There’s no inner peace to be had here.

Especially not with the yearbook staring you in the face every day.

The yearbook (so named because most of the trainees here never get the chance to have an actual high school yearbook) is what we call the walls surrounding the fountain in the central wing lobby, decorated with framed photos of every single K-pop star who’s debuted out of DB’s training program. Their picture-perfect smiles and glossy hair remind us mere trainee mortals of what we aspire to be every day as we scurry from class to class. And smack in the middle of the wall—the one place we all hope to see ourselves someday—is a gold plaque with the names of every DB solo star or group who’s had a song debut at #1 on the Seoul music charts.Suga’s solo track “Daechwita” under the alias Agust D in late May begins with a powerful burst from a taepyeongso -- a Korean wind instrument -- as the BTS member sits up from a throne in a period thriller-themed video reminiscent of Netflix’s zombie series Kingdom.



“I sampled ‘Daechiwta,’ which is the music played for when a king was on the move,” the rapper said on the group’s YouTube channel.



In a swirling pre-chorus, he sings, “Who’s the king, who’s the boss.”



The lyrics are fitting as “Daechwita,” which literally translates as “big blowing and hitting,” is a marching song preserved for kings and high-ranking officials.



The music was also played in 2017 when US President Donald Trump was in Seoul for a state visit.



Lee Young, art director at National Gugak Center who is also a taepyeongso player, instantly recognizes the use of its sound.



“It’s the melodies from ‘Daechwita’ with what sounds like the tapeyongso that’s playing in the background.”



The lingering taepeyongso riff from the original song was used at the beginning of Suga’s track for a dramatic intro, Lee explained.





Having racked up over 74 million views on YouTube, the track is the latest in a series of songs that saw traditional Korean music, also known as gugak, meet K-pop in recent years. 



And “when traditional music collaborates with popular genres like hip-hop and creates new music,” Lee says a new creative work is born.



In the 2018 single “Idol,” BTS embraced their Korean roots as they showed off chants and dance moves inspired by a traditional mask dance called Bongsan Talchum while in Hanbok-inspired outfits in the video.



Sunmi released “Lalalay” the following year, a mid-tempo pop song that heavily features the taepyeongso in its instrumental chorus. The title happens to be another name for the taepyeongso.



Monsta X’s 2019 single “Follow” took a similar path, featuring a sound resembling that of the taepyeongso to live up to the group’s usual energetic and powerful sound.



“It sounds like it’s part of an old musical legacy while retaining modernity, freshness as well as strength which we thought would work well in a track with an EDP drop,” the writers and producer of the track said.



With instruments like the taepeyongso used in Korean pop music as early as in the ’90s, notably in Seo Taiji and Boys’s “Hayeoga,” Lee sees the mix of old and contemporary pop music is a rather good thing.



“Just like water can fester if it doesn’t flow, a culture can get stuck, become stale and make no progress, which is why I believe that collaboration between traditional Korean music and other genres is a good thing.”



By Yim Hyun-su ( Having racked up over 74 million views on YouTube, the track is the latest in a series of songs that saw traditional Korean music, also known as gugak, meet K-pop in recent years.And “when traditional music collaborates with popular genres like hip-hop and creates new music,” Lee says a new creative work is born.In the 2018 single “Idol,” BTS embraced their Korean roots as they showed off chants and dance moves inspired by a traditional mask dance called Bongsan Talchum while in Hanbok-inspired outfits in the video.Sunmi released “Lalalay” the following year, a mid-tempo pop song that heavily features the taepyeongso in its instrumental chorus. The title happens to be another name for the taepyeongso.Monsta X’s 2019 single “Follow” took a similar path, featuring a sound resembling that of the taepyeongso to live up to the group’s usual energetic and powerful sound.“It sounds like it’s part of an old musical legacy while retaining modernity, freshness as well as strength which we thought would work well in a track with an EDP drop,” the writers and producer of the track said.With instruments like the taepeyongso used in Korean pop music as early as in the ’90s, notably in Seo Taiji and Boys’s “Hayeoga,” Lee sees the mix of old and contemporary pop music is a rather good thing.“Just like water can fester if it doesn’t flow, a culture can get stuck, become stale and make no progress, which is why I believe that collaboration between traditional Korean music and other genres is a good thing.”By Yim Hyun-su ( hyunsu@heraldcorp.com
• K-pop stans have recently come into the digital spotlight after leading efforts online to spam a police app with fancams and flood hashtags on Twitter and Instagram in order to drown out racist posts.
• The actions stans have taken amid Black Lives Matter are built on a fandom history of digitally organizing around trending hashtags or leading charity campaigns for non-profits.
• While the majority of the attention the K-pop fandom has experienced recently has been positive, it fails to address the racism that Black fans still face in the community.

In the wake of George Floyd's killing and amid Black Lives Matter protests, there's been a paradigm shift in the perception of K-pop stans online. While locals (non-stans) have typically had an adversarial relationship with K-pop fandom in the past, recent events have shaken that relationship up.

K-pop stans have made their presence known across the US and around the world. They spammed a police app with fancams, took over hashtags on Twitter and Instagram in an effort to drown out racist posts, worked to stop their own hashtags from trending out of respect for #BlackLivesMatter, and in the case of BTS' ARMY, matched the group's $1 million Black Lives Matter donation in approximately a day.

Reactions to those events typically bore a tone of shock or surprise, with Twitter users later using the #kpopstans hashtag to express appreciation or to alert stans of another hashtag. As MIT Technology Review's Abby Ohlheiser noted, "Online culture loves a vigilante in times of crisis."

Previously, locals have complained about fancams (short fandom-focused videos or edits) and argued that stans are too quick to start cancelation hashtags. Now, fancams are a good thing and K-pop stans are being praised by celebrities like Keke Palmer and Jordan Peele.

While the public's change of heart around K-pop stans may come as a surprise, what doesn't is the fact that K-pop stans were able to mobilize so quickly. Modern K-pop fandom, after a decade of leveraging social media as a way to bring awareness to artists and using fandom organizing to raise money for worldwide causes, is built around digital organization on a massive scale.

K-pop fans have a long history of mobilizing around projects related to their artists, and that's part of what makes quick, collective action so possible. K-pop fans are well-accustomed to trending hashtags around new releases, and they're quick to respond to new content: for instance, BTS released a new music video on June 11 for the song "We Are Bulletproof: The Eternal." Within an hour, ARMY (BTS fans) were trending #WeAreBulletproofTheEternal to celebrate the new release.

Even if K-pop fans sometimes trend a hashtag or keyword on Twitter without intending to (this happens frequently), fans work to trend things on purpose plenty of the time as well, sometimes voting and deliberately choosing when and how to trend tags for birthdays, music drops, or other events.

Fanbases of individual groups publicize voting campaigns to their significant followings on Twitter that typically number in the thousands; many fandoms focus on voting for idols on Korean music shows so that they can notch their first coveted music show win, a major signifier of success.

Post-"Gangnam Style," PSY's breakthrough 2012 hit that brought Korean pop music into the US mainstream, fans turned towards platforms like YouTube and Twitter primarily to try and increase K-pop's visibility online, said Michelle Cho, a professor of East Asian popular cultures at the University of Toronto who specializes in Korean film, media, and the Korean wave. Cho also recently spoke with MIT Technology Review.

"[K-pop fans] have developed a certain kind of repertoire and skills on how to use social media platforms to bring things to prominence," Cho told Insider. "I think that the K-pop fandom over time has developed an awareness that they can have influence in this way."

Recent works of so-called "fancam activism," like flooding hashtags like #whitelivesmatter with videos of dancing K-pop idols, was possible because K-pop stans were able to leverage the stability of pre-existing fandom networks in order to coordinate to take over tags (it's worth noting that K-pop stans have a reputation on local Twitter for starting or commandeering #isoverparty hashtags).

Furthermore, through engaging in public acts like disrupting racist posts on social platforms, stans also stand to change public opinion of the fandom itself. Boy band fandoms have been denigrated in frequently sexist ways since the Beatles era, but Cho says that K-pop fans could present themselves in a different light, as a group of "diverse, politically progressive, social media savvy people."

BTS fans matching the band's $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter relied on previous fandom systems

One of the most compelling events in K-pop fans' wave of digital activism was a massive fundraising campaign by BTS' ARMY in an effort to match the group's million-dollar donation to Black Lives Matter.

The campaign was successful — just a day after Variety reported BTS' contribution, ARMY managed to collectively raise the same amount, splitting donations across organizations like Reclaim the Block, the NAACP, and Black Lives Matter. One in an ARMY, (OIAA) a volunteer collective of BTS fans who have been organizing monthly charity projects since 2018, tracked the donations through a split donation page on ActBlue.

Erika Overton, who does outreach and communications for OIAA, told Insider that the group typically plans out its charity projects months in advance in order to liaise with non-profits and prepare campaign materials. That model doesn't allow for quick responses to crisis events — in those cases, OIAA typically compiles threads of resources for ARMYs who want to help.

On June 1, OIAA put out a Carrd website listing donation pages for non-profits as well as the split donation page that became the lynchpin of the #MatchAMillion campaign. Overton said that ARMYs had donated upwards of $50,000 before news of BTS' donation broke on June 6. After ARMY decided to try to match it and settled on the #MatchAMillion hashtag, the Carrd began to circulate widely and donations began to climb into the hundred-thousands.

The donation match was possible due to existing fandom structures like One in an ARMY. However, just as OIAA itself originated from a group of ARMYs wanting to leverage the fandom's power to raise money for Syrian relief in 2018, the #MatchAMillion campaign started with ARMYs calling on each other.

"These kinds of things are not usual," Overton said. "But when BTS themselves actually make a statement… that's like pouring rocket fuel on a fire that's already burning. So when they did their donation, [ARMY] was like, heck yeah, we're doing this."

K-pop fandoms, however, are still full of anti-Blackness

Recent attention regarding ARMY's donation match or the fancam activism has largely referenced "K-pop stans" as if they were a homogenous group, rather than a diverse set of people who vary in terms of race, age, country of origin, gender, and political beliefs. Flattening the broad fandom into a singular force fails to account for the racism that Black K-pop stans face.

Most recently, BigHit Entertainment and BTS' Suga apologized for using a sample of cult leader Jim Jones, who was responsible for the death of hundreds of his followers, many of whom were Black. Prior to the apology, and the removal of the sample from the track, some Black fans who had raised concerns over the sample were harassed and labeled as "antis" attempting to defame Suga's reputation.

Cho says that these kinds of situations are how anti-Blackness frequently manifests in K-pop fandoms: some Black K-pop fans will call out an idol for cultural appropriation, blackface, or any other anti-Black action, and fans of an idol or group will become defensive and angry at those who leveled the criticism. "The reason why some fans don't see that as an expression of systemic racism is that they really feel like, 'No, we're just defending our individual idol against these unfair attacks," she said.

Black fans are sometimes left out of the conversation when it comes to anti-racist efforts

Black fans have been left out of much of the conversation about K-pop fandom's recent viral anti-racism efforts, said Ellie Forte, a 19-year-old Black K-pop stan who goes by @nctbussyy on Twitter and primarily follows SM Entertainment groups. "When it came to talking about, 'Oh, K-pop fans are revolutionary, they're combatting racism,' what people forgot about a lot was that Black stans were the ones who were really bringing up awareness about George Floyd and the Black Lives Matter movement."

Ellie said that Black fans' voices are silenced in K-pop fandom, most recently when she saw K-pop fans continuing to spread videos of George Floyd's death, especially without trigger warnings, despite Black fans asking them to stop doing so. She said that she's also seen pushback against Black fans who call on idols to speak up about Black Lives Matter.

De'Andra, a 23-year-old Black K-pop stan who goes by @tytaped on Twitter and preferred to not use her last name, said that she has seen Black fans harassed and doxxed for speaking up about idols' actions in addition to seeing K-pop accounts pretending to be Black, using AAVE (African American Vernacular English), and weighing in on issues "as a 'Black' person."

Certain efforts by groups of K-pop stans can also have effects other than those intended. De'Andra said that while she thought that spamming the Dallas police app and hashtags used to attempt to identify protesters were clever, she didn't like how the tactic was applied to hashtags like #whitelivesmatter because they ended up trending higher than they had been previously.

"[The trending hashtags] triggered a lot of black people actually. Sometimes, we don't realize how counterproductive our actions can be," Ellie said. "I may see it as counterproductive, but another Black person may see it as, 'Oh my gosh, this was great because I don't have to see racist posts.'"

Some Black fans feel that idols have a responsibility to speak up

As The Atlantic's Kaitlyn Tiffany wrote, many K-pop stans were taking action to support protests even before their favorite idols spoke up. Still though, idols speaking up does make a difference — while some BTS fans were already donating and working to support Black Lives Matter long before BTS spoke out in support on June 4 or their donation was made public, the group's action indubitably spurred the fandom into re-action with the donation campaign.

More importantly, however, idols speaking out does matter to some Black fans, particularly given the extent to which K-pop draws on Black culture. In an op-ed for Teen Vogue, Natasha Mulenga argued that K-pop artists should keep speaking up about Black Lives Matter due to K-pop's roots in and reliance on Black culture.

"Lately, I've been thinking now more than ever when I hear [K-pop artists] say that they care about and appreciate the support of all their fans if I am included in this, if Black people are included in this," De'Andra said.

Ellie, along with other Black K-pop fans including De'Andra, @DavonnaDarling, and @BlaxSeoul, organized a hashtag project for June 12 calling on SM Entertainment, one of South Korea's major entertainment companies, to use its platform to "stand in solidarity with Black people in our fight for racial and social equality in all areas."

Early in the morning on June 12, people began to use the hashtags #SMBLACKOUT and #SMUseYourPlatform to call on SM Entertainment to speak out, with some expressing that they wouldn't support the company until they did so. While some SM Entertainment idols like NCT's Johnny and Red Velvet's Yeri have spoken out on social media, SM Entertainment has not made a public statement.

Ultimately, Ellie said that it's important to listen to Black fans and include them in conversations about K-pop fandom. However, she said that anti-Blackness is far from exclusive to K-pop stan spaces online: "Even though Black K-pop stans are finding themselves stuck in this anti-Black fandom, they can't go anywhere else because every fandom has anti-Blackness in it," she said. "Black fans, no matter where they go, don't have those safe spaces really to just be themselves."
• K-pop stans are using short videos called fancams to drown out racists online. This is how the movement started.
• K-pop stans flooded the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag on Twitter and Instagram with fancams and memes to drown out racist posts
• BTS stans matched the K-pop group's $1 million Black Lives Matter donation in one day through the #MatchAMillion campaign
• Dallas Police asked people to report illegal protest activity via an app. K-pop stans organized to spam it with fancams instead.BTS’ Jin and Exo’s Suho, Baekhyun, Chanyeol and Chen will have to enlist before the end of the year, while Suga and Shinee’s Taemin are up in 2021 – which other K-pop idols will have to do Korean military service next, and is there a way to avoid doing it?Katya Grossman couldn’t march in the U.S. protests against police violence and racism, but, with a few keystrokes, she raised a six-figure sum for the cause by tapping into a massive, impassioned, international platform at her fingertips: K-pop fandom.

That a chronically ill college senior from a small town in Hudson Valley, N.Y., could instantly connect to the global outrage over the death of George Floyd is a testament to the power and allure of South Korean boy bands and their legions of social-media-clever fans.

The 21-year-old sat on her bed and typed out a challenge to the 3,000 followers on her fan account for boy band BTS: “You buy 7 copies of the same album and then say you’re ‘poor’! You can donate a dollar!” she wrote, linking to an online fundraising page for a young women’s political action group in Minnesota. She listed what she thought was a moonshot goal — $1,000.

As of Thursday, she’d raised more than $150,000.

Dominating on social media is at the heart of the avid worldwide fandom of the Korean pop music. Fans have gained notoriety over the years for carpet-bombing Twitter timelines and Instagram feeds in support of stars or groups they like, promoting new songs or albums the minute they’re released or circulating videos and photos of their “faves.” They’ve been known to strategically stream YouTube videos for hours on end, or rain abuse on anyone making negative comments about groups they support.

In recent days, many of them have unleashed their online prowess toward supporting Black Lives Matter protests — crashing police tip lines, circulating petitions and fundraising pages, amplifying activists’ messages. They took over hashtags including #WhiteLivesMatter to drown out those opposing the protests.

“We’re known for our antics,” said Grossman, who was turned onto K-pop about a year ago through the group Blackpink and later became a devout BTS fan. “We dedicate to things. It’s very obsessive, our support or not-support of things.”

She was among the K-pop fans who responded to a request from the Dallas Police Department for videos of “illegal activity from the protests” by sending in K-pop videos instead, causing the department’s app to crash. Grossman sent in more than 10 videos, some of them of Choi Soobin, from the group TXT, dancing.

The hacker activist group Anonymous took note, writing on Twitter: “K-Pop armies have now been weaponized against the State.”

While music has helped propel social movements throughout history, the carefully crafted, commercialized world of K-pop has largely steered clear of political and social issues in the interest of preserving mass appeal and avoiding even a whiff of scandal. Groomed from a young age for stardom by agencies, stars rarely voice political opinions, and when they do, they’ve occasionally met with backlash from fans or repercussions from music labels.

That hasn’t stopped fans — many of whom are Gen Z digital natives perhaps experiencing their first social awakening — from emerging as a force to be reckoned with in the latest conversations over race and justice in the U.S.

“We’re a huge audience,” said 19-year-old Louisianne Momavuli, a BTS fan based in London, who said she felt compelled to speak up, donate to bail funds and support protests in the U.S. after watching videos from fellow black BTS fans protesting in American streets. “We’re all over the world. It’s so cool to all come together in one place.”

Jiyoung Lee, a 49-year-old South Korean philosophy professor and BTS fan, said the global network of fans had in recent years tapped their social media organizing skills to get messages out about the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong and crackdowns on student protests in Bangladesh in 2018.

This week, she called on K-pop fans in South Korea to back fellow fans in the U.S., noting that South Korea has experience with large-scale protests against authoritarianism.

“We know so well, the scene of protests engulfed in fear and rage,” she wrote in Korean on Twitter, urging South Korean fans to support the Black Lives Matter movement. “It may give a bit of encouragement for us to show them we’re with them, even if just in spirit.”

Lee, who wrote a book on BTS, said coordinated action on social media for K-pop fans occurred organically. Fans vote for the groups they support and tweet about them in order to boost their rank on Billboard’s “Social 50" chart, which is based on social media metrics. But the recent political activism was born of fans connecting with one another beyond cultures and borders.

“It’s a very fluid and loose organization. At any given time, a new core will emerge, then disappear,” she said. “Behind each and every fan account is a person. A person not unlike those out there protesting, reacting as a human being.”

Grossman, the college senior, said based on years of experience of promoting their favorite stars, when the need for their platform arose, K-pop fans knew instinctively what to do.

“It’s like a tacit agreement,” she said. “We just know.”Welcome to FTW Explains: a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world.

This week we saw massive protests across the country in the wake of the killing of George Floyd, who died after a police officer in Minneapolis sustained pressure to Floyd’s neck for over eight minutes. The officer, Derek Chauvin, has now been arrested on third-degree murder charges.

One of the more bizarre subplots of the week has been the activation of K-pop stans on the internet for progressive causes during the protests. The story is very of the internet and a bit confusing even for people who spend Way Too Much Time Online, so we’re here to explain it all for you.

OK, so who is involved here?

What is K-pop? And actually, uh, what are stans?

K-pop is shorthand for a genre of popular music based in South Korea. Stans = devoted fans. The name which is derived in part from an Eminem song about a fan who crosses the line into obsession.

K-pop stans are devoted fans of pop bands in the genre such as BTS or BLACKPINK.

K-pop stans have gotten known in internet circles for peculiar, some might argue aggressive ways of expressing their extreme fandom. One way they show their devotion to these bands is by taking over hashtags and posting dozens, if not hundreds, of videos and GIFs of the bands, even if the hashtag is completely unrelated to the band itself, or even K-pop generally.

Got it. What does any of this have to do with the protests?

Some members of the K-pop community have basically chosen to weaponize their intense, collective fan power to overwhelm hashtags that are typically reserved for content that is either pro-police or pro-right wing.

They’ve also started inundating apps that were built by police departments to allow citizens to report crimes.

What do you mean by “overwhelm” and “inundate?”

Basically, a hashtag is only as effective as the content that is organized under it. We saw unintended consequences of that very this this week with the #BlackoutTuesday movement that saw the #blacklivesmatter hashtag, which normally serves as a way for protestors to communicate and share information, overwhelmed with all black squares. Anyone who usually used the hashtag to keep informed on the movement couldn’t use it — there were just black squares everywhere.

K-pop fans have taken that power to the other side. Hashtags or apps that authorities may try to use to track protestors is now unusable, as it’s just packed to the gills with videos of Korean pop stars or memes.

Where have they deployed their spamming?

One place they activated was against the Kirkland, Washington police department, which asked users to use the hashtag #calmkirkland to report incidents “related to public rioting or looting.”

This is just a glimpse at posts tagged with the #calmkirkland hashtag on Wednesday morning:

K-pop fans have also inundated the #bluelivesmatter hashtag, as well as an online portal the Grand Rapids police department set up to report picture or video evidence of “unrest.”

This all seems very complicated and confusing.K-Pop Fandoms' Undeniable Power As They Mobilise For Black Lives Matter

K-pop fandoms are being praised for their united efforts in the Black Lives Matter movement- using unorthodox methods and Gen Z techniques they know best to help, from crashing police websites to raising millions at the snap of a finger.

K-pop Stans and Twitter are the closest knit BFFs in the friendship group of Gen Z, and are ready and equipped to take down any oppressive force that steps in people's way- which is exactly what fandoms are doing during the latest wave of Black Lives Matter protests, showing everyone how to use an extremely powerful force for good.

BTS Donate To Black Lives Matter Organisations & Take Stand Against Racism

Raising a million dollars to match the BLM donation made by BTS practically overnight, honestly, by Stan standards, is child's play- they're out there doing so much more in the space of a week.

When protests broke out across the US, they quickly rallied together to spam 'fancam' videos of bands to jam police 'snitch' apps asking people to report protestors to- and it worked, crashing Dallas police department's app.

As one Twitter user put it: "I never thought I'd see the day when gifs of very pretty, very dramatic Korean boys would be a legitimately powerful tactic for opposing a fascist regime. We are in the weirdest timeline."

The fandom also took over the entire #whitelivesmatter hashtag, drowning out racist messages with K-pop content, much to the amusement of people clicking through to the trending tag filled with doom.

The unstoppable rise and power of the fandoms lie in its global reach- K-pop fans are spread across almost every single country across the globe, and their (mostly) young demographic are leaps and bounds ahead in social media expertise with an acute understanding of how to maximise every inch of a platform.

They are, for all intents and purposes, also relatively invisible- anyone can be, and is, a part of the fandom.

Typically, their social media mobilisation has been to engage and promote with their favourite k-pop act, be it BLACKPINK or BTS, but now, there's a more urgent rallying cry, the rights of Black people, many of which are long standing members of these fandom communities.

The year is 2020, we're a good three months into a global pandemic and Oscar winning writer-director Jordan Peele is tweeting he loves K-pop Stans in the middle of a powerful Black Lives Matter movement, and everyone's just going to have to get their heads around it, fast!

Because, by the time people understand how methods of protest and disruption have progressed- it's likely the internet will have already moved on, that's just the fast-paced and ever-shifting reality of social media and the young people who know how to use it.

> Download Our App For All The Latest Music NewsThere are four useful lessons that businesses can learn from K-pop's digital transformation success, says a UNSW Business School expert

K-pop has become a thriving cultural and global enterprise because the industry invested in technologies that enabled creative communication between fans and content producers, says Dr Felix Tan.

K-pop (Korean pop) is not just a music genre; it is a global phenomenon. Hailed as "South Korea's greatest export" by Time magazine, it is one of the most lucrative industries in the world.

But how has K-pop become such a thriving cultural and global enterprise? Felix Tan, Senior Lecturer in the School of Information Systems and Technology Management at UNSW Business School, says digital transformation has driven much of K-pop's industry change towards success in recent years.

Together with colleagues, Dr Tan set out to find how the digital transformation of ecosystems unfolded within the K-pop industry from 2015 to 2018. Their paper Digital transformation of business ecosystems: Evidence from the Korean pop industry was published by the Informations System Journal in April this year.

So what role has IT played in accelerating K-pop's success, and what lessons can companies take away from its digital transformation success?

K-pop's robust business ecosystem consists of an array of stakeholders who all have different interests and roles in making it a success: artists, entertainment companies, media, fans, digital platforms and event managers. Some have been present in the business ecosystem for a long time, while others joined more recently as the industry started to incorporate the use of IT, explains Dr Tan.

Because technology helps shift boundaries, it also enables the commercialisation of innovation, allowing for the development and creation of new interdependencies between the existing stakeholders of a business ecosystem.

The crucial role of IT, and the digital platforms that support these technologies, is to drive the reshaping of boundary practices and these essential practices enable the formation and transformation of new business ecosystems, explains Dr Tan.

"[So] when we talk about the role of technologies, it is really to enable these new interdependencies and new capabilities for commercialising innovations within that business ecosystem to be developed," he says.

The researchers also discuss the importance of platforms in allowing for the commoditisation of creative content.

"The commoditisation of creativity invites different stakeholders within a business ecosystem to come together and join in core innovation to build effective content generation and delivery," explains Dr Tan.

The success of K-pop has also proven that language barriers don't matter; instead, it is the clever use of technology for the public dissemination, consumption and commodification of the creative content that leads to success.

"It is also developing a template in which people can readily consume this creative content – technology plays a huge part here," he says.

Another key takeaway that businesses can utilise is to create thoughtful digital identities through technology.

"It makes it easier for consumers to understand your value proposition and your value creation process," says Dr Tan. He suggests businesses must have considered dialogues and engage with the customers if they are to stay relevant and survive in the new era.

Businesses must invest in technology that allows them to create more relevant content and deliver better processes – another thing the K-pop industry has done so well.

"Businesses must treat data as a new currency [and] use data to enable new partnerships, new ways of commercialising innovations and fixing customer problems," continued Dr Tan.

The paper also highlights that IT-enabled multidirectional communications among fans, content providers and content producers played a huge role in K-pop's success. Much like how K-pop relies on its engaged fan base, companies should learn from this by creating spaces for more meaningful dialogues with their customers, as businesses cannot be silent.

Platforms can change the way people consume information. "Twitter and Facebook became the leading platforms for fans to share information and news about artists, including behind‐the‐scenes footage for weekly music shows, fan‐subbed material and images taken by fans," explains Dr Tan.

Notably, Korean became the seventh language that Twitter supported from 2010 when the social media platform partnered with Korean web portal Daum to display Korean tweets.

"So what the platforms that Facebook and Twitter do, is that they reduce the search costs of suppliers and consumers of the business to a very low level, so the barriers of entry to this content are very low," says Dr Tan.

But the platform also must maintain a close dialogue with consumers and suppliers of the content. "Hence, what is created is exactly what the consumers want and what the consumers are willing to pay for," continues Dr Tan.

"The lasting impact of this has been that there are now new ways of creation and commercialising ideas and innovation; there will be new economic communities, interactive organisations and individuals that are created as a result of the digital transformation between 2010 to 2018," he adds.

Indeed, K-pop utilises technology in a way that enables the development and transformation of an existing business ecosystem, and Dr Tan suggests this process can be applied to several industries, and not just K-pop.

For the full article 4 lessons in digital transformation from the lucrative K-pop industry, visit BusinessThink which shares the latest UNSW Business School research stories, analysis, evidence-based opinion and insightsK-pop stans are legion and cannot be stopped.

Just about a week after overwhelming a Dallas police "snitch" app with memes and fancams, K-pop fans are now flooding QAnon hashtags with fancams, videos, and memes. It's beautiful.

After the hacker group Anonymous called for spamming QAnon hashtags, K-pop stans rushed in to do their part.

If you don't know anything about K-pop — Korean pop bands — just know they have massive amounts of fans who hold the power to make literally everything go viral. The most notable band is BTS, whom you must have heard of.

But, in the wake of mass protests against racism and police brutality, those fans have channeled their power for good. They've done the nearly unthinkable: stopped tweeting about their faves to ensure Black Lives Matter hashtags rose to the top of trending. And again, they also spammed a Dallas police department app aimed at identifying protesters with such force that it took down the app.

And if you don't know anything about QAnon. Well, bless your good fortune. But basically, it's a very powerful, pro-Trump, absolutely bonkers, winding conspiracy theory — the seeds of which were planted by a Reddit user nicknamed Q — that the president is actually in control of a plan to up-end the so-called "deep state" and expose countless powerful pedophiles.

If you search common QAnon hashtags on Twitter, like #qanon and #WWG1WGA — which stands for "where we go one, we go all" — there is some typical conspiracy nonsense but also lots and lots of K-pop stuff.

It just goes to show you: QAnon might be a powerful online conspiracy, but K-pop stans are a powerful online force with the ability to overwhelm conversations and change the dialogue.

Of course in the wrong hands, this sort of power can be really dangerous, considering it's the sort of tactic employed by Russian bots during the 2016 election cycle.Earlier in the week Donald Trump’s campaign manager Brad Parscale tweeted that there were over 1 million ticket requests. This boast led to planned events for an overflow crowd outside the BOK Center, which holds 19,000. Reports from inside prove that there was, in fact, a very low turnout, with Forbes totaling the count at under 6,200.

K-pop fans active on social media, particularly TikTok, are claiming some responsibility for contorting Trump’s expectations. The Times quotes YouTuber Elijah Daniel as saying “K-pop Twitter and Alt TikTok have a good alliance where they spread information amongst each other very quickly. They all know the algorithms and how they can boost videos to get where they want.”

A TikTok video from Mary Jo Laupp, who brands herself #TikTokGrandma, uploaded a video on June 12th that swiftly explains a strategy for securing tickets to the rally. It had over 2 million views and 700,000 likes Sunday morning.

New York Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was quick to comment on how the evening went down. She first issued a stern diss to Parscale, who tried to blame the meager crowds on, in part, “apocalyptic media coverage.” The Queens and Bronx congresswoman teased him, saying “you just got ROCKED by teens on TikTok.”

In a follow-up tweet she added a special recognition to “Kpop allies” for their “contributions in the fight for justice.” She concluded her message with a “relieved face” emoji.

— Author Uzodinma Iweala on White Signs at Black Protests

— “George Floyd Was Killed in My Neighborhood”

— 15 Years After Katrina, a Second Storm—Coronavirus—Hits New Orleans

— How Meghan Markle Decided to Finally Speak Out About George Floyd

— Nikkita Oliver on Seattle’s Extraordinary Protests and What Comes Next

— Where J.K. Rowling’s Transphobia Comes From

— From the Archive: The Origin of “Strange Fruit,” Billie Holiday’s Ballad Against Racism

Looking for more? Sign up for our daily newsletter and never miss a story.Becoming a K-pop star is a dream for many adolescents, but Dita Karang made it a reality.

Indonesia's first K-pop star is part of Secret Number, a five-member girl group that made their debut last month with the single Who Dis?

In the music video for the single, Karang - clad in the K-pop staples of Balenciaga and stylish knee-high boots - flexes her ability to sing in Korean while busting out slick, choreographed dance sequences.

As the song's English translation goes: "Everybody's curious about me wherever I go/ Even if you look around, I'm the most dazzling thing you've ever seen."

Karang's fans tend to agree. Since Secret Number were launched, Karang - full name Anak Agung Ayu Puspa Aditya Karang - has amassed a legion of followers, many of them Indonesians excited at the prospect of one of their countrywomen becoming a full-fledged K-pop idol.

For Karang, it has all been a blessing - and a big responsibility.

"I'm really grateful to get such feedback from people back home," she says. "But I can't lie and say that I don't feel any pressure, because I don't want to disappoint them and those who look up to me."

Karang does not feel that the title of "K-pop's first Indonesian idol" pigeon-holes her in any way.

"I'm actually really proud of the term," she says. "I joined this community because I love K-pop, and not because I wanted to be the 'first' of anything."

Chinese influencer fat-shamed after extreme photo editing revealed Karang's path to stardom began much like that of any K-pop idol. Growing up in the Javanese city of Yogyakarta, the 24-year-old would spend her free time rehearsing dance routines from K-pop music videos - her favourite group was girl band 2NE1. Eventually she graduated to dance competitions and picked up a love of all things related to the hallyu wave of Korean culture.

She went on to study dance theatre at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York, which counts celebrities such as Jason Derulo and Janelle Monae among its alumni.

There, Karang fell in love with the stage.

"The way I feel when I get ready to perform, how it feels when I'm actually on stage, and that moment after I get offstage … that's irreplaceable," she says.

It was also in New York that Karang got her break: a chance audition in a K-pop studio put her on Vine Entertainment's radar. The agency was impressed with her stage presence and dance skills, and invited her back to South Korea to join what would eventually become Secret Number.

Karang isn't the only unique figure in Secret Number's line-up. The multinational five-woman

group consists of Japanese vocalist Lea and two Korean-Americans: rapper Jinny and main vocalist Denise. Lead dancer Soodam - a native South Korean - completes the quintet.

Soodam says that because Secret Number's members hail from different parts of the world, there are times when they have "cultural differences". Instead of seeing this as a stumbling block, however, the group embraces each other's uniqueness.

"Having foreign members has taught us to understand each other better," she says.

Karang agrees. "Because we're all very different individuals, we bring a lot of varying energy to each situation," she says. "But when we practise and do things together as a group, we have a type of synergy - and since all of us make our team the top priority, we're very open to one another for feedback and criticism."

It's a view that the rest of her bandmates take as well. The group says that their diverse backgrounds allow them to tackle more "mature" concepts in their songs - which, in turn, helps them develop their own sense of style in a saturated genre.

The group's second single, Holiday, further pushes the message of female independence introduced in Who Dis? As Karang sings: "Now I'm finally alone/ I like it so much/ You can stay away" - and it's a welcome change from the lovelorn ballads that often dominate the industry.

While Karang notes that her parents were concerned when she said she was going to join the K-pop industry, she says they gave her their blessings when they saw her determination.

"My parents are always supportive of my decisions, as long as I take responsibility for them," she says. "And though I can feel their concern, they trust me and let me go."

For now, Karang says she is staying put in South Korea - but she'll never forget where she came from.

"South Korea is the right place for me to develop myself and I really enjoy working here," she explains, adding that she does miss spending time with her friends and family.

"But Indonesia is, and always will be, my home."K-pop band BTS dancing to ‘Chunnari Chunnari’ in a fan edit video is too hilarious; watchK-pop fans gained new attention this weekend, after they claimed to have registered thousands of tickets for President Trump’s rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, with the intention of not showing up. To the president’s dismay, the arena ended up appearing more than half empty during the rally, leading some K-pop fans to declare victory — although it’s not clear how much of that was due to the fans’ actions.

The stunt was viewed by many as a demonstration of allyship with Black Lives Matter-supporting protesters and Juneteenth celebrants. It followed Korean pop music fans’ sabotage earlier this month of a surveillance app used by the Dallas Police Department — an app that the police encouraged locals to use to send tips about illegal activity among protesters. K-pop fans also recently participated in the derailment of a “White Lives Matter” hashtag, which they flooded with pictures and videos of their favorite idols.

And although these actions have been celebrated by many on the left, including by politicians and protesters themselves, some music fans think it’s important to also remember that K-pop — including its fandom — has a history of cultural misappropriation and racism. In recent years, Korean pop idols have been called out for perpetuating stereotypes about black Americans and for misappropriating black culture by wearing, for example, cornrows and dreadlocks. Artists have also received some backlash for stating that they are skilled at “talking Black” and for racist acts like wearing blackface.

“It sounds sort of racist because it often is racist,” Miranda Ruth Larsen, a K-pop fan and cultural studies researcher at the University of Tokyo, whose work focuses on male Korean and Japanese idols and groups, said during an interview for the Vox podcast Reset.

That said, the cultural misappropriation (a term Larsen prefers to “cultural appropriation,” which she says typically refers to a more conscious process) within K-pop shouldn’t be blamed solely on the artists.

“So let’s say that a K-pop artist is wearing a controversial hairstyle — like they’re wearing dreads or they’re wearing cornrows — eight times out of 10, they did not pick that hairstyle,” Larsen said. “The decision for their hairstyle came from a company, came to a manager, came through an entire chain of command that is responsible and culpable for this bad decision.”

For Larsen, making sure fans and journalists understand this history and way the industry functions is crucial. Without it, it’s impossible to get a full picture of what these recent online activism campaigns coming from K-pop fandoms represent.

Listen to the episode of Reset below.

Subscribe to Reset on Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts.Since the popular singer died, aged 28 on June 16, fans of ‘sparkling Yohan’ have found solace in his band TST’s sentimental hit Paradise, with eerily appropriate lyrics including ‘I hope you have a good day next time’BTS x Chunari Chunari 😂🤣 BTS ke BTS PART 1 @bts.bighitofficial Please Like/Follow/Share @filmforfare for more amazing content. . . . . #bts #btsedits #btsarmy #btsmemes #kpop #dance #dancepractice #chunarichunari #korea #korean #seoul #behindthescenes #india #bollywood #mumbai #biwino1 #salmankhan #anilkapoor #sushmitasen #karishmakapoor #foryou #foryoupage #edits #filmforfareK-POP contest 2020, an yearly event of the Korean Cultural Centre India, Embassy of the Republic of Korea, is back, with its first two rounds to be hosted online. Those willing to participate can post their performance video on YouTube, and register at kpopindia.com till June 15.

“Owing to the exceptional situation, we have made the conscious decision to host the contest with only solo participants. Any Indian nationals above age of 14 years, who has a passion for dancing or singing to K-POP songs can participate in this open contest,” says KCCI Director Kim Kum-Pyoung.

The regional round will be held on the K-POP website with winners competing from the first round in 18 cities of Ahmedabad, Aizawl, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Chennai, Dehradun, Delhi, Guntur, Hyderabad, Imphal, Itanagar, Kohima, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, Nagpur, Patna, and Pune.

Kum-Pyoung says, “The videos of the participants of the online round can be checked on the website by clicking the cities. Fans can watch, like, and comment to cheer their favourite participants.” The rules and eligibility criteria are listed on the K-POP website and social media channels.

On asked if a location for the final round has been selected, Kum-Pyoung says, “Looking at the present situation, our top priority is public safety. It will be best if we first wait for the government’s guidelines and then explore the best options to make it a successful event.”

Over the years, K-POP has witnessed a growing fanbase in India. The 2019 contest saw a total of 3,475 people participate in 1,952 teams.

How to participate

 Those willing to participate can post their performance video on YouTube, and register at kpopindia.com till June 15.These last few weeks have seen widespread protests across the US in response to the murder of George Floyd by Minneapolis police. In addition to and in response to the protests, many people have come together online to stand in solidarity with Black people, share resources and show the brutality faced by protesters at the hands of a militarised police force. Acts of solidarity and resistance have taken many forms but perhaps the most surprising to Twitter users was the use of K-Pop fancams to interfere with police attempts at surveillance.

Fancams, short videos of K-Pop idols performing, appear under almost any viral tweet, no matter how irrelevant, and because of this are arguably considered one of the most annoying things on Twitter by many users (including K-Pop fans). But opinions about K-Pop fans and fancams would soon change when, in response to the Dallas Police Department asking people to submit footage of protesters via their iWatch Dallas app, K-Pop fans organised to spam the app with fancams. Before long the Dallas PD had tweeted that “due to technical difficulties” the app would be down temporarily. K-Pop fans and their fancams were suddenly good.

This would turn out to be only the first in a series of online actions K-Pop fans would take to protect protesters’ identities and take a stand against police and white supremacists. Since then K-Pop fans have responded with fancams to several other police requests for footage and have taken over several hashtags, including #whitelivesmatter, #whiteoutwednesday and #MAGA.

Here’s why I wasn’t surprised by any of this: K-Pop fans were primed for this type of online activism. I’m an activist with experience in grassroots campaigning. I have been an activist longer than I’ve been a fan of K-Pop and a BTS ARMY. Since becoming more aware of and involved in K-Pop and ARMY Twitter I’ve seen how effectively and efficiently fans can organise within their own fandoms, whether it’s to defend their idols against unfair criticism rooted in xenophobia or to stream a new release. K-Pop fans are consistently organising online to make up for the ways in which the Western music industry and media fail to include and promote these artists. The very streaming methods K-Pop fans use are currently being adopted by people to stream monetised videos raising money for bail funds and grassroots organisations. They are expert organisers.

Even if we just look at BTS ARMY, their in-depth knowledge of the music industry and how charts work, things they’ve taught themselves, is something they use to call out the industry and draw attention to discrepancies in how BTS chart versus their actual sales. They are responsible for large scale projects both online and off, like the Purple Ribbon Project and Korean fans donating their ticket refunds to Covid-19 pandemic relief after BTS concerts were cancelled due to the virus. Just last weekend, BTS ARMY, with the help of fan-led monthly charity project One In An ARMY, raised over $1 million dollars for organisations fighting racial injustice in less than 24 hours after news broke of BTS’ donating that amount to Black Lives Matter. Online organising is not new to these fans.

Despite a lot of misconceptions online, K-Pop fans are not a monolith. And while many of the “K-Pop fans are good now” memes are funny (sksksks anyway stan Jungkook), they ignore that this is a diverse group of people from various backgrounds. It can be easy to forget that when you see thousands of similar looking profiles with idols as their icons. But some of the biggest tweets in the last week spreading vital information for protesters and allies were from those K-Pop stan accounts. There are fans from Chile and Hong Kong who are able to share their personal experiences of protest. There are fans who are medical professionals and professors and activists. And there are fans who are none of those things but through fandom have developed certain skills and learned how to mobilise. The assumption that all K-Pop fans are teenage girls is false, and beyond that the assumption that teenage girls aren’t engaged in politics and social issues is wildly inaccurate and misogynist. Like any large group of people, they are every age, race, nationality, religion, gender identity and sexual orientation. This is precisely what makes K-Pop fans a global network of people who can spread and boost information quickly when they have shared goals.

Often though, they don’t have shared goals. The assumption that K-Pop fans are one cohesive group also ignores the fact that frequently fans are more divided than united with “fan wars” being common between stans of different groups. More seriously, many fans experience racism and anti-blackness within their own fandoms and are being silenced when they try to speak on these issues. And while these actions have been inspiring and one of the few sources of levity for a lot of people recently, it would be disingenuous to discuss them without also acknowledging the negative aspects of K-Pop fandom, and fandom in general. A hugely important part of activism is to look within our own communities and listen to the people voicing their concerns. We have to truly listen to Black fans and fans of colour and we have to hold our own communities accountable when they don’t. Without that, everything else falls short.

K-Pop fans aren’t good now, and they weren’t bad before. They are both and everything in between, and they are a force to be reckoned with. What the actions of some K-Pop fans these past weeks have shown is that we are stronger when we direct our energies towards fighting injustice than when we fight each other.BTS and Steve Aoki trailed the way with Waste It on Me, while Ellie Goulding and Diplo teamed up with Red Velvet for Close to Me, John Legend got romantic with Wendy for Written in the Stars, and Lil Nas X and RM walked down Seoul Town RoadSecret Number are the United Nations of the K-pop world as its Hallyu stars come from all over the globeIt’s a truth universally acknowledged that there is no force quite as powerful as Internet fandoms, something K-pop fans have confirmed in their unexpected battle against white supremacy and in support of Black Lives Matter.

While the community has used its power for good in the past, the legion of fans has banded together - taking down Twitter hashtags including #WhiteLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter with dreamy music videos of their favourite Korean music idols.

In a show of support for the Black Lives Matter movement, prominent accounts in the K-pop community urged fans to refrain from tweeting out the names of their favourite celebrities to make space for the anti-racist movement on Twitter trends.

A prominent Blackpink fan account tweeted, “To all BLINKs and BP fanbases! Please stop using the tagline so we can all show our respects for George Floyd. Instead let's put our energy into fighting for justice, signing petitions, and spreading awareness. I hope everyone understands, please and thank you. #BlackLivesMatter”

Fans also coordinated efforts to spam an app designed by the Dallas Police Department, a space for Dallas residents to submit videos to tip off the police department about “criminal activity.”

After fears were raised that the videos submitted may be used to charge protestors, K-pop fans urged one another to “download the app and send all your fancams!!” to overload it.

A fan tweeted, “SEND THEM ALL!!! MAKE THEIR JOBS AS HARD AS POSSIBLE!!! GET THEM FRUSTRATED!!! MAKE THEM TAKE DOWN THE APP!!!”

Following an onslaught of submitted fancams, the Dallas Police Department later tweeted that it was experiencing “technical difficulties” and wrote that the app would be “down temporarily.”

Fans also targeted the hashtag #WhiteOutWednesday, which was set up by critics of the Black Lives Matter movement in response to Black Out Tuesday.

Speaking to Esquire, one fan identified only as Beth said, “I would like to be clear that we are doing this to support the Black Lives Matter movement, and we stand in solidarity with them.”

After White Lives Matter supporters transitioned into a new hashtag called #WhiteLifeMatter to escape the fandom, K-pop fans were swift to catch on and continued to drown out the new hashtag with videos.

However, the stars K-pop fans idolise have drawn controversy themselves, with various pop groups called out for not speaking out on the Black Lives Matter movement (some have since released statements).

High profile K-pop stars and groups have in the past been criticised of culturally appropriating from the black community, with EXO star Kai’s use of dreadlocks and BTS star J-Hope’s video 'Chicken Noodle Soup' coming under fire.

Other stars have also been criticised for openly racist posts, including Big Bang’s Taeyang who in 2016 wished his fans a “happy monkey new year” and posted a picture of his face combined with Kanye West’s and G-Dragon being accused of blackface in the wake of Trayvon Martin’s death.

Taeyang later apologised and G-Dragon’s rep claimed that the blackface picture was a “HUGE misunderstanding” and was “in no way meant to be a political or racial statement.”

Amber Liu, who has also recently shown support for the Black Lives Matter community, has also been criticised after comments she made about the arrest of a black man named Steve Foster in 2019 resurfaced.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Update: In the time since originally reporting, fans of BTS (an astronomically popular K-Pop boy band) have raised over one million dollars for Black Lives Matter and additional civil rights organizations, proving again that no one stans harder than K-Pop fans.



This week, the #BlackoutTuesday campaign marked a grassroots Internet campaign to halt personal promotion during the Black Lives Matter protest in an effort to elevate voices of the movement fighting systemic racism and police violence in America. But, in response to that, white supremacists pushed back with their own movement called #WhiteoutWednesday, an organized attempt to flood the internet with racist propaganda and overwhelm the Black Lives Matter messaging. But, the racist efforts were thwarted by an unlikely Black Lives Matter ally: Fans of Korean pop entered the chat.

As Black Lives Matter protests continue to grow across the United States and beyond, fans of the Korean pop genre have consolidated their social media might to amplify Black Lives Matter voices and suppress the efforts of white supremacists. On Wednesday, the fandom banded together and overwhelmed the #WhiteoutWednesday hashtag, along with white supremacist hashtags like #WhiteLivesMatter, #MAGA, and #BlueLivesMatter—filling the feed with videos of performances from Korean pop stars with the hope of drowning anti-protest rhetoric and redirecting attention back to the protests.

That's not out of character for K-pop fandom. Late last month, fans of the group Blackpink made a consolidated effort to limit posts about the pop act's collaboration with Lady Gaga in an attempt to not overwhelm conversation about the Black Lives Matter movement in the wake of George Floyd's murder.

The latest initiative by K-pop fans to support BLM and fight white supremacists emerged within hours of the creation of #WhiteoutWednesday, jamming it and a number of other hashtags. K-pop fans have emerged as an overwhelming force on social media. In 2019, the fans sent six billion tweets, which is approximately three percent of all tweets sent by everyone in the world. Account numbers are in the tens of thousands.

Half the power is in the size of the group. (A quick Twitter search for "Jungkook," a member of K-Pop band BTS, returns thousands of fan accounts.) The other half is its stunningly organized and connected community. Even small accounts are garnering hundreds of retweets, sending their posts up the algorithm and into right-wing feeds. More successful posts average retweets and likes well into the thousands.

As such, on Wednesday morning, both #WhiteLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter were trending in the top 10 Twitter hashtags in the U.S. However, the content was decidedly not the typical fare that accompanies the hashtag. Where right-wing accounts often link to conspiracy theories or political memes or despicable racist propaganda, K-Pop stans have flooded the tag with everything from criticisms of racism to fan cams—user made videos highlighting a favorite K-Pop soloist.



I reached out to one Twitter user and K-pop stan who has been active in fighting back against white supremacist hashtags. "I would like to be clear that we are doing this to support the Black Lives Matter movement, and we stand in solidarity with them," the user, who prefers to go by the name Beth, told me. The anonymity is necessary, as this type of anti-racist activism can result in Beth being bullied and receiving death threats.

Along with highjacking racist hashtags, K-pop fans are elevating the voices of Black Lives Matter by retweeting posts with petitions and important information about how to donate and support the movement. The K-pop effort, according to Beth, is to suppress white supremacist rhetoric, while also continuing to spread information helpful for the Black Lives Matter movement and protests.

"We have actually been using this method to varying degrees since the protests began to become more active," she tells me. As supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement aim to find the lanes where they can most effectively aid the larger protest initiative, K-Pop stans have certainly found a unique one. Meanwhile, videos on Twitter from activists in the street continue to show documented police brutality, the use of tear gas, and pushback against peaceful protesters.

The Verge reported that fans also helped derail an anti-protester initiative from Dallas police over the weekend. After asking residents to submit videos of illegal activity of protesters, fans flooded the system with the same types of videos seen on the hashtags today. Hashtag takeovers have been an information battle tactic in the past against brands, but now the move has been utilized for social justice and protection of protesters. Specifically during the recent Black Lives Matter protest, hashtags are utilized as a means of distributing information, be it about donation centers, protest meeting grounds, or legal help.

Keeping that initiative in mind is the priority. As Beth said at the end of our conversation, "I certainly wouldn't want our small way of helping the movement to detract from it, so to speak." The K-Pop fandom, a worldwide internet phenomenon, isn't trying to make a fuss. They're just trying to make sure that the loudest voice in the room is the necessary one. There's time to stan Jungkook later.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io"I believe the road I will soon walk is a road requiring greater responsibility than the one I have walked. I will try to be a husband of a family and TVXQ's member Changmin who can return all the support and encouragement I have received," he added.Since the early 2000s, South Korean and Chinese pop culture have been competing with each other to capture the Indonesian market. It began with Korean dramas such as Autumn in My Heart in 2000 which directly competed with Chinese drama Romance in the Rain in 2001.

The popularity of Chinese dramas, nonetheless, quickly faded in the archipelago. Despite the popular Meteor Garden in 2001 from Taiwan which gained high ratings in Indonesia, Chinese dramas were increasingly fading as Korean dramas grew in popularity with dramas like Full House in 2004. Its main actor, Rain, went on to hold the biggest concert of 2005 in Indonesia, attracting 40 thousand spectators.

Although China over the years has also been trying to penetrate the Indonesian market, it remains unable to keep up with the popularity of Korean entertainment. Why is this so?

Initially, Korea marketed its dramas to China which resulted in the so-called Korean fever. Korean dramas entered the China market in such a rapid and large way that the phenomenon was quickly termed “Hallyu” in the Chinese language, which means wave.

This “wave” then stormed Indonesia and quickly gained large audiences in the ASEAN member state. After Rain’s successful concert in 2005, many Korean stars followed suit and held their concerts in the country as well. Seeing how Indonesians were massively inclined towards Korean entertainment, SM Entertainment, South Korea’s largest entertainment firm, held a SM Town Live World Tour III concert in Indonesia in 2012 with all their idols in tow. The concert successfully gathered over 50,000 fans and became the first and biggest K-Pop concert ever held in Indonesia.

Today, this phenomenon has become prevalent with more variety and higher quality of dramas and reality TV shows bases on crime, science fiction, romance, and other genres.

Statistics also show that among countries where Korean boy and girl bands such as BTS, Blackpink, EXO and Twice are watched the most, Indonesia ranks first. Indonesians made up 20 percent of viewership for EXO and Blackpink, or around 496 million in 2018.

Even this week, when girl band Twice launched its ninth mini album entitled More & More, it quickly topped the iTunes Top Album charts in 30 countries, including Indonesia.

The popularity of K-Pop in Indonesia can also be seen in how it has influenced the Indonesian music industry. It has resulted in a whole new batch of boy and girl bands that are heavily influenced by Korean music and dance; among them Smash and Cherrybelle.

Korean singers and bands have also been invited to state events in Indonesia. For example, boy band iKON was one of the guest performers at the closing ceremony of the 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta.

Chinese entertainment, on the other hand, entered the archipelago much earlier. It started with the popularity of Jackie Chan, Andy Lau, and other Chinese actors who starred in popular movies in the 70s and 80s. This resulted in many Indonesians idolising them.

This trend continued with Chinese action dramas in the 90s such as Sun Go Kong and Boboho which showcased traditional Chinese martial arts.

Nevertheless, in the early 2000s, the popularity of Chinese dramas and films were on the wane as Korean dramas with more modern storylines with relatable settings began to penetrate the Indonesian market.

While K-Pop concerts are actively held in Indonesia, the last major Chinese music event that attracted just 7,000 viewers took place in 2013 – a concert by Taiwanese singer, Jay Chou.

Chinese music certainly has a place in Indonesia. But its market share is different from K-Pop which attracts a grassroots audience. It is mainly seen at more formal events such as Chinese New Year celebrations or events organised by Chinese Indonesians.

Although Indonesia is slowly becoming a go-to location for Chinese film directors with movies like Island Dreamzz being shot in Bali and Tsunami in Aceh by Chinese director Jonathan Shen, Chinese movies and dramas are no longer as popular as Korean ones.

China, however, has tried to change the trend. In 2015, for example, China Central Television (CCTV) partnered with PT Elnet Media Bersama to launch Hi-Indo!, the first free-to-air channel broadcasting Chinese programs 24 hours a day in Indonesia.

In 2018, Celestial Tiger Entertainment (CTE) also inked a deal with Indonesian mobile operator Telkomsel to carry Chinese blockbusters and reality shows on their platforms.

Early this year, China's Guangxi Radio and Television Information Network Corp. Ltd. also signed a partnership with TVRI to broadcast a number of Chinese drama series and documentaries dubbed in Bahasa Indonesia.

Although no precise figures are available, such efforts have appeared to be not very successful in attracting new audiences. For instance, Hi-Indo! only has 700 subscribers on YouTube and 28 followers on Twitter.

So why then do Indonesians prefer Korean entertainment?

The first reason is that Korean entertainment is more “integrated.”

“Rather than approach[ing] K-Pop as a genre, a better approach would be “integrated content”. This is because “K-Pop includes not just the music, but the clothes, the makeup, the choreography…all these elements I think sort of amalgamate together in a visual and auditory content package, that I think sets it apart from other music or maybe other genres,” explained Suga, a member of boy band BTS.

Besides good-looking actors and cleverly devised narratives which are in contrast to the standard and worn-thin fare of Indonesian dramas, it is difficult for Indonesian audiences to find stars with a “complete package” on stage. K-Pop somehow brings a refreshing perspective for Indonesian audiences. This is also complemented by the fact that although in the years spanning 2010-2013, there were boy and girl bands emerging, the trend has since dimmed and the Indonesian music scene is now mostly dominated by bands and solo singers. K-Pop fills the gap perfectly.

Today, many Chinese shows have been adapted from successful Korean ones. For example, two top 10 artistes in China – Angelababy and Deng Chao – are cast members of Keep Running, a Chinese version of the hit Korean program Running Man – a reality TV-style show that has guests and MCs performing various challenges to win a race.

The second reason is the use of social media. While Chinese stars are popular on Weibo – China’s biggest social media platform – it is not very popular in Indonesia. Korean stars on the other hand are using popular social media platforms like Twitter and YouTube, where they gain high rankings not only in Indonesia, but across the globe. For example, Gangnam style, a very popular Korean song, ranked as the most watched video on YouTube for half a decade.

It is often found that new content from K-Pop bands trend first on YouTube, Instagram, and Twitter – beating international stars such as Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber, or Taylor Swift.

Thirdly, Indonesians have easy access to Korean entertainment and infotainment. Since the beginning, Korea has been very proactive in making K-Pop available to audiences in Indonesia. With Indonesia as one of the countries with the highest number of internet and social media users in the world, it is no wonder K-Pop has become so easily accessible to Indonesian audiences.

Many Korean dramas are dubbed in Bahasa Indonesia on national TV stations, a feature which has only been made available recently in Chinese entertainment.

Moreover, these dramas can easily be accessed on websites such as kordramas.com, drakorindo.cc, and kshowsubindo.org for free and video-on-demand platforms such as Viu, Netflix, Hoox, K-drama, iFlix, and Drakor.id, among others.

Korean entertainment-related content on social media is not only varied, but also presented with English and Bahasa Indonesia subtitles, making it easier for Indonesian audiences to follow the updates. Some major news outlets in Indonesia such as Detik and KapanLagi often publish Korean infotainment news.

Easy access has made Korean entertainment widely available for Indonesian audiences. In fact, some Korean dramas can be directly accessed in Indonesia with Bahasa Indonesia dubbing or subtitles only a few hours after they are aired in South Korea.There’s a growing desire among youth to pair fandom with activism, but such a movement is vulnerable, says Dymples Leong.

SINGAPORE: As protestors in America mourned the death of George Floyd, the hastag #BlackLivesMatter was trending on social media platforms with solidarity posts worldwide as a protest against police brutality.

The big boost for #BlackLivesMatter can be attributed to Korean popular music (K-pop) superfans, or “stans”.

Using a variety of online tactics, K-pop stans worldwide drowned out hashtags associated with right-wing causes with K-pop videos and memes.

More recently, K-pop stans and teenage TikTok users inflated the number of registered tickets for US President Donald Trump’s campaign rally in Tulsa as a prank, resulting in an underwhelming attendance.

What does this organic mobilisation and crowdsourcing signify, and what can be inferred from the role of non-state, decentralised groups online?

READ: Commentary: How world sensation BTS took K-pop fandom to a whole new level

Fandom has evolved over the decades beyond the stereotype of teenage, mostly female fans into a diverse community with active, engaged participants.

The international popularity of K-pop has exemplified the phenomenon of a globalised community with shared narratives and experiences. K-pop fandoms are made up of highly globalised and diversified communities online – from different races, ethnicities, ages and countries.

The identification of shared experiences builds connections between disparate people, uniting loose networks into tight communities.

A generation of fans skilled in online mobilisation, with organisational skills and a keen understanding of social media, has enabled new and ongoing efforts to showcase and boost the support of the fandom’s artistes.

This collaborative effort promotes hashtags and topics relating to the performer or fandom to trend, and also fosters a strong sense of social connectivity.

K-pop fans are also known for being hugely supportive of charitable causes online. Online mobilisation via crowdfunding includes donating to charities and volunteering in emergency situations.

Supporting charitable causes is viewed as giving back to the community and the wider society. Fans are also motivated by the desire to make their favourite artists proud of their efforts.

Global stans of K-pop band BTS, known as ARMY (Adorable Representative MC for Youth), have supported more than 630 charity projects. For instance, a group of Singapore fans of BTS has partnered with local charity Willing Hearts to raise funds for underprivileged and vulnerable Singaporeans.

READ: COVID-19 has shown that we can be gracious. How do we make it last?

A BTS fan collective, One In An ARMY, has also encouraged fans to contribute micro-donations to non-profit initiatives in Syria and Rwanda.

K-pop fans of bands Blackpink and EXO in China contributed funds and donated medical supplies to fight against COVID-19 in Hubei province.

The fluidity and nimble responsiveness of the fandom has led to agile repurposing of support and amplification for their favourite K-pop artists to social activism campaigns – leveraging the fandom’s digital savviness, creativity and mobilisation experience.

READ: You can now learn Korean from K-pop superstars BTS in new web series

READ: Commentary: Uptick in corporate giving during COVID-19 is much more than just a PR exercise

STAN STRATEGY IN THE US

Various strategies contributed to the scale of coordinated response online. Content spamming and trolling with fancams (short video clips of an artist dancing or singing) was predominantly used.

Fancams – traditionally shared by K-pop stans in response to unrelated social media posts to promote their favourite artists – were used against digital efforts by the police. The Dallas police department’s iWatch app, for instance, reportedly crashed when K-pop stans overwhelmed the app with fancams.

Right-wing hashtags (e.g #whiteoutwednesday, #MAGA) were subjected to hijacking. Fancams and memes were tagged with popular right-wing hashtags, and were used to take over and drown out right-wing narratives.

The use of #BlackLivesMatter further enabled the formation of signposts in which conversations centred around the protests could be galvanised by the international fan community.

Hashtags promoted by police departments as tip lines for information were also taken over, causing them to trend under Twitter’s K-pop label.

Stans also amplified resources shared by Black Lives Matter activists online. K-pop fan groups and accounts with huge followings (e.g. BTS, Blackpink) promoted helplines and resources. BTS stans rallied under the #MatchAMillion hashtag to raise more than US$1 million in 25 hours to match BTS’ seven-figure contribution for the Black Lives Matter movement.

READ: Commentary: Why George Floyd's death could tilt the US election - in Trump's favour

READ: Commentary: George Floyd's death and the rising spectre of a race-based US election

While this has demonstrated the agility and effectiveness of social media and its galvanisation towards social activism causes, it raises questions around online mobilisation.

One issue that could arise is concern about efforts by state or non-state actors to exploit a situation by using sock-puppet or bot-like accounts. These accounts could be used to disrupt, wrest back or counter trending narratives online.

Though there is no evidence that bots or sock-puppet accounts participated in #whiteoutwednesday or other affiliated hashtags, the exploitation and utilisation of such influence tactics could potentially be abused and exploited.

This approach is not novel. The US Senate Intelligence Committee report in 2018 detailed Russian efforts to interfere with the 2016 US presidential election. It highlighted that the Internet Research Agency (IRA) utilised social-media influence campaigns to exploit and amplify existing racism and racial conflict in the United States.

Sock-puppet and troll accounts could join or insert themselves into online social groups, such as fandoms, and use false alibis to potentially embed themselves within the group, and into the greater fandom community itself.

As greater socio-political engagement and activism from fandoms increase, sock-puppet and troll accounts could potentially advance disinformation and influence campaigns to foment division and amplifying propaganda.

Concern of overzealous fans who might take vigilantism efforts too far have also arisen. Accounts of doxxing and spamming efforts on Twitter have occurred, and could potentially lead to a tit-for-tat retaliatory response online.

While stan Twitter has demonstrated its effectiveness in amplifying and mainstreaming important social issues online, the question of the sustainability of such campaigns in the long run remains. A quick shift in public opinion resulting from successful campaigns runs the risk of dissipating over time.

If anything, the digital disruption displayed by K-pop stans reflect a growing urgency for new forms of social action.

Dymples Leong is a Senior Analyst with Centre of Excellence for National Security (CENS) at the S Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), Nanyang Technological University. This commentary first appeared on the Lowy Institute’s blog, The Interpreter.EXO’s Tao and Baekhyun and BigBang’s T.O.P have all been targeted by obsessive fans, while Girls’ Generation’s Taeyeon was the subject of a kidnapping attempt – so what happens when ‘sasaeng’ fans go too far?It’s difficult these days for young K-pop groups to stand out. With the industry’s rapid growth—due in large part to its international explosion—comes new groups, more talent, and thus, more competition. Everyone has catchy songs and perfect performances; everyone has immense skill and a passionate fan base; everyone is hungry to make it big.

Enter Korean Mnet competition show Road to Kingdom (and its girl group predecessor, Queendom), which premiered in April and pitted underrated boy groups—from newcomers like TOO to more senior squads like Pentagon—against each other in a series of extravagant performances to help grow their fan bases and, ultimately, crown a winner. Road to Kingdom’s champion would take home not only increased renown and a shiny trophy, but a pass to the big leagues: entrance into Mnet’s upcoming series, Kingdom, the sequel that will pit Road to Kingdom’s winner against a to-be-determined but likely fearsome lineup of more experienced groups. As the seven competing groups proved, it took more than talent, passion, or myriad fans to win Road to Kingdom—it also took strategy. And eventual champions The Boyz, a young, 11-member group from Cre.Ker entertainment, played to win from the minute the game began.

A few days before being crowned Road to Kingdom champions, The Boyz crowd into a conference room near midnight KST to talk to me over Zoom (via a translator, with the exception of English-fluent members Kevin, Jacob, and Eric). I initially feel guilty about the timing, thinking I’m keeping them from their beds after what was no doubt a long day. But as a slew of iced coffees are delivered midway through the interview, I realize I’m wrong. “We have to go back and practice after this,” chipper, chatty Eric, the group’s youngest, informs me with a grin. “Our practices end in the morning.”

You’d never know The Boyz are in the midst of perhaps the most tiring stretch of their young careers. Whether it’s the caffeine or not, the group seems to have an endless amount of energy. That was certainly one of the takeaways from Road to Kingdom, where The Boyz repeatedly pulled off risky, crowd-pleasing stunts that helped them dominate the first half of the show with three consecutive first-place rankings, and ultimately win it all. In their own words, here’s how they pulled it all off, from showy swordsmanship to fearless fire tricks.

While Other Groups Were Dancing, They Studied the Blade

The Boyz wasted no time getting started. For Road to Kingdom’s first 90-second dance challenge, they kicked off their aptly named “Sword of Victory” performance by launching main dancer Q over the rest of the group to catch a sword in mid-air, transitioning upon landing into a lightning-quick dance break. It was a difficult stunt to start with, and it didn’t help that their practice room ceiling was too short, a problem they solved by taking to their company lobby to practice tossing their relentlessly cheerful frontman. But ultimately the performance hinged just as much on the throw of the sword, a move perfected by the stately Younghoon, The Boyz’s resident actor.

Q: When I first heard that I was going to be thrown, I was actually so scared. I didn’t think I’d be able to do it. But once we repeated it a lot, and once Younghoon and other members got the timing right, it shifted from impossible to possible. And eventually, even when Younghoon would throw it wrong, I would be able to catch the sword in the center.

Younghoon: If I was to throw it wrong, it would feel like I was messing up the whole performance, so I felt really pressured. I practiced so much—I threw it literally, like, thousands of times.

Endless practice was key for subsequent stunts as well, as The Boyz defied gravity again for the following challenge in a glitzy, heist-style cover of Taemin’s “Danger.” In the flashy performance, which features the group stealing the Road to Kingdom crown from a glass case, the whole group jumped and slid around the stage (while a few emerged from thick fog using well-hidden trampolines). But the man of the hour was fiery rapper Sunwoo, who jumped off one member and over three others in a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it game of mid-air leap frog. As one Twitter user put it, “this man trusts this group with his life.”

Sunwoo: I was really scared, because I was afraid that I might get hurt, or the ones beneath me might get hurt. The members below me, they were the ones without fear. They made the performance possible.

Eric: We couldn’t have done it without teamwork and the amount of time we put into practice. And to be honest, Sunwoo did it better in practice and rehearsal. But at least he didn’t fall.

Jacob: In practice, Sunwoo would usually step on my back for the final part of the jump. During the actual performance, Sunwoo stepped on my shoulder—I was really worried. But he landed, and him being safe was the most important part. After that it was all fun and games.

The Boyz Are on Fire

The fun certainly amped up from there: The following week, The Boyz performed a medieval-style arrangement of their song “Reveal” that contained too many highlights to name, including fight choreography, a living painting, death drops, a striking Chajeon Nori–inspired structure, and a very real fireball. Unlike the other stunts, The Boyz are playfully unwilling to explain the logistics behind this performance—especially the moment when angular dancer Juyeon and boisterous vocalist Hyunjae appear to light their hands on fire.

Juyeon: The fire came out of my hand.

Juyeon: To be honest, when Hyunjae and I extend our arms, Q would be kneeling below, and he would light flash paper in Hyunjae’s hand. You wouldn’t see Q lighting it because of the camera angle. The camera would only show our hands and Q would light it up from underneath.

Kevin: The flash paper itself is super flammable and it burns super fast, so even though the heat is really high, it just didn’t sustain itself long enough for Hyunjae to get burned. It’s just an instant flash.

Sunwoo: Another move we didn’t think we’d be able to do was the Chajeon Nori stunt, which the choreographer based on a traditional Korean game. The first time we went up on the rope, it was actually a lot higher than we thought and it was a lot shakier since it was being supported by people. There were actually a few times Hyunjae almost fell off, and we kept burning our hands on the rope.

Hyunjae: That also smelled like barbecue.

The Show Must Go On

Despite their penchant for danger, The Boyz’s winning streak could only last so long. During the fourth week of performances, they earned a third place ranking during a collaboration with fellow competitor Oneus for a cover of Sunmi’s “Heroine.” This time, they decided to pivot to a deeper message and tell the story of their journey to becoming idols. Using props from their own company, including clothes that they actually wore as trainees, The Boyz and Oneus depicted scenes from their auditions, rehearsals, makeup rooms, and concerts. Only five members of The Boyz took part in the collaboration—group leader Sangyeon, main vocalist New, rapper Sunwoo, and dancers Juyeon and Q—but the rest of the group got involved in their own way.

Kevin: Watching it come together and watching the story flow into a concert scene where they dance and laugh together, it really struck us as team members supporting them.

Sangyeon: I think the performance was perfect. As we were preparing, we got a lot closer to Oneus. We talked a lot, joked around, and made lots of good memories. Because of that, when we were performing, we were able to have a better synchronization. We were able to tell our story better because we had gotten so close while we were preparing for the show. I also became close with ONF’s J-Us and Pentagon’s Yeo One. We made a lot of good friends over the course of Road to Kingdom.

The same day as their “Heroine” cover, The Boyz performed an additional solo performance: a graceful, contemporary cover of VIXX’s “Shangri-La” mixed with Beethoven’s “Moonlight Sonata.” The performance was light on stunts, focusing more on intricate choreography and detailed formations—with the exception of one strenuous sequence, in which Sunwoo (who is notoriously afraid of heights) stands on a door suspended in the air by four other members. After Haknyeon spends several moments detailing to me, in English, just how heavy Sunwoo and the door were, I have to ask: Of all 10 of the remaining members, why was New—their slight, delicate main vocalist—one of the ones made to carry such a heavy set piece? The room erupts into laughter as New tosses his pastel hair back to shoot me a look of devastating shade.

New: Why not??

Sunwoo: Actually, when I first heard that New was going to be one of the members carrying me, I was very worried.

[Here, Sunwoo earns himself the full force of New’s death stare.]

I thought to myself, I shouldn’t put weight onto the area that New was carrying, but he was a lot stronger than I had expected. It was only a success because I put a lot of trust in him. New is the star of the show!

Haknyeon: New! New! New! New!

Sunwoo: I don’t know why I’m always put on tall things. Maybe the choreographer doesn’t like me. [Laughs.] I’m kidding, but I don’t know why I’m always at the top. In the beginning, it might have been a pure chance that it was me, but in order to continue the story, I guess it made sense that I’d be the one going up. I keep doing it, but no matter how many times I go on something high, it’s still scary and I don’t get used to it.

Q: “Shangri La” was a memorable performance. We all really liked the human piano moment.

Kevin: If you watch carefully, when the piano dance break happens, our formation actually spells out V-I-X-X.

Eric: Not a lot of people know about that.

The Boyz Are Playing for Keeps

During the Road to Kingdom finale last week, as The Boyz performed “Checkmate,” the new song that propelled them to victory, Sunwoo went higher than ever before—and fell a lot further. The final stage, as Sunwoo put it, was the Avengers: Infinity War of their Road to Kingdom performances. The introduction began with references to all their past songs: Younghoon kicked things off in another sick hat with his “Danger” pocket watch, and it culminated in Sunwoo’s final ascent up a massive staircase with sword and crown in hand. He then plummeted backwards off the final level onto a mattress far below—all before the song even officially began.

But the most buzz-worthy sequence of “Checkmate” saw New, Kevin, and Sangyeon placing two black and white chess pieces onto a mini game board; then, as they drew the board up into a cube, a massive life-sized version behind them was revealed, with Juyeon in black and Hyunjae in white acting as human chess pieces battling inside. The cube sequence was, in part, Kevin’s idea, but it wasn’t the first time The Boyz’s unofficial ideas man got involved on the artistic side of things. Kevin also came up with the “Danger” intro based on “Cell Block Tango” from Chicago (classic theater kid), as well as designing custom accessories for “Reveal” and much of the creative concept behind their “Shangri La” interpretation.

Kevin: The cube scene was supposed to represent our strategy and how we thought of everything in advance. In chess, it’s all about how you think of your moves and every possible outcome in advance, so we wanted to show how all our work on this show has led us to the final checkmate.

New: It’s the best performance of all our performances.

Hyunjae: For the dance break with Juyeon, it was my first time dancing with a rope. We weren’t very experienced in expressing ourselves in this manner, so Juyeon and I practiced a lot.

Haknyeon: Another part that was hard is where Eric throws a cane and I catch it and dance. But the cane was heavier than I expected, so it took a lot of practice to find the right balance.

Kevin: We want people to pay close attention to the final line in the song, “다시 한 번 시작 되는 Game,” which means “A game that is starting once again.” We’re going to Kingdom.

Road to Kingdom, despite crowning an overall winner, was designed to allow up to two groups to advance to compete on Kingdom. If one group had won the overall accumulation of Road to Kingdom points, but lost the live finale voting to another group, both would have moved on to the next show. But the loophole ultimately went to waste—The Boyz swept both categories.

Sangyeon: It was very painful that only one team could continue onto the next round. But of course I wanted The Boyz to win because we want to be able to show even more performances on Kingdom.

Eric: It’s such an honor to have won Road to Kingdom. It was only possible because of all our fans that loved and supported us. I think we all realized how every group is so hardworking and how good they are, how talented they are. We just want all the groups that competed to be more well known and to succeed.

Younghoon: As we were filming Road to Kingdom, I saw that we were able to pull off any genre. That made me realize that our team can do anything, and it helped us grow.

Sunwoo: We’re looking to challenge ourselves with newer concepts and images of our team for Kingdom. Our goal is always the same. It’s for us to be able to show ourselves more to the public as well as prove our ability as a group.At the start of the year, it’s doubtful that anyone’s 2020 bingo card included a tweet from New York representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez thanking “K-pop allies” for snatching up tickets to Trump’s under-attended campaign rally in Tulsa. It probably didn’t have spots for Thor Ragnarok actor Tessa Thompson or late night talk show host John Oliver saying, respectively, that K-pop fans and Jungkook from BTS could “get it” either. 



In the past two weeks, K-pop fans have been in the news more than at any point across the past two years. For the most part, it’s all been connected -- positively or negatively -- to what’s being seen as a newfound, and truly unexpected, spark of social activism.

Fans flooded racist hashtags in an attempt to render them useless. They spammed the iWatch Dallas police app with fancams to protect protestors during the recent anti-racism marches. And who could forget their spearheading of fundraising drives through donation matches? After BTS donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter, the accompanying #MatchAMillion project by the fanbase’s dedicated charity organisation, One In An Army, achieved its goal in a day.

But as those actually in K-pop fandoms know, this lot aren’t newcomers to the art of mobilising mass audiences. In fact, they’re pros at it. They come together to ensure their favourite groups top charts and break YouTube records via “streaming parties”, sure, but also when it comes to raising awareness of social issues and important causes. K-pop fandoms regularly raise funds for charities; they donate to those providing aid following natural disasters and humanitarian crises; they plant (and donate) trees; and have, in the past, given literally tons of food to those in need.

So the charitable nature of K-pop fans isn’t at all surprising. But when you consider the causes that fans around the world are supporting and donating to (BLM-related) or what so much of the surrounding media coverage continues to look like (shock, playing effective activism down as “trolling” or “pranks” by teenage girls), that’s where the surprise lies. Glance at the news reports surrounding the involvement of K-pop fans in protests against anti-Blackness and police brutality following the murders of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and so many others, and two issues stand out: the way in which the efforts of Black fans are being overlooked, and what’s not being said about the historical issues that K-pop and fandom as a whole have with Blackness.

Let’s start by talking about how little of this coverage even acknowledges that there are Black K-pop fans in the first place. Naturally, the primary people in any fandom spearheading or participating in movements that revolve around Black people are likely to be Black themselves, fighting for something that matters to them directly.

The image of the typical American K-pop fan in the media is, well, not as diverse as it could be. Across the coverage seen in recent weeks, the photos of fans and the voices largely chosen to discuss the activism of K-pop fandoms have pushed the unstated belief that the only fans involved are either Asian American or white, and on top of that, that they’re all teenagers.

Those selected to speak for this movement don’t represent Black fans like Sheem, a 20-year-old ARMY (BTS fan) from Wisconsin who has followed BTS for three years and whose activism wasn’t sparked by her fandom, but was enhanced by it. “Even without my ties to this community, I think I would be fighting just as hard online and offline,” she explains. “But as the majority of the people I follow were involved with the movement, I was able to get a lot of information on Twitter that I may have had to search for if I wasn't surrounded by a community that cared so much about activism.”

For Sheem and other Black fans in the K-pop fandom spaces, their activism is fuelled by their existence as Black people. They were already aware of their Blackness long before BTS, Jay Park, CL or any other idol posted a message of equality with the BLM hashtag tacked onto it. They have had no choice but to be aware of it, because anti-Blackness is everywhere. Including in fandoms.

Which brings us to the second issue: ignoring the existence of Black fans and their complex experiences within K-pop communities. While coverage frames these spaces as a kind of post-racial pop paradise primed for progressive politics, the truth -- for Black fans at least -- is that occupying them can be complicated. “It’s difficult to watch the press praise a group of fans who typically do not support Black fans when it comes to racial critiques regarding a group or artist’s anti-Black behaviour,” says B, a Maryland fan in her thirties whose ult (or main) group is BTS. In addition to using her platform to amplify resources and organisations in need, B also tweeted at BTS, BigHit Entertainment’s chairman and founder Bang Si-Hyuk, and many other associated accounts, urging the group to “open your purse” and make a statement of solidarity.

As welcoming as groups within the different K-pop fandoms can be, they’re ultimately just made up of people, and sometimes people can be terrible. This can take the form of dismissing Black fans’ concerns about idols’ misappropriation when it comes to hip-hop concepts -- like former 2PM rapper Jay Park, a repeat offender when it comes to cultural appropriation -- or labelling Black fans as haters or “antis” for having critical thoughts. Some even experienced an initial pushback from others in their fandoms at the very suggestion that idols use their platforms to speak up.

One fan, Adrianne -- who follows multiple groups including BTS, Red Velvet and EXO -- talked about how being a part of her primary fandom has been frustrating at best. “ARMY is usually a mixed bag,” she says. “Despite BTS expressing appreciation for Black art forms, apologising when they've offended and promoting a message of love and acceptance, some ARMY are openly racist when Black ARMY bring up anything that even slightly critiques the group.”

This kind of behaviour in K-pop fandom spaces isn’t locked to a single region or to a particular artists’ fandom. When Winner member Jinu came under fire for wearing a “dreadlock” wig and appearing to mock Black people earlier this year, for example, die-hard fans proceeded to insult Black fans who, quite rightly, took issue with his problematic behaviour, accusing them of being upset “for clout”. Then, when NCT 127’s Taeil was shown wearing a Lynyrd Skynyrd tee with a Confederate flag on it in the concept photos for their latest release, some fans made it their mission to “clear the searches” and shout down Black fans expressing frustration. Some seem intent on drowning out critical comments on artists’ social media when they’re doing something wrong -- as they did on Instagram live when rapper Yun B was discussing his right to play Biggie Smalls in a musical version of the Tupac biopic, All Eyez On Me.

K-pop fandoms have not always been places where Black fans are able to be themselves, to share their thoughts and feelings on Blackness (or how their idol favourites perform Blackness) and be respected for it. The issues that Black fans in any K-pop fandom have brought up -- be it unapologetic blackface as a Halloween costume (as with Yesung from Super Junior); cultural misappropriation from at least a dozen idols donning cornrows or locs; and even artists dropping the N-word in both covers of songs and their own original music -- have all been met with some level of backlash from die-hard fans who aren’t Black. “Black fans are met with a lot of dogpiling, name calling (the N-word and other racial slurs) and even death threats when they point out racism,” says B. “And if a fandom is going to support the BLM movement, they need to support Black fans experiencing racism outside of these protests.”

Thankfully, the way in which many fans aren’t just participating in activism, but listening to and reaching out to Black fans as they educate themselves, is something that provides hope for the future. This focus on being better and in supporting a cause that directly opposes anti-Blackness is something that has felt far removed from K-pop fandoms in recent times. If this kind of energy remains, along with the new consideration of Black members of fandom, it seems possible that the momentum of the wider Black Lives Matter movement will be echoed in the coming together of fans. It could be established as a long-lasting change to the fandom.

As Ashley Griffin, a K-pop fan since 2012, who is in her 30s and runs the Album A Day podcast points out: “When these fans support the movement from a sincere space of solidarity and genuine interest in seeing and making the world a better place, we'll be able to see less cultural misappropriation, harassment, racism and prejudice.”

There is always hope. However, if coverage continues to frame K-pop fandom as a teenage girl-run utopia where everyone just gets along, where anti-racism is a fact of fandom, it makes it harder for Black fans who’ve been in these spaces for years to feel as though they’re being seen and heard. And when the progressive politics and fan activism directly relates back to them, that’s a problem that needs to be fixed.It's not a fandom that was born overnight. But it began seven years ago this month, on the stage of a Korean music show, as the seven members of BTS gave their debut performance.

Now the band, who sing and rap mostly in Korean, inspire the kind of global cultural influence that has people regularly comparing them to The Beatles . Last year, they accounted for an estimated $4.65 billion of South Korea's GDP. Their latest album, Map of the Soul: 7, is their fourth consecutive to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Artist 200 chart in the U.S.

BTS stands for Bangtan sonyeondan in Korean, which translates to "Bulletproof Boy Scouts," a reference to the resilience of youth. As with all K-pop acts, their fandom also has an official name: ARMY, an acronym for Adorable Representative M.C.s for Youth.

"The brand that BTS has is super interesting because it consists of a message more than a musical style or a visual aesthetic," said Michelle Cho, an assistant professor of East Asian Studies at the University of Toronto.

"Their core message continues to be one of a youthful struggle against an adult world that can feel intimidating, forbidding, and the way that young people can come together to overcome the stresses and challenges of growing up. As long as you stay true to yourself and you credit the community that you're a part of, which in BTS' case is the fandom community, the sky's the limit."

Though the message is youthful, its sincerity resonates with fans of all ages. This includes ARMY fans beyond Korea's borders who diligently search for translations of the lyrics as soon as new music drops. What they find — beyond a charisma generally reserved for the divine — is a coming-of-age story.

"It's more than, 'They're so cute!' And they have cool clothes and cool choreography. I mean, that's part of the appeal of the group," said Cho.

"But what fans will self-report… is that BTS has really helped them mentally and emotionally come back from difficult challenges or found them at moments where they needed encouragement."

Zaiyan Chowdhury, a Toronto-based ARMY, says that sentiment resonates with her. She grew up in Canada, immersed in predominantly white culture, anxious about her South Asian roots.

These feelings hit their peak in middle school when Chowdhury, then 11, visited an American mall wearing traditional Bangladeshi clothing.

"When my mom left me alone to wait on a seat while she went into a store, I saw these random people. They would directly look at me and would literally whisper about me, right in front of me," said Chowdhury, who is now an undergraduate student at the University of Toronto.

"From then on, I became very insecure about my culture. I even found myself wishing I was born white."

But she says BTS songs like Idol — with the hook "You can't stop me loving myself" — have completely changed her perspective.

"The message and the meaning behind that one sentence was them expressing that they are going to continue to sing their music completely in Korean. They're going to continue advertising and showing off their own cultural roots and that touched me personally because it also helped me get comfortable with my own culture," said Chowdhury.

"I realized, I want to be me. I'm very comfortable with my skin colour. I'm very comfortable with my features. I'm just very happy where I am. My mental state is so much better."

For Cho, who studies Korean popular culture, the rise of BTS has made an impact on her personally as well as professionally. As a Korean American born and raised in the Chicago area in the 1980s and 1990s, Cho was sometimes asked, "Oh, Korea, is that in China or Japan?"

"Seeing Korean popular culture find mainstream success in North America, in an environment where there really aren't many examples of Asian representation in popular culture, is moving to me in ways that I didn't even expect," she said.

"It's sort of a visceral feeling of, 'Wow, there are all these other possibilities for how to inhabit an Asian body that don't have to conform to stereotypes.'"

Her favourite song is Spring Day, a poignant ballad about growing apart from a friend.

Amelie Rols is an ARMY from France who is studying at McGill University. Her graduate thesis is about K-pop fans outside of Korea.

She discovered the BTS song Sea, a hidden track on the album Love Yourself: Her, while she was on an exchange in Japan and having a hard time coping with loneliness.

"In the song, they talk about that even if you go through hard times, reality just doesn't disappear, things don't magically get better. If there are hardships, then there must be hope as well. I realized that these two elements are really two sides of the same coin," she said.

"It was kind of my lifeline. I don't want to put everything on BTS. It's not like they cured my depression or anything. But they were a very important crutch, I would say."

When BTS promoted their latest album earlier this year, the COVID-19 pandemic began to take hold of the world. The band performed their new single, On, on a series of South Korean music shows without an audience.

These shows had almost all the hallmarks of a BTS live stage — punishing choreography, dramatic production and styling and charisma for days. The one thing missing was the cheers of ARMY, competing decibel for decibel with the music.

With their world tour postponed, including a couple of planned stops in Toronto, BTS is hosting an online concert this month. Details are scarce, but you can bet that ARMY is on it.

This documentary was produced by Jane van Koeverden.How to Cover K-pop Fandom With the Seriousness It Deserves

People want to understand K-pop stans after their contributions to the Black Lives Matter movement. The first rule: They are not a monolith.

On Monday, the Korean boy group Tomorrow X Together (TXT) was interviewed by Good Day New York anchor Rosanna Scotto about their upcoming performance at the KCON:TACT festival. Toward the end of the exchange, Scotto posed a question that seemed to catch them off guard:

“Do you know anything about that whole movement of TikTok users and K-pop fans getting tickets to President Trump’s rally and then not showing up?” she asked.

After the five members of TXT traded wide-eyed, befuddled glances, one of the bandmates, Yeonjun, responded diplomatically in his non-native English: “Yeah, we don’t know anything. We’re just preparing for KCON:TACT, and, yeah, we were practicing.”

Scotto was quickly criticized by fans and concerned onlookers for asking a group of young musicians to answer for a larger political moment in which they were not involved. But her question represents part of a massive issue, one in which mainstream media has by and large overlooked the realities of K-pop and stan Twitter and now appears ill-equipped to address or report on either.

It is a tenuous moment for K-pop stans. Right-wing talking heads now accuse fans of the genre of at once being South and North Korean foreign interference agents and claim their social media accounts are in fact bots. And online leftists often deem them mindless supporters of capitalist entertainment — a charge that could easily extend to fans of other music in other countries.

If the media—seeing stans’ propensity to shut down police apps, sabotage Trump rallies, and spread awareness of issues through Twitter—finally wishes to cover the enigmatic communities it has never taken seriously up until now, it will need to learn a few things immediately rather than continue to speculate on stans’ values based on shallow, brief forays into the subculture.

Outsiders can seem hasty to overlook the ethnocultural backgrounds of K-pop stans online, instead essentially narrowing their identity down to being stans. This neglects the reality that many K-pop stans themselves are Black — meaning Black Lives Matter is a revolution directly based on their struggle for liberation.

“Who cares more about Black lives than Black lives themselves? Who cares more about LGBTQ+ rights than LGBTQ+ people?” asks Daezy, a Nigerian member of the global fan base BTS ARMY who helped coordinate the fandom’s unprecedented #MatchAMillion campaign. The effort raised over $1 million for multiple pro-Black organizations in response to the band’s own $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter.

Though BTS ARMY has long had a propensity for good deeds, as evidenced by the fandom’s charity project One in an ARMY, the quality of diversity among international fans has been true of K-pop for many years and across essentially all fandoms. K-pop fans come in every race, gender, and age. And while it’s clear that discrimination against Black fans has long plagued fandom communities, Black fans themselves should be consulted (and commissioned) to discuss racism they face instead of having it whitewashed by non-Black non-fans briefly observing these marginalized experiences.

A frustrating reality that stans have been forced to live with is the constant grouping of K-pop stans as a singular entity. In reality, the term “K-pop stan” holds several meanings. According to a 2013 article by scholar Crystal S. Anderson, fandoms among groups and artists vary widely. “K-pop fandom can refer to fans who identify as fans of K-pop the amusement. Of 790 respondents who answered a question about why they were K-pop fans between April 29, 2011, and April 15, 2012, as part of an iFans survey, many described themselves as fans of K-pop in general, not of a particular group or artist,” Anderson wrote. “K-pop fandom can also refer to fans who identify as fans of an individual K-pop group or solo artist.”

It can be disheartening, then, for specific fandoms to see their ideas and their work attributed merely to generalized “K-pop stans” when they originate from specific and unique subcultures and communities. (Monbebe, for example, is the official fandom name for the group MONSTA X; the band Loona’s fans are called Orbit.)

Additionally, the political and charitable acts of many stans should not be confused for political endorsements. Another BTS ARMY member, G.M. Cantave, warned against the community becoming overtly politicized and mobilized by outsiders: “This new recognition that we are receiving for something we’ve always done is great, but I also feel like we should be cautious … we have to be aware that this recognition we are getting, especially during election time, can in fact be used by politicians in their machinations and fight for power.”

K-pop stans have always been thoughtful—at times

Much of the supposed vapidness of K-pop fuels onlookers’ shock toward any thoughtful actions on the part of K-pop stans; but, ultimately, K-pop stans are, first and foremost, a complex group of humans. While they may utilize the communities and organization tools of fandoms to enforce direct action, there are still constant points of contention within fandoms. For instance, “fanwars” often encompass targeted harassment toward fans and artists themselves.

However, issues like the Korean idol industry’s numerous faux pas with cultural appropriation and artist exploitation cannot always be pinned on fans. As a matter of fact, the work of fans on sites like YouTube and Twitter is often what has brought these issues to light globally. Fans themselves should be studied and conversed with over their own actions rather than spoken over or forced to speak on behalf of multitudinous communities which they mostly have not been involved in.

Rather than bastardize conversations of politics and race in stan spaces, journalists and curious observers should look to stans for thoughtful input on how their own communities succeed and where they need to improve. But the media can also do well to interview and commission thoughtful, eloquent members of these fandoms to discuss these issues.

Ultimately, fandoms are showcasing the ways often-derided parasocial relationships can not only positively impact artists and fans but the world as a whole. Their methods of online organization should prove educational for those looking to directly affect systems of oppression. But they are not simply cute factions of trendy teens fighting the power in between fawning over their oppars: Stans are writers, scientists, scholars, activists, artists, and more. They are human. Treat them as such.K-Pop has become a dominating music category all over the world, garnering fans of all ages and of all ethnicities.

With such a wide range of music and artists, it can almost seem daunting to someone who is unsure of where to begin but don’t sweat it.

We got you. Here are a few songs and a light K-Pop newbie guide to help you on your journey!

For those that are looking for the epitome of K-Pop, aka hard bass, bright music, flashy music video and the obligatory English words mixed in, check out:

Big Bang is dubbed as one of the most influential K-Pop groups to date because of its widespread influence on the western world.

This K-Pop group consists of four members: Taeyong, G-Dragon, T.O.P, Daesung. Each one of these members has their own hit singles as well. Be sure to check out the “Kings of K-Pop”!

BTS is now known as one of the most popular K-Pop groups in the world for their amazing music and their acts of charity. BTS includes seven different members: RM, V, Suga, Jin, Jungkook, Jimin, J-Hope.

Starting from a company that did not have much presence in the music industry to becoming one of the best-known names in the world, listening to their songs is a must!

One of Korea’s best-known groups all over the world, EXO makes a name for itself with music that captivates the audience.

Made up of nine members: Chanyeol, Baekhyun, Suho, Sehun, Xiumin, Chen, lay, D.O, and Kai, find them on YouTube with more than 500 million views on practically every video they have.

MOMOLAND has six members: Hyebin, Jane, Mayun JooE, Ahin and Nancy.

This group was formed through a reality show named ‘Finding Momoland’. While originally consisting of nine members, three of them left the group in 2019 and 2020.

BLACKPINK: As If It’s Your Last

BLACKPINK has four members: Jennie, Rosie, Jisoo, and Lisa. They’re easily one of Korea’s most beloved girl groups.

Red Velvet can practically be considered one of the most prominent girl groups in Korea due to their unusual dual concepts while also experimenting with different sounds every time.

In Red Velvet, you’ll find five members: Joy, Irene, Wendy, Seulgi, and Yeri. Check them out to get into the summer spirit!

For those who want to hear something a little more mellow within the K-Pop genre, we got you covered.

Bad Boy is a perfect example of a song a little more mellow. One of Red Velvet’s popular songs for incorporating R&B into the pop genre, it is a song you have to check out.

Combining both the mellow and pop together into a song that makes it work so well, “Peek-A-Boo” has been a fan favorite ever since it came out.

“Blood, Sweat, and Tears” falls more on the pop side of things but can be considered much more relaxed than others. “Blood, Sweat and Tears” has over 500 million views on Youtube, closing in on almost 600 million.

Gorgeous vocals, unique sound, and another dance that has yet to disappoint be sure to listen to “Blood, Sweat, and Tear”s to hear the range BTS has.

Seventeen is a K-Pop group consisting of 13 members that are broken into three subunits. The vocals include Woozi, Jeonghan, Joshua, DK, Seungkwan.

The hip hop is made of: S.coups, Wonwoo, Mingyu, Vernon, and the performance group is made of Hoshi, Jun, The8, Dino. SVT has become a fan favorite in Korea for their catchy songs, be sure to listen to one of their most known songs.

Day6 debuted in 2015 and has been making hits ever since then. Made up of five members: Jae, Sungjin, Young K, Wonpil, and Dowoon.

They are best known for being a Korean rock group. Instead of dancing in their music videos, watch them play each of their songs on their own instruments.

For the ones who are looking for that cute factor, K-Pop has, be sure to look over here.

One of Korea’s favorite girl groups since their debut in 2015, they are best known for their cute concepts and even cuter members.

Be sure to listen to their debut single, the very one that put them high up on the charts.

IOI: Very, Very, Very

A Korean girl group formed through a reality TV show called Produce 101. This group was made up of 11 members from a pool of 101 members.

Although the group has now been disbanded since the end of their show airing, you can still find these girls in their own individual groups.

A six-member group that has won countless awards even though they came from a music label that was not well known. Me Gustas Tu is one of the best songs to listen to if you want to hear a bit of that sweet, cute concept and have it be catchy as well!

A relatively new group in Korea, this group was formed through the third season of ‘produce 101’. Debuting in 2018, their debut single is a song you just can’t help but put on repeat.

Debuting in 2015, CLC has not yet found the traction it needs to become popular in Korea but each year they continue to put out songs that seem to get stuck in people’s heads. Be sure to check out their cute single, Pepe!

Looking for a good song to play when you’re in your bag? K-Pop got you for that too.

Pining for that rare love, BTS uses seasonal metaphors to emphasize their message that things will pass and it will always get better- a perfect message to their fans who may just be going through something.

IU is one of Korea’s most infamous singers for her strong vocals, soft voice and down to earth attitude. Through the Night is a love letter to someone that is not near her.

For those who understand the importance of ‘less is more’, IU is a perfect example of this in the music industry.

Lonely is an ode to the feeling of always being alone, even while with others. Jonghyun, unfortunately, passed away on December 28, 2017, after a long battle with depression and suicide. Rest in peace Jonghyun, we hope you’re feeling better where you are.

A single released shortly after Jonghyun’s death, this song is a message to Seoul and all of Jonghyun’s fans that were grieving over his death. It is a song that talks about empathizing with a stranger and all their burdens and reminding them to “breathe”.

AKMU is a brother-sister duo that is best known for their unique voices and songs that speak to the heart. Last Goodbye is no different, a love song that is about ignoring a problem in a relationship in hopes they will be able to go back to the way they once were.

K-Pop extends its branches into the r&b side of things as well.

DEAN is one of Korea’s best-known r&b artists. Instagram is a song about well, Instagram! DEAN talks about comparing himself to others through Instagram as well as how many of the bright and happy posts are just disguising how sad someone truly is.

Heize is best known in Korea for her unique voice and style of songs. This song talks about blindly believing in a relationship where the other still has feelings for the singer.

Angel 2 Me is a love song to their beloved, a song that tries to convey all the emotions they have for their lover and their affection.

A song with a message of struggling to relax in a world where it’s always pushing them to go, go, go. Crush once again crushes it again with another song that captures the hearts of listeners.

Hello Tutorial is about becoming too nervous to say hi to someone, no matter how much you practice. A song that emphasizes the stress about trying to get close to someone or even make the first step, Zico perfectly captures the emotions in one song.

Of course, these are just a few of the songs that dominate the K-Pop genre. For anyone that wants to get into K-Pop, make sure you listen to these K-Pop classics that every K-Pop Veteran knows!

Zico: I am You You are Me

Of course, there are TONS more to check out. We hope this helps you get started with appreciating music from other countries!A hit in hallyu and Hollywood alike, chart-topping solo artist, CEO and founder of entertainment agency Rain Company and, most lately, Covid-19-era TikTok dance sensation, Rain has seen it all – as he turns 38 on June 25, STYLE celebrates a true multi-hyphenate talentThey say second time’s a charm, but for TWICE, the all-girl K-pop group making waves across oceans, it’s more like the ninth. While each of the group’s nine members—Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu—stand on their own, it’s the power of their collective performance that have put them on the map. Like many players in the K-pop game, the group’s success, which skyrocketed with their 2016 chart-topping single “Cheer Up,” was by design. They were formed by JYP Entertainment on the 2015 reality TV show Sixteen, in which trainees compete to form the ideal girl group—the company’s first since launching Miss A in 2010. The effort clearly paid off. Each of the group’s songs tracks an average of 200-480 million YouTube views to date, and they haven’t even released their first full-length album yet. We spoke to the members of TWICE about that album—MORE & MORE, out this month—as well as skincare, Spirited Away, and smelling like coconut.

INTERVIEW: Tell us about your new album MORE & MORE. Where did the inspiration behind the album come from?

JEONGYEON: We wanted to choose a track that is different than what we have done before. We discussed the song options with our company, and decided that the right title song to choose was “MORE & MORE.”

INTERVIEW: What’s your favorite TWICE song, or song in general?

NAYEON: My favorite song of ours is “Dance The Night Away.” Summer is coming up, and this song reminds me of making fun summer memories.

JEONGYEON: I really can’t pick a favorite. I like all the songs on this album, and from all our previous albums.

MOMO: My favorite is our song “TT.” It’s fun to sing along with fans.

CHAEYOUNG: I personally like our song “FANCY” because it was a different concept compared to the songs off the previous albums. I like the melody.

DAHYUN: I love all the TWICE songs, but want to mention a different song for this answer. I really like “WANNABE” from ITZY, because being a ‘wannabe’ means acting different than who you really are. The lyrics state, “I wanna be me. No matter if you love me or hate me. I wanna be me, one and only me.” It’s inspiring.

TZUYU: I have recently been very into Aretha Franklin’s “I Say A Little Prayer.” My favorite songs change constantly, but these days I have this song on repeat. I love to hear the cover versions on YouTube as well. I also can’t pick my favorite TWICE song. They’re all so good!

INTEVIEW: When did you realize you liked music? How old were you?

NAYEON: I think it was sometime during middle school. I really liked to sing and dance, and that’s why I decided to start as a trainee.

MOMO: I can’t remember the exact age, but I do remember being very young when I started to dance and listen to music.

JEONGYEON: I cannot remember the exact age. Maybe 10-11 years old? Very similar to Momo. I saw Rain dance on TV and decided that I wanted to sing and dance like him. Also, going to aerobics classed when I was young made me realize that I was interested in dancing.

JIHYO: I was a trainee for a long time. I am not exactly sure when I realized I wanted to be in entertainment, but I have always been really into singing, dancing, and performing.

TZUYU: I’ve wanted to do this for as long as I can remember. The first K-pop song I heard and followed during elementary school was “Nobody” by Wonder Girls.

INTERVIEW: What has been your favorite performance?

MOMO: Personally, I loved our performance for the 2018 MAMA’s. I loved our outfits and choreography. I have fond memories of our concert performances. I like to watch our fans’ reactions when we perform.

SANA: I can’t really pick one! But I will say that my favorite performances are the ones when ONCE is singing along and performing with us.

INTERVIEW: What advice would you give to a young person who wants to become a singer?

JIHYO: I am very aware that chasing your dreams can be hard, but even though it may be tough, please don’t lose sight of what you want and continue to do your best at that.

MINA: You don’t know when the opportunity will come to you, but it is important to prepare yourself and go for it.

INTERVIEW: What did you do for fun when you were a kid?

DAHYUN: I used play Gonggi Nori, which is played with 5 small stones. It is so fun to play! I also loved to play around with my friends on the playground—riding swings and playing on playgrounds.

NAYEON: My favorite movies are The Notebook, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Wolf Children.

TZUYU: My favorite movie is Spirited Away. I’ve watched it so many times.

INTERVIEW: What do you like to do when you’re not working?

SANA: I love to shop! I also love to stretch—it’s very relaxing.

JIHYO: Having my own free time! I like playing games, shopping, watching TV, etc. Really anything that I can do myself.

MINA: Don’t rub your face! Use different creams and lotions to keep your face soft.

DAHYUN: Drink lots of water and get enough sleep. Try not to stress. Positive thoughts only!

INTERVIEW: What is your typical day like?

CHAEYOUNG: Life is different right now due to the virus. Before, we were all very busy with a schedule, but right now, I get to have some free time. I enjoy reading books and watching YouTube videos.

TZUYU: When I have a day off, I like to rehearse by myself, eat my favorite foods, and workout.

INTERVIEW: What is your favorite scent?

SANA: My favorite scent is candy-like, with a flower scent added.

JEONGYOEN: I like sweet scents like coconut and vanilla.

INTERVIEW: Who is your role model?

JEONGYEON: Rain. His power and charisma onstage is impressive, and I hope to have that one day.

TZUYU: J.Y. Park is my role model. His diligent attitude toward making music is admirable.Breaking out of the East Asian market in the mid-2000s, K-Pop has surged in popularity to become one of the world’s fastest growing music genres. It is also the spear tip of South Korea’s thriving cultural export industry, boasting a net worth of approximately $5 billion and projected to generate tens of billions of dollars for South Korea’s economy in the coming years.

But what exactly is K-pop, and how did this upstart genre outgrow its humble roots to become a global cultural phenomenon with a loyal western following?

The rise of K-pop is relatively easy to date. “Pop music” is an umbrella term for countless commercial genres since the mid-twentieth-century, but K-pop refers to a specific aesthetic and performance style that grew out of Korean adaptations of American popular music in the early 1990’s. The birth of K-pop is commonly traced to the group Seo Taiji and Boys, whose unique blend of hip-hop, rock, and tight dance choreography took the South Korean music scene by storm. Several major music studios, beginning with SM Entertainment in 1995, were founded to capitalize on this growing untapped market. The earlier grunge elements of K-pop were replaced with a focus on mass-marketable idols, the first of which became the wildly successful boy band H.O.T.

As K-pop crystallized into a well-established musical genre over the next decade, it came to be defined by several industry traits that help explain its competitiveness as a cultural export: an impressively high standard for choreography and vocals, an accessible and widely appealing aesthetic, an effective network of Seoul-based producers capable of putting out a quality product at a fast pace, and generous government support.

At the core of what gives K-pop its characteristic polish is the “trainee system”: a process developed by SM Entertainment founder Lee Soo-Man for scouting, refining, and promoting idols. After being selected by a rigorous audition process involving hundreds of candidates, the prospective idol is run through an extensive training period. This period, which can last from months to years, involves schooling in vocals, rapping, and dancing, as well as English language classes. Idol trainees are expected to endure a grueling rehearsal schedule and must prove that they can maintain a company-approved public image. Those who make it through to the end are finally offered a contract, which can take the form of becoming part of a group or—for a select few—being supported in a solo venture.

The trainee system has ensured that the K-pop industry keeps on churning out a steady supply highly talented performers, but it’s not cheap; training an idol can cost just shy of $30,000 per month according to industry insiders, while the process of making assembling and signing a K-pop group from beginning to end costs millions of dollars. Government support has been a crucial means of offsetting these costs, with the Culture Ministry establishing an entire department to oversee K-pop-related matters. Aside from fostering a growth-friendly regulatory climate, the Culture Ministry has injected the K-pop industry with hundreds of millions of dollars in grants meant to foster Korea’s tourism and cultural export sectors.

There is no single factor to account for the breakout success of K-pop, which stems from a constellation of propitious circumstances and sound strategies pursued on the level of management. In just over three decades, K-pop has gone from a fringe phenomenon to a lucrative and globally renowned network of state-sponsored producers and performers—an unmitigated success on South Korea’s longstanding path to become a leading soft power exporter.

Mark Episkopos is a frequent contributor to The National Interest and serves as research assistant at the Center for the National Interest. Mark is also a PhD student in History at American University.There’s fair criticism to be levied at the K-pop megamachine, what with its strict rules for its stars potentially leading to some disturbing trends. But you have to give it to the genre’s Stans: They’re out here fighting the good fight. K-pop fans have been overwhelming social media to take down hashtags the run counter to the message of the current worldwide protests, and now they’re openly battling racist 4chan trolls.

Over the last two weeks, K-pop Stans have been co-opting hashtags that run counter to the Black Lives Matter movement, like #WhiteLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter, and disrupting city police forces’ attempts to weasel out information on protestors. Following the (admittedly poorly executed) #BlackOutTuesday call to action last week, users on 4chan rallied their troops to get #WhiteOutWednesday trending the following day. Of course, K-pop fans weren’t about to let trolls’ racist message drown out the call for racial justice and equality, so they took over the hashtag with images of, well, Wite-Out brand correction fluid.



The same day, they also flooded the #Qaṇöṇ hashtag with FanCams (footage of K-pop performances focused on an individual group member). Qanon and 4chan users have attempted to fight back, with calls to “make them rekt” (4chan speak for “utterly destroyed”) by using the same tactics to fill popular K-pop hashtags with “hardcore porn and gore.”

When that plan didn’t work, another 4chan scheme was hatched over the weekend. This time, they sought to use K-pop Stans’ own imagery against them. They’ve been creating FanCams with “right wing caption[s],” including “#WhiteLivesMatterMore”, “Black people have an IQ 15 points lower than whites,” and “Black people are destroying their own communities. That’s why they are poor, not because of whites.” You know, the sort of dangerous and racist rhetoric you’d expect from one of the darkest corners of the Internet.

Something tells me the 4chaners are underestimating the power of the K-pop community’s online presence, and the genre’s fans aren’t going to let this fly. For proof of how quickly they can mobilize en masse, just hours after BTS announced a $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter, the BTS Army was able to match that amount in a split donations campaign with the hashtag #MatchAMillion.

K-pop fans are officially the “We have a Hulk” in the online battle for racial justice.PETALING JAYA, June 4 — South Korean dancer Babi has had enough with Malaysians who turned her into a target of mockery because of her stage name.

Spelt the same as the Malay word meaning “pig,” Malaysians began flooding the comments section on her Instagram with jokes calling her “the prettiest pig in the world.”

Some even went as far as asking her to change her stage name because “it’s like a curse word (in Malaysia).”

Babi, whose real first name is So-young, then posted an angry statement and declared that she no longer had any interest in Malaysia or its language because of the rudeness shown by commenters.

“Why are you doing this to me? Just because my name is your laughing stock? Are you having fun with this?

“I am not interested in your language, so it doesn’t matter what my name means in your language.

“And I didn’t know your country, but I don’t want to know it anymore,” she wrote.

Babi also warned that those who continued to ridicule her will be reported and blocked from her account.

Many Malaysian K-pop fans expressed embarrassment over their fellow countrymen harassing a public figure just because her name resembled a curse word in their language.

“These ignorant people have no idea that the word ‘babi’ doesn’t only exist in the Malay language,” wrote one user on Twitter.

Another Twitter user slammed Malaysians for smearing their country’s image by imposing the meaning of their language onto a foreigner’s name.SEOUL -- When South Korean boy band Super Junior held a concert on Naver's V Live streaming service May 31, they performed to an empty hall. Instead, the stage backdrop changed to show video feeds from cheering fans around the world.

A ticket cost 33,000 won ($27) -- not cheap for a two-hour online event. Yet the concert drew 123,000 viewers from 100 countries.

The concert highlights Naver's pivot toward entertainment as the South Korean tech company seeks inroads into the U.S. and Europe, markets it struggled to crack with its flagship Line chat app.

This fall, Line will merge with SoftBank Group company Z Holdings, parent of Yahoo Japan, in a deal that will leave Naver searching for a new growth driver. With long-term prospects looking limited at home, Naver is counting on its content business to develop a larger audience overseas.

The V Live app, which has been downloaded 85 million times amid the Korean Wave of pop culture, connects K-pop fans worldwide with their favorite stars.

The service had offered concert broadcasts on demand, but as the coronavirus pandemic forced the cancellation of in-person concerts, V Live looked to online events, as seen in the Super Junior concert.

Until recently, Naver's overseas expansion revolved around Line, which generated nearly 40% of the company's revenue in 2019. Though the app took off in Japan, Taiwan, Thailand and a few other markets, intense competition kept Line from gaining traction in the U.S. and Europe. The segment has been bleeding red ink, owing largely to heavy investment in mobile payments.

The South Korean company's post-Line strategy abroad rests on content distribution, for which it is already building a base in the U.S. and Europe and sees plenty of room to grow.

Naver Webtoon, an online comics publishing portal, is particularly promising. The site had 62 million monthly active users as of the end of March, with more than 10 million in North America alone, according to Naver.

Webtoon, whose vertically scrolling comics are ideal for a mobile-first audience, features works by creators from not only South Korea and Japan, but also the U.S. and Southeast Asia. Artists earn revenue based on the number of views, with annual income for the most successful running into the six figures in dollar terms.

Naver is reorganizing its comics distribution to accelerate the company's worldwide expansion. The American arm is slated to become the global headquarters this year, giving direction to local operations in South Korea, Japan and China. Intellectual property management will be overseen from the U.S., with an eye toward bringing successful series to television or movie screens.

Though content remains a small part of Naver's operations, generating just 3% of total sales last year, the segment's revenue jumped 67%. South Korea's steadily growing content exports, which totaled $9.6 billion in 2018, provide a tailwind as music and comics alone swelled 60% to 70% over the preceding four years.

"The coming of the age of non-face-to-face interaction with the coronavirus crisis is an opportunity for Naver to raise its profile," said Sung Jong-hwa, an analyst at eBest Investment & Securities.

Working with SoftBank will be key to expanding the content distribution business.

"We can generate synergies between Naver and SoftBank Group going forward," Naver President Han Seong-sook said.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.If you happen to be among the countless people who’ve dismissed K-Pop as vapid, saccharine and content-free—a kind of Korean dance-music answer to Japan’s Hello Kitty—you may want to reconsider.

Over the past few weeks, K-Pop fans have been leading the music world’s most effective campaign on behalf of the Black Lives Matter movement. While anonymous hackers have their “we are legion” boast, K-Pop fans actually have the numbers to prove it. With tens of thousands of Twitter accounts at their fingertips, they sent out no less than six billion tweets last year. As Esquire magazine has pointed out, that’s approximately “three percent of all tweets sent by everyone in the world.”

But with great power comes great responsibility. And much to the chagrin of BLM deniers, K-Pop fans have been responsible for quite a lot lately. Here are a few highlights:

Highjack the Far Right
• K-Pop fans have hijacked far-right hashtags like #WhiteLivesMatter, #WhiteOutWednesday and #MAGA with an endless stream of K-Pop videos, effectively rendering them useless for the reactionaries who rely upon them.
• K-Pop fans shut down the Dallas Police Department’s iWatchDallas app, which was designed for citizens to use as a “portal for videos of civil unrest.” When Grand Rapids’ police department released its own Big Brother app, K-Pop fan @ngelwy sounded the alarm: “You know the drill! SEND IN ALL OF YOUR FANCAMS!!! CRASH THE WEBSITE!!! MAKE THEM TAKE IT DOWN!!! PROTECT THE PROTESTORS!!!”

It gets better. A couple of weeks ago, after K-Pop idols BTS donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter, their fans organized a fundraising campaign that, using the hashtags #MatchAMillion and #MatchTheMillion, raised an additional million in less than a day.

“Just like BTS,” they tweeted, “we were able to donate 1M dollars to help fund: bailouts for those arrested for protesting police brutality, black-led advocacy orgs fighting against systemic injustice, support for the physical and mental health of the black community.”

So is it possible there’s more to K-Pop than its confectionary blend of choreographed EDM, hip-hop and bubblegum-pop? Granted, no one is going to mistake BTS and BLACKPINK for Bob Dylan and Public Enemy. But step beyond the linguistic and cultural boundaries, and you might be surprised at what you’ll find.

Consider, for instance, BTS bandleader RM’s collaboration with Nigerian American rapper Wale on 2017’s “Change,” a hit single with lyrics about conspicuous consumption, cyber-bullying and racial profiling.

“In America, they’ve got their situations and we’ve got ours in Seoul,” RM told Teen Vogue magazine at the time. “The problems are everywhere, and the song is like a prayer for change. He [Wale] talks about the police, and problems he’s faced since he was a child. For me, I talked about Korea, my problems, and about those on Twitter who kill people by keyboards.”

RM’s bandmate Suga—whose “Agust D solo” project debuted at No. 9 on the Billboard magazine Rap Album chart earlier this month—echoed RM’s comments in a BTS press conference later that same year. “It isn’t a BTS album,” he said, “if there isn’t a track criticizing society.”

That was three years ago, which in the world of teen-pop is the better part of a lifetime. So at this point, there’s no telling what trends today’s K-Pop fans may be following three years from now.

And in a larger sense, that doesn’t really matter, because these online activists aren’t going away anytime soon. They’ve already proven that they’re more clever and resourceful than their counterparts on the right. They’ve shown up the hypocrisy of a culture that’s more interested in virtue signaling than meaningful change. And, like it or not, they are legion.The internet has become a powerful tool for activists around the world over the last few days, as Black Lives Matter protests across the United States have been beset upon by violent and aggressive police officers.

Videos of cops committing a range of violent acts — including shooting a journalist in the eye, tear-gassing a medical tent, and driving a car through protestors — have been posted online in an attempt to hold the police force to account.

Elsewhere, the #BlackLivesMatter hashtag on Instagram and Twitter has been used by Black activists to share charities that can be donated to, recipes for a balm to apply to eyes that have been hit with pepper spray, and meet-up spots designated for protest co-ordination.

It should be noted at this stage that the majority of these actions have been undertaken by Black activists whose role is sometimes downplayed by international media.

More recently, another group that has become involved in these digital activist movements is K-pop stans.

Fans of bands like BLACKPINK and BTS first became involved en masse in the current Black Lives Matter protests when they submitted fancams to police “snitch” websites designed to share tips with law enforcement, making these websites significantly less effective, and even temporarily shutting them down.

Now, they have applied that same energy to flooding hashtags on Twitter that are being used to share pro-police, pro-Trump information.

The call-out for the co-ordinated action came from a number of sources, but most notably from @stayy_zz and @1tG!rl, two Twitter users who shared the plan with their followers.

Within moments, the stans got to action.

Now, when you search hashtags like #BlueLivesMatter, which were once used to show support for the violent and racist American police force, you will find hundreds of fancams instead. And the number is only growing.

Think of it as digital signal scrambling. And post a K-pop fancam of your own, why don’t you?If any music genre was going to thrive in the era of quarantined livestreams, it was K-pop.

While events like KCON and massive concert tours like BTS and SuperM have become fixtures in SoCal’s music calendar, K-pop’s life here began online and flourished in digital spaces. Fans were well-equipped to follow faraway artists and find forums to keep their community going without in-person interaction.

But like all festivals that are down for the count this year, the loss of KCON — far and away the marquee fan event of the year in L.A. — is a blow to the local K-pop scene, which counts the days until its favorite acts come to town and fans can revel in their devotion in person.

Enter KCON:TACT, a digital incarnation of the festival happening this weekend. True to the genre’s ultra-online culture, it doesn’t just replace the arena shows and fan panels, but also opens up other avenues for fans to stay invested, like one-on-one video conferences with acts and fan performances broadcast alongside those of idol groups.

Kim Hyun Soo, the head of CJ ENM global festivals (the parent organization behind KCON), spoke with The Times about how K-pop has been transformed by the pandemic, the lessons it can teach the rest of the music industry about digital shifts, and how the famously restive fandom is meeting the moment of protests against police brutality and for racial justice in America. (The responses below have been translated from Korean.)

How has COVID-19 affected K-pop culture, especially the way fans gather and sustain their communities?

As the coronavirus broke out, in the beginning, it created a lot of confusion and they were kind of frustrated. But K-pop fandom, among all genres, has more bonding among fans than most. Because of that, and because they are very digital-savvy, they found ways to connect to talk. They needed each other more, and that strengthened the bonds.

Overall, I think fans are frustrated about the lack of content and cultural experiences at the moment, but they’re also struggling because it’s hard to anticipate what’s next. The future is unforeseeable. But K-pop started online and it broke out online. They’re handling this better than we think.

K-pop is perhaps the most digitally savvy and ‘extremely online’ music culture today. Do you think that the scene was better prepared than most to make a shift to being completely. digital during COVID-19 quarantine?

Yes, I believe K-pop as an industry and fandom was ready and better prepared than other genres. K-pop has its own unique culture. While fans come to broadcast stations and go to meet and greets, we hear about how fast South Korea responded to the coronavirus, and it had a lot to do with how safety measures were put in place and South Koreans adapted to the situation. The beginning of K-pop took place online and expanded offline. The K-pop industry is inherently about digital transformation. It was much easier for fans and the industry to transition to virtual events and online concerts.

KCON in particular is built on fandoms physically coming together and interacting with artists. What were some of the challenges of re-creating that experience wholly online?

Trying anything for the first time comes with challenges. The hardest part has been incorporating all the new interactive elements, as fans really enjoyed that. We have to understand what elements they value the most and piece the new tech together, to create ways to interact and connect with artists, that’s been the hardest part.

There’s risk, but there’s opportunity. A lot of people say we’re doing KCON:TACT in place of KCON and see it as a substitute. But we believe it’s a new wave, a new genre of live events. It’s not a replacement. It’s an addition. We had been exploring ideas of expanding digital live events since two or three years ago. There were geographic limitations, time limitations, we were not able to reach all fans who wanted to see KCON. This became an excellent opportunity to expedite everything and turn it into a reality.

Do you think that the way KCON and the K-pop industry have handled the shift to online events has lessons or examples for the broader music and events industry?

I think music and the live event industry will face more rapid digital transformation. Fans are thirsty for more quality content, and show organizers and creators feel obligated and urged to create it for them. All of this is driving us to create that newer wave of events. It’s not going to just be traditional virtual events. Even with live concerts, a livestream can be a supplemental way of enjoying it live. There will be lot of collaboration between off- and online events.

K-pop fans recently joined forces in several actions meant to support Black Lives Matter and justice movements in America. What does that say about the ways fandom is changing to meet the urgency of the current moment?

I have followed the news, and I personally believe justice and equality has to be there for the future. I feel proud for the fans in the K-pop community contributing to this. I support them and stand with them.The craze of K-Pop among youngsters can only be seen to be believed! Those who have attended the previous years’ contest would know about the huge fan following it commands. But, though last year 75 countries participated in the world K-Pop contest, this year it will be different since the Covid-19 pandemic has impacted this genre of Korean pop music and dance, as well.

Among the few counties that are enrolling for the festival this year, India is one. And the fans here are kicked to be part of the gala yet again. To them, what has come as a surprise is the fact that only solo entries will be allowed this year.

“The enthusiasm and vibrant energy of K-Pop fans in India drove us to pursue the contest even in this time of pandemic... The festival has changed its rules and ways due to the coronavirus scare,” says Kim Kum-Pyoung, director, Korean Cultural Centre India, informing, “Participants cannot participate as a group but only perform solo to avoid any kind of gatherings and chances of infection. And it is for the very first time that we will be hosting the regional round on an online platform. We have made this decision owing to the current, exceptional and extreme situation that people are facing. We believe that well-being of the community is much more important to flourish and explore one’s potential.”

The news has excited some fans and aspiring finalists. Jasmine Kaur, a school student from Delhi’s Ramesh Nagar, and a diehard fan of K-Pop boy band BTS, says, “I love K-pop! The best part about their songs is the lyrics. I have recently recorded a song for the competition, and the good thing was I didn’t feel any (stage) fear. Otherwise I used to feel so under confident while performing on the stage; but when I recorded my participating video while in the comfort of my living room, I was like wow, this is so easy! So, I recorded Whistle, a song by girl group Blackpink. Wish me luck so that I get through to the finale!”

Another Delhi-based participant, Aranya, 17, who lives in Kalkaji, emphasises on the importance of getting a first hand experience of stage performances. She says, “For an artist, stage appearance counts and it’s one of my strongest points. I will be missing that since recording at home is no fun; it’s like practising since the vibes are very casual.”

There are some youngsters who are not happy about this new decision, which is lowering their chances of a win. Pooja Mishra, a fan of the popular boy band EXO, is a participant from Mumbai this year, who was supposed to perform in a group initially. She shares, “I felt this is a missed opportunity for me... We were presenting our best in the group, but now with the rule of only solo performances, our chances of presenting something extraordinary have reduced drastically. I will still try to perform in the best possible way.”

The ‘single entry only’ rule has acted as a boon for a few others like Harshita Goyal, a college student from Noida. A fan of K-Pop girl group, Twice, Goyal adds, “I’m one of the biggest fans of K-Pop, and have been trying their dance style for a while now. I thought I can’t participate because I’m not associated with any group or fan club, and performing solo while others are in group also reduces your chances. But this time, there are only solo entries and I’m super excited! I’m preparing my dance performances on bhangra beats and will submit my entry soon. I just hope ki regional round mein toh select ho jaun.”

Follow more stories on Facebook and TwitterWHEN the sudden death of singer Yohan from boyband TST came to light this week, the group’s agency KJ Music Entertainment put out a statement pleading with the media to refrain from speculation over the cause of his death at his family’s request, which has yet to be revealed.

As the local media at large reported on the sad news as a standalone incident, the news soon reached the other side of the world.

The Daily Mail covered the story with a list titled “A year of tragedy and scandal for South Korea‘s K-pop industry” that dated back to last March, from the Burning Sun sex and drug scandal involving former Big Bang member Seungri, Kang Daniel taking a break for his mental health’s sake to the death of actor Cha In-ha in December.

The Guardian also ran a story with the headline “K-pop singer Yohan dies aged 28, ” dedicating half of its near 200-word story to highlighting a list of celebrity suicides in South Korea – from Kim Jong-hyun to Goo Hara and Sulli. The article was at one point the second most popular piece on the newspaper’s website.

However, when the news of the death of Caroline Flack – a British TV presenter famed for her appearance on reality show Love Island – broke, the initial reporting of the Guardian’s sister newspaper the Observer steered clear of drawing comparisons to two Love Island contestants – Mike Thalassitis and Sophie Gradon – who had both died by suicide in recent years.

While this week’s reporting might be a mere coincidence, critics say international media often lump things together when covering the multi-billion dollar K-pop industry.

“When we are talking about the media coverage of K-pop in North America, one of the challenges I see often is that news stories or features are always trying to make a blanket statement and encapsulates [it] as ‘this is K-pop, ” says Dr Michelle Cho, a media scholar at the University of Toronto.

She says that much of the reductive media representation of K-pop comes from the idea that "this novelty, outside phenomenon needs to be encapsulated by this one 500-word or 1,200-word story."

“That’s not going to work, ” she adds.

Joy Park, a K-pop journalist, who has interviewed K-pop stars including J-Hope of BTS and Chung Ha for her book Our stage will continue, says the international media coverage of South Korea’s pop music scene tends to be one-sided, focusing on the negative.

“From a certain perspective, you can say that some elements of the training system are a cultural product of child exploitation.

“But when a South Korean idol takes their own life, the international media creates a narrative that makes suicide appear to be simply the result of the idol system, without considering the context in which these things happen in South Korean society, perpetuating the negative perception.”

Another common media trope about K-pop goes that idols within the industry lack originality and autonomy, as one viral YouTube video The late capitalism of K-Pop claims, “Because of the nature of the business, the individual idols have virtually no autonomy in the production process.”

Though some idols do feel boxed in by the idol training system, Park says that there is a tendency in the international media to strip idols of their autonomy in their decision to work hard to realise their dream of becoming an idol – a view she says has gained traction in the wake of K-pop’s success.

“I do believe that the rise of singers from the East who are idols with a big following in the West might have been a hard pill to swallow, ” she says.

The factory-made trope goes back as far back as 2009 when the New Yorker published a story called “Factory Girls.”

In it, music critic John Seabrook writes, “On one occasion, in a hotel lobby, I strode up to what I thought was a cutout of a K-pop idol, only to find that it was a real woman, who frowned and moved away.”

In Professor Cho’s view, the name of that article conveys what the writer thinks of the industry – factory-made, unoriginal and inauthentic, which she says are often, maybe even unconsciously, influenced by racist tropes.

“I’m sure Seabrook didn’t think of that, but it was embedded in his attitude, his approach, ” Cho says.

A couple of months ago, Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of cultural studies at George Mason University, got an e-mail from one editor of a US magazine who asked him about K-pop choreography. The editor thought that the choreography of the K-pop idols may have originated from North Korea’s mass games. “In South Korea, I strongly believe that nobody actually thinks that. We’ve seen this kind of dance moves from American teen-pop idols before, ” Lee says. “When people find something very strange, they try to find the very origin from other ‘strange’ or ‘exotic’ cultures such as North Korea, which is very interesting, ” he adds with a hint of sarcasm. Lee acknowledges the dark side of the K-pop industry – the unequal relationship between the agency and the idol, the tough competitiveness among the K-pop idols and trainees before making their debut, to name a few. But he also believes the international media tends to often focus on one aspect, attributing the origin of K-pop to government efforts, like the BBC’s piece BTS and EXO: The soft power roots of K-pop, which argues that the wave of South Korean pop culture around the world was a “deliberate government plan.” “The reason why they focus more on the dark side, rather than other aspects of K-pop or trying to find reasons for its success from the government support or penetration, rather than from the industry itself or the competence of a musician or producer, is perhaps because of ethnic and racial stereotype about a certain culture that they do not fully understand, ” he notes. When it comes to covering stories about suicides and sex crimes, the dark side of Korean popular music is nothing more than the dark side of contemporary Korean society, says CedarBough Saeji, visiting assistant professor of Korean Culture at Indiana University in the US. “Korea is a country where Soranet (illegal pornography website) was able to continue operating for almost a decade, the objectification of women for the enjoyment of others, problems with consent, and slap-on-the-wrist punishments for men who abuse women. These are problems with Korean society, with law enforcement and the judicial system in the country.” She explains what happened to late singer Goo Ha-ra, who was a victim of revenge porn, also happens to ordinary women. “She had the law enforcement that was basically dismissing her issues, a judge that at least in large parts understood why her ex would violate her by recording these sorts of videos, a slap-on-the-wrist punishment for her ex and online doxxing. But all of those are problems with Korea, not just for her but ordinary women too, ” she says. When ordinary Korean women are humiliated and embarrassed in these same ways and also take their lives in these same ways, we hardly hear about it but it’s still happening. So why are we talking about it as K-pop?” But comparing what gets written about K-pop now versus ten years ago, Professor Cho says there has been a positive change in K-pop media coverage. “I think it’s because there’s more awareness on the part of the general public, it’s less of a completely foreign, decontextualized novelty for the general public so writers can talk about things other than trying to give a summary, ” “Pieces that reduce K-pop too much to one reductive idea are often, even unconsciously, influenced by racist tropes like the ‘factory girls’ because Asians are ‘robotic.’ But I think American audiences are becoming more attuned to that and they’ll point it out when they see it, ” she says. — Korea Herald/Asia News NetworkSocial media is filled with headlines praising K-pop fans and idols for allegedly supporting the Black Lives Matter Movement through a black box or a donation.

News of BTS and their fans donating millions of dollars to Black Lives Matter, and a multitude of fandoms flooding the racist hashtag with K-pop fancams, have taken over the media.

But it seems like the black boxes, fancams and praises are forgetting one thing: the origins of K-Pop are rooted in cultural appropriation and ignorance toward black — and your idols probably partook in it.

In simpler terms, K-Pop is a reflection of Korea’s long-standing issues with racism.

“The country doesn’t even have a legal definition of racial discrimination,” said Lee Wan, an activist with the Solidarity for Asian Human Rights and Culture.

According to a survey done by the Women Migrants Human Rights Centre of Korea, nine in 10 Koreans accept that “general racism exists in South Korea”.

The prevalent racism already sets a hostile tone for the black community, and the K-Pop industry is a prime example of it.

When K-pop idols take part in Black culture, it’s seen as a trend while the black community is shunned.

For example, when K-idols wear dreads/box-braids, Korea seems to fawn over the hairstyle and call it “fashionable,” while shaming Black people’s natural hair and labelling it as “dirty.” When K-idols rap to black artists’ music, it’s seen as cool, whereas black people are seen as “thugs.”

So, for a racially homogeneous country that’s statistically been proven to be racist towards the black community, they love when Korean idols make Black culture seem like a fashion statement while disregarding historical density.

In other words, they love black culture, but not black people. They do not appreciate, they appropriate.

Idols such as Mamamoo were in hot water after a video of them doing Blackface at a concert in Seoul surfaced online. Big Bang member G-Dragon, the highest paid idol, posted photos of him in Blackface.

NCT members Chenle, Taeyong and WinWin wore dreadlocks during the “Limitless” promotions. BTS member Namjoon and Mamamoo member Hwasa were also guilty of impersonating black people and saying the n-word for a rap cover.

Not to mention Exo members’ colorist statements, where they insult their fellow members’ darker skin complexion as a “joke.”

These instances of K-idols wearing a hairstyle as a trend, using racial slurs or being insensitive are oftentimes ignored and their actions are usually defended.

Korean fans seem to have no problem when idols take part in black face and cultural appropriation. They excuse idols for saying the n-word and culturally insensitive statements while the music industry they’re in takes heavy influence from Black culture.

“With a large number of U.S. troops stationed in South Korea during the war, jazz superstars including Nat King Cole and Louis Armstrong held performances… Their music created a ‘major buzz among the Korean people,’” according to the Korean Culture and Information Service.

CNN said that according to Chikk, a songwriter who works in the K-Pop industry, what hurts more than seeing K-pop artists being accused of cultural appropriation is the lack of credit that’s being given to songwriters.

“So Korea technically, since the rebuild, was built on complex melodies and during that crucial time of coming together as a country, it was built on black music,” Chikk told CNN. “I remember once hearing years ago that you will never see any artists of color on the Korean charts. That’s what an executive in Korea told me…But when I looked around, everyone was of a different race writing the song. I think that is what hurts and what we’re fighting for. Inclusivity in the acknowledgment of who’s really helping these artists be who they are.”

In an industry that’s rampant with racial double standards and blatant ignorance, it comes with no surprise that black artists and songwriters aren’t given a platform, paid their fair share and given credit.

Thus, it’s disappointing that popular K-idols are excused for racially insensitive actions because “they don’t know any better” when K-pop’s biggest hits were written by black producers and the clothes and hairstyles they wear come from black culture. They turned black culture into an aesthetic.

The lack of inclusivity and acknowledgement along with the ignorance is something fans should not brush over. Although recent news seems to show that K-pop fans support the Black Lives Matter Movement, we must hold K-idols accountable for their racist actions and give credit where credit is due.

We must not forget the origins of K-Pop nor should we ignore the systemic racism and double standards the industry perpetuates. As one of the most visible importers and adopters of black music and culture, idols and their record labels need to use their platforms to educate themselves and others.

Black culture is not an aesthetic. Black culture is not something to take on and off. Black culture is not a trend. K-Pop idols must be held accountable.

Tweet at your idols, send them educational links, talk to other fans, and don’t buy their music. We must amplify the Black community’s voices, not silence them. We must be allies.

Donate and sign petitions to support the Black Lives Matter Movement.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.By now, there’s little chance you haven’t heard or seen the name ‘BTS’, the undisputed kings of K-pop. And should the world’s course not have been changed by the current pandemic, BTS rappers RM, J-hopeand Suga, and vocalists Jin, V, Jimin and Jungkook would currently be on their 37-date world tour to support their fourth Korean album, Map of the Soul: 7.

On 18 and 19 April (the dates they were due to play Seoul Olympic Stadium), their label Big Hit Entertainment aired Bang Bang Con, a free two-day live stream of archival footage from previous concerts and tours. More than two million fans (known as Army) watched simultaneously, with the total views toppling 50 million.

This weekend, on 14 June at 10am BST, BTS will perform a 90-minute pay-to-watch online concert — Bang Bang Con: The Live — that’s bound to pull an audience of record-breaking numbers. The social engagement is consistently unsurpassed; earlier this year, Jungkook broke his own record by amassing over two million likes on five different tweets, breaking the previous record set by Barack Obama. He is also the most searched for K-pop Idol on Google and YouTube while in 2019, BTS were the most Googled boy band in the world.

As they’ve grown to become multimillion-selling, stadium-filling superstars, there has never been a singular answer as to how and why a non-English language pop group managed to break into the upper echelons of the western record industry. Multiple factors have been woven together to form an irresistible and, more importantly, unduplicatable recipe that’s seen BTS achieve four US number-one records in under two years and cumulatively sell over 20 million albums.

Whether it’s your first time with BTS or your thousandth, Vogue looks at how they became one of the greatest pop groups of all time.

Refusal to be confined by genre

Prolific in that they release new material every year, BTS have given their extensive catalogue a narrative by creating album trilogies or series to fully explore their subject, rather than race wildly from concept to concept. From criticising socio-political systems on tracks such as No More Dream (on which J-hopesays to “Rebel against this hell-like society, give your dream a special pardon”) to expressing their fear of no longer being able to perform on Black Swan, their depth of thought, constant creative exploration and lyrical candidness is a source of inspiration and comfort to their millions of fans.

Where they endeavour to stand out amongst their pop peers is through a propensity to integrate so-called high culture with popular culture. Take, for example, 2016’s Blood Sweat & Tears; the song combines trap, moombahton and tropical house while the video takes lavish inspiration from Hermann Hesse’s 1919 coming-of-age novel Demian, whose Jungian psychology would also form the basis of their 2019/2020 Map of the Soul series.

BTS refuse to be confined by genre, shifting from epic ballads (Spring Day) and moody emo anthems (Fake Love) to crowd-shaking bangers (Fire) and turbo pop like Boy With Luv (featuring Halsey) and DNA. The latter is a major milestone for BTS — it’s their first video to reach one billion YouTube views, their first entry on the US and UK singles charts, their second US gold single, and marks their US TV debut with a much-lauded performance at the American Music Awards.

Known as ‘the golden maknae’ (the youngest member who is good at everything he does), Jeon Jung-kook is the most Googled idol of 2019 and, with his cover of Lauv’s Never Not last month, set a world record for the most commented-upon tweet and fastest Twitter video to reach a million views (it took just 10 minutes!). Jungkook is one of the least active members on social media, making his appearances something of an event, but his bandmates aren’t far behind, regularly racking up a staggering two million likes per post. Over the years, BTS have constantly updated Army with their passing thoughts, holiday snaps, jokes and selfies — using their Twitter account just as a close friend would, becoming part of their fans’ lives in much the same way.

In the face of a western industry unwilling to make room for a foreign-language boy band, BTS’s global growth was never through traditional means, such as radio play. Instead, their social media nous and content strategies via video platforms including YouTube and V Live became their springboard, helped exponentially by hundreds of fan translators who tirelessly translated lyrics, social posts and much of the group’s video content, allowing for non-Korean speakers to fully connect with the members.

Since 2017, US television has become a powerful friend in pushing them deeper into the general public’s consciousness. Whether morning news or late-night talk shows, BTS’s camaraderie turns even the most sedate interview into beguiling, entertaining chaos. Despite having only one fluent English-speaking member, BTS are adept at hooking in viewers, smoothing out cultural and language barriers with an instinctive charm and earthy humour, comfortably taking a spot in millions of western households where previously Asian artists had rarely been seen.

The Late Late Show’s James Corden was the first host to give the band the spotlight. “I’m constantly impressed by their work ethic,” Corden tells us via email. “They’re always so full of respect, not only for the environment they’re working in at that moment in time but also, and most importantly, for each other. Watching them grow from their first appearance on our show to where they are now has been jaw-dropping. As a group, they remain so dignified, so full of joy, that it drips down to everyone around them. Particularly their fans, who are the most incredible collection of young people. It’s clear that they are only about doing something good, being good people, keeping the whole thing in this bubble of positivity. And that in itself is the rarest of experiences in today’s day and age.”

No rules are the new rules

Much has been written about South Korea’s male pop stars’ love of flamboyant costuming and elaborate makeup. BTS, in particular, are seen as major figures in positively changing western attitudes towards Asian men as sex symbols and steering masculinity away from toxic norms.

Yet, like so many male artists, BTS had to reach this point through learning and did so by first acknowledging the sexism and objectification in some of their early lyrics and videos. Their growth over the years can be seen in their lyrics, which now focus more on self-realisation and shared experiences, the embracing of powerful female collaborators (Halsey, Sia, Nicki Minaj, and South Korean pop queens IU and Suran), their openness when dealing with emotional issues both personal and within the group, and their wearing of pink, pastels, sequins, frills, skirts, purses, chokers or corsets without reservation.

This appreciation for the power of clothes and their unrivalled influence has endeared them to the fashion world. BTS, however, have very few official fashion endorsements, preferring to buy only what appeals to them. So when they decide to wear a particular item, not only does it promptly sell out globally, it makes headlines for doing so, cannily furthering their name beyond the fandom.

One rare partnership was with Dior, who created the stage outfits for last year’s Love Yourself: Speak Yourself tour. Dior’s creative director, Kim Jones, said at the time: “I love BTS because they are really great guys and also super into fashion. They all have their personal taste and style and it works so well together. Everyone I know is kind of crazy about them!”

There were many who hadn’t taken BTS seriously as new cultural icons, but that changed in 2018 when the group were invited to speak at the UN, where BTS’s message of self-love was heard loud and clear in an eloquent, moving speech for Unicef’s Generation Unlimited campaign. “Like most people, I made many mistakes in my life,” RM said. “I have many faults and I have many fears, but I am going to embrace myself as hard as I can, and I’m starting to love myself, little by little. What is your name? Speak Yourself!”

This wasn’t the first time they’d used their huge platform to raise awareness. For years, the members have individually donated to varying causes including animal welfare, scholarship funds, cancer charities and food drives. Their partnership with Unicef was created, says Gmin Seo, of Unicef Korea’s corporate partnership and philanthropy team, “from a shared ambition for a world where children and young people are free from violence and bullying. [BTS has] raised awareness of Unicef’s #ENDviolence campaign […] all over the world. Both in person and through their music and social media channels, [BTS] have helped young people open up about their own experiences of violence, bullying, encouraged love and kindness.”

Their work is global. The group recently contributed $1 million (£806,000) to Black Lives Matter, which was immediately matched by Army, frequent fundraisers themselves, who rallied around the #MatchAMillion campaign set up by One in an Army, raising $1,026,531 within 24 hours.

BTS also spoke to those graduating in isolation or lockdown as part of Dear Class of 2020, alongside Barack Obama, Beyoncé and Lady Gaga. “If any of you feel lost in the face of doubt or uncertainty, or the pressure of starting anew, don’t rush,” said Jin, his words poignant amid the world’s current social changes. “Allow yourself to take it easy. Take it one step at a time.”

A major factor in BTS’s success is in their relatability and emotional transparency, which has remained steadfast even while occupying the superstar bubble. It’s been captured from the get-go, through vlogging from their tiny studio space in the early years, lighthearted variety shows such as Run BTS!, and behind-the-scenes clips, known as Bangtan Bombs. A more polished version of the latter became the 2018 YouTube docuseries Burn the Stage, followed by a movie adaptation that eventually broke the US box office event-cinema record previously held by One Direction.

A third docuseries, Break the Silence, which began in May this year, once more let us into their lives on the road, peeling back the curtain on their dazzling live show but also the members’ uncertainties and the head-spinning enormity of their fame. Here, they question who they are, how they’ve changed as people and what the future may hold. As fans, what we expect from artists has changed — rather than mystery and eccentricity, we ask for authenticity and accountability, demanding it even when their celebrity and wealth has cut them off from the everyperson.

Even as the accolades pour in, BTS use their fanbase and the constant documentation as sounding boards and grounding mediums. In Break the Silence, RM, ushered into an upscale restaurant and agog at a towering wall of expensive wine, admits incredulously, “Even when I go to the Grammys, I still think, ‘What am I doing here?!’” It’s hard not to warm to the biggest pop group on Earth when they’re laughing at, rather than being sucked into, the absurdity and surrealness of fame.Celebrities all over the world have been joining hands in a show of support for the Black Lives Matter movement.

Black Lives Matter, or BLM, is a human rights movement that campaigns against systemic racism and violence towards the African-American community. While the movement has been active since 2013, a massive resurgence in protests was sparked by the death of George Floyd on May 25.

Floyd, an unarmed black man, was arrested and pinned to the ground by police officers after he was suspected of involvement in a non-violent crime. Witness videos showed police officer Derek Chauvin kneeling on Floyd’s neck for over eight minutes. Floyd later died of a cardiac arrest “due to neck compression, ” according to the BBC.

K-pop artistes have come forward with donations to the BLM movement, with many others uploading posts to social media calling for justice.

R&B and hip-hop singer Crush has been one of the most vocal on the front. The singer voiced his support for BLM by donating an undisclosed amount to the Official George Floyd Memorial Fund, run by Floyd’s brother. Alongside a screenshot of his donation, Crush posted an image on Instagram stating that “It is not enough to be quietly non-racist. Now is the time to be vocally anti-racist.” In the captions, Crush noted that many K-pop artistes incorporate elements of black culture in their music. The singer also shared a post from another Instagram user in his stories, which read: “Remember: jazz, blues, rock & roll, funk, soul, R&B, disco, house, and techno came from Black people.”

“Me being inspired by black culture, aside me having black homies, aside just as a man and a human being. To think how helpless he felt and how inhumane(ly) he was treated... to think what if that was my dad, or uncle or homie makes me sick to my stomach, ” wrote the singer.

DAY6’s Jae posted a screenshot of his $1,000 donation to the Minnesota Freedom Fund (MFF) on Twitter. The MFF is a non-profit organisation that acts as a bail fund for low-income individuals. In addition to his receipt of donation, Jae posted a link to a collection of resources containing information about the BLM movement. The resource post also includes information on how one can support BLM, be it via donations or petitions.

Korean-American rapper pH-1 made a personal donation of US$3,000 to the Black Lives Matter Global Network, and called for change on Twitter. “I’m doing my best to help and support, ” he wrote. The star also shared various resources on BLM, including a link to a petition which is attempting to reach the attention of District Attorney Mike Freeman so that he may bring justice to the officers involved in the case.

GOT7’s Mark is the next in the long line of celebrities who have donated to the BLM cause. The singer made a US$7,000 donation to the Official George Floyd Memorial Fund. In the captions of his screenshot, Mark simply wrote “Stay strong, stay safe.”, followed by a link to a collection of resources on the BLM movement.

The artistes involved in music project DPR have also joined the fight for justice. Christian Yu, also known as DPR Ian, donated an undisclosed amount to the Official George Floyd Memorial Fund. He called for his followers to do the same, captioning his Instagram story with a large “Help!” and the #BlackLivesMatter hashtag.

Rapper and singer DPR Live may be late to the party, but the star is just as outraged other netizens out there. “I spent the whole day reading up, learning and educating myself on the recent events taking place. THIS is my response, ” he wrote on his Instagram story. “I don’t stand for racism. Never have, never will. And this injustice that took place not only regarding George Floyd but countless other innocent black men and women needs to stop once and for all. “Right now, the black community needs more support and more awareness, both locally (in South Korea) and globally. I urge everyone to not only educate themselves on these issues but also spread the message to their surrounding communities. “I apologise for the absence of words, but I just felt it necessary to become fully aware and attentive to this subject before saying anything. Rest in power Mr. Floyd, ” he finished.Korean pop music or K-pop is a genre of South Korea which grew in popularity during the to 2000s going on to become a universal phenomenon.

K-pop has become a truly global movement thanks to its distinctive blend of addictive melodies, slick choreography and production values, and an endless parade of attractive South Korean boy and girls band performers who spend years in gruelling studio systems learning to sing and dance in synchronized perfection.

The genre has also given way to extreme and devout levels of fandom with bands like BTS, Wonder Girls and Stray Kids boasting millions of followers across their various social media platforms, BTS alone have more than 26 million Twitter followers.

On June 2, the #BlackoutTuesday online campaign came into effect where social media users showed their support for the police brutality protests in cities across the US by posting blacked out images and using the hashtag #BlackoutTuesday.

Later on the day it emerged that a counter campaign was in play with other users using the hashtag #WhiteoutTuesday and Donald Trump's motto 'Make America Great Again; with the #MAGA hashtag.

On Tuesday and Wednesday, K-pop fans posted millions of videos, gifs and messages using the a series of hashtags used traditionally by the right and far right such as #WhiteLivesMatter, #BlueLivesMatter #MAGA and the #WhiteoutTuesday tag to drown out any impact the use of the hashtags in question would have for searches.

The legions of K-pop also added their considerable online voice with pro-protest memes and messages of solidarity for Floyd protesters.

You can follow live coverage of the protests over the killing of George Floyd here.Purchase a Team or Enterprise subscription for per week

You will be billed per month after the trial endsOn Sunday, after the Dallas Police Department asked people to send in "video of illegal activity from the [Black Lives Matter] protests" via the city's iWatch Dallas app, K-pop fans instead flooded the app with pictures and videos of their favorite artists — and within hours, the DPD said the app was down "due to technical difficulties."Back in 2016, the once-notorious hacktivist group Anonymous fell apart. It was during the U.S. presidential campaign when Anonymous publicly announced two operations with conflicting political agendas: OpTrump vs. OpHillary. As a result, Anonymous fell apart due to internal fighting over political affiliation. What was left of Anonymous and their ‘newblood’ lingered on Facebook for the last four years, where they have tried to convince users that they were still relevant.

I miss the old days of Anonymous; they didn’t have political objectives, nor did they care to be politically correct. They stood for letting everyone’s voice being heard and would amplify those in need, and on occasion, would silent those who needed a hard reality check. At the end of the day, some operations were questionable, but they were fighting for the oppressed. They engaged in activities where they would set hacktivists up on charges and then use them to conduct operations which they lacked any ability to do themselves.

In my opinion, the demise of Anonymous was a result of power grabs and acts of subversion over political affiliation. After Anonymous fell apart in 2016, a new far-right conspiracy theory group called QAnon came out of the depths of 4chan to capitalize on the void left by Anonymous and began manipulating and controlling a digital army in a similar fashion. But, just like that, there was no more group organized Denial of Service attacks. No more mainstream defacement or digital protests.

[You may also like: Ghosting Bots: The Story of Hoaxcalls Failures]

But after four years, some have decided to pick up the mask and attempt to run a half-decade old playbook after George Floyd died at the hands of the Minneapolis Police on May 25th, 2020.

As a result of the Floyd’s death, protests have erupted all over the United States and Europe. In general, all conflicts have both a physical and a cyber nature to them, even if one isn’t reported. And when a conflict reaches a certain level of social awareness, a silent hero typically steps up to fight for those who cannot.

Concerning the death of George Floyd, there has been a massive cyber movement in alliance with the Black Lives Matter movement, including the alleged return of Anonymous. The problem is, old and established accounts have been blindly co-signing the activities without verification. And just like the later years of Anonymous, the new actors or old actors representing Anonymous don’t deliver.

[You may also like: Who’s Viktor? Tracking down the XTC/Polaris Botnets.]

Posting re-packed data used to be an old tactic. The objective was not to hack, but rather to manipulate and repack data so they could troll the media into creating headlines that were aligned with the general narrative of the operation. Long ago, Anonymous lost their ability to hack. Today they can only amplify legitimate or illegitimate content in an attempt to direct attention to a cause. In my opinion, Anonymous’s actions are in parallel with the type of person who knowingly gives counterfeit money to a charity.

Take, for example, the alleged Minneapolis Police Department data breach. In a blog published by Troy Hunt, he examined the leak and concluded that the data was repackaged from prior data breaches.

What about those reports of ‘Sophisticated Denial of Service Attacks”? I’m going to be brutally honest here. Companies will over-hype cyberattacks on their networks as a means to get more money for cyber defense. It’s amazing how quick a minor DoS attack becomes a sophisticated DDoS attack when money is involved, or new equipment needs to be justified. So, it came as no surprise to me when I heard people spinning up Anonymous DDoS hype.

[You may also like: DDoS in the Time of COVID-19: Attacks and Raids]

The problem is, the media is quicker nowadays and Anonymous is trying to pull outdated moves on a savvier generation of information security professionals.

It didn’t take long for the main tool for OpMinneapolis to go through a public review that didn’t end well for the operators — or Governor Tim Walz or Tarek Tomes, Minnesota’s Chief Information Officer and the head of Minnesota IT services.

In a statement posted to twitter by Minnesota IT Service, Tomes stated that MNIT’s Security Operation Center was defending against a distributed denial-of-service attack. And In a blog post, State Scoop reported that Gov. Tim Walz said the alleged DDoS attack was “very sophisticated”.

The problem is, if they were paying attention to InfoSec twitter vs preparing a FUD statement, they would have seen that the community had already proven that Anonymous members AnonUSA and S0uL were pushing an outdated Layer 7 attack script on GitHub. And just in case you couldn’t run the script, they posted a tutorial on how to be a skid on YouTube. It is also suspected that the group was also using a tool called Bane. I will note, I find it hilarious that S0uL is cited in the Bane project and has a Bane avatar.

Overblown claims of sophisticated DDoS attacks — confirmed. Plus, from my perspective, I have yet to see evidence suggesting any of these targets were the victim of a sophisticated botnet.

To go even further, Anonymous was never known for building and maintaining a sophisticated botnet. In the past, Anonymous heavily relied on organizing volunteers to run scripts at a specific time from their devices. Today, the world record for the largest DDoS attack is a whooping 2.3Tbps CLDAP attack directed at Amazon. Anonymous never possessed the ability to launch such an attack. It was only offset groups such as Lulzsec and Lizard Squad that had cyber hand cannons and the ability to create a botnet that could reach 1Tbps.

One thing is clear, the cyber events over the past few weeks have proven why Anonymous has become obsolete, highlighting the need for a new hacktivist group that doesn’t live off the names of the past. A group that has grown and evolved with the industry.

While Anonymous regroups for a Black Lives Matter operation by beating up on unprotected sites in Kenya and internally fighting about Trump again, K-Pop fans have risen as the new hacktivist for justice, and I have to say, I think it’s time we cancel Anonymous and elect K-Pop fans as the final boss of the internet.

[You may also like: 3 Reasons Why DDoS Protection is Your Best Investment]

Did I lose you at K-Pop? If you have been living under a rock, K-Pop, Korean Pop, runs the internet nowadays and their fans roll deep. How deep? While @YourAnonCentral has 6.5 million followers, a single K-Pop group, BTS, has 26.4 million devout fans who will stop at nothing and do anything the groups get involved in. If a member wears a certain item, or post anything personal, it sends their fans into a frenzy.

This is where K-Pop takes over while Anonymous deals with internal issues once again. During the Black Lives Matter protests in the United States, K-Pop fans decide to give those being oppressed a bigger voice (something Anonymous hasn’t been able to do in years). In Texas, the Dallas Police Department decided the Black Lives Matter protest gave them a perfect chance to test out their new app that allows people to report on protester activity. The Internet delivered.

K-Pop fans leveraged the power of their digital army to cause service degradation for the iWatch app by flooding it with Fancam videos. This massive flood of content from unique users ultimately forced the app offline. And the best part, just like the old days of Anonymous raids, they used the power of their social botnet to support the protesters. No political affiliation. No subversion.

Why K-pop Fans Are the New Anonymous

There are a few reasons why I believe K-Pop fans are the new Anonymous. Mainly because they represent the old ways of Anonymous, back when activities were amplifying the oppressed or pranking those who needed a reality check. Back when the power of a social botnet was more powerful than an IoT botnet.

I will give it to them, Anonymous tried to come back but they instantly repeated the very thing that caused them to fail in the first place. They faked data leaks, pushed outdated tools, and tried to get others to commit the crime for them. In my opinion, K-Pop did more for the protesters than Anonymous and because of that, they should be crowned as the final boss of the internet.After weeks of demonstrations and social protests helped reshape the American conversation about race, advocates for the Black Lives Matter movement recently gained a powerful group of allies:

Fans of South Korean pop music, commonly referred to as K-pop, are nothing new in Asia, but they are growing in explosive numbers around the world as bands like BTS, EXO, and Blackpink claim the international music stage. K-pop fans are well known for their passionate adoration of their music idols, and they have developed a ubiquitous social media presence that produces a steady stream of video clips of performances (known as fancams), memes, and other illustrations of online adoration. Social media platforms like YouTube, Twitter, and others fuel the growth of K-pop in the United States since they make it possible for fans to not only watch their favorite acts endlessly online, but also create content that demonstrates their devotion to them.

Increasingly, however, K-pop has stepped beyond fandom into a different arena – social activism.

Last week, amidst the protests that have swept the United States, one of K-pops biggest bands, South Korea’s BTS, shared a tweet in both Korean and English aligning itself with the Black Lives Matter movement. In the statement to its 26 million followers, it wrote, “We stand against racial discrimination. We condemn violence. You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together. #BlackLivesMatter.” The reaction from its fans was swift, and its fervent fan base, known as ARMY, short for “Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth,” quickly matched the band’s $1 million contribution to Black Lives Matter causes.

But it appears K-pop fans aren’t done being allies with the Black Lives Matter movement. In fact, it looks like they are just getting started.

This week, as Fox News commentator Tucker Carlson came under fire for critical comments he has made about both the Black Lives Matter movement and the recent protests, K-pop fans once again sprang into action. Carlson, the popular host of his own show Tucker Carlson Tonight, gave an incendiary monologue on Monday night in which his comments were taken by many to question the legitimacy of the protests in startling terms.

"This may be a lot of things, this moment we're living through, but it is definitely not about Black lives. And remember that when they come for you — and at this rate, they will," Mr. Carlson said on Monday evening.

Following his offensive comments, the network later clarified that the host was not referring to the protesters, but rather to Democratic leaders. Nonetheless, Carlson was dumped by several of his high-profile sponsors, and in response, the hashtag #IStandWithTucker, began trending on Twitter. But in another act of online activism, K-pop fans started spamming the hashtag filling it with fancams and photos of K-pop stars, essentially drowning out the tweets supporting Carlson.

In some ways, it is not surprising that K-pop fans are stepping up their activism. Much of the world is feeling a surge of interest in ways to step up their attitudes and actions around issues of racial justice. And as the music industry starts to more closely examine how its own actions might have sustained systemic racism in America and around the world, it shouldn’t be surprising that fans will continue to find ways to channel their sense of connection to artists and one another in ways that help the cause.

One thing that is clear. K-pop is flexing its music fandom muscles at a time when the United States could benefit from a surge of activism and allyship in the fight for racial justice. And regardless of whether it is said or sang in Korean, English, or any other language, the sound of people supporting one another is always good to hear.They gave the Trump campaign a whole lot of bad data, which is expensive to clean up. Plus: drive-ins across the pond, racist film classics and "Diversity, Inc."Left: Chinese actor Lu Han Right: A man works out at a gym in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. Photos: IC

Chinese singer and former member of South Korean K-pop band EXO Lu Han has come under fire after he was seen wearing a vest decorated with the Shahada, the Islamic creed, while attending an event on Monday.The hashtag #LuHan topped the Malaysia trends list on Twitter with 36.9k tweets as of Tuesday morning.According to an explanation of one Twitter user who claims to be Muslim, the script on the vest translates to "There is no god but Allah, Muhammad [Peace be upon him] is the messenger of Allah."The netizen posted "That sacred phrase is the foundation of our faith" and is not allowed to be used on the floor nor in washrooms and that it was "extremely disrespectful" and "a big deal" for Lu to wear clothing bearing the phrase.Some of Lu's fans expressed that they were disappointed in their idol and asked the star and his studio to issue an apology."I love you #LuHan but this is a big no!! Stop offending our religious and stop wearing things you don't understand this is for all the idols out there," one netizen posted on Twitter.Some netizens defended Lu Han, saying that the blame should be placed on the designer of the vest instead of the star."Can his designer stop using this kind of words just to make your design look special. It's so offensive. I hope his designer will apologies about this. Don't throw hate towards Luhan," one netizens wrote on Twitter in a post that echoed the opinion of netizens on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo."Stop trying to silence Muslims when we try to call someone out when they disrespect our religion. We should educate Luhan and tell him why it's wrong of him to wear that, the same goes for the designer and just designers out there in general," another netizen commented on Twitter.This is not the first time that celebrities have faced criticism for their fashion choices. According to reports, South Korean K-pop boy band BTS once faced criticism for wearing a politically-charged shirt with a picture of an atomic bomb and wearing a hat featuring a Nazi symbol.Over two decades ago, Salman Khan and Sushmita Sen danced their ways into our hearts with Chunnari Chunnari. Today, the hugely popular K-pop band BTS is following in their footsteps - almost. A mashup video of BTS dancing to the song Chunnari Chunnari from the 1999 movie Biwi No 1 is currently going viral on social media, and chances are it will make your jaw drop with its perfect syncing of choreography to music.

The mashup was shared by Instagram account 'Filmforfare' about a week ago, and has since collected over a thousand impressed comments.

In the mashup video, the seven members of the South Korean boy band are seen grooving to Chunnari Chunnari. The video - actually a clip of the K-pop group's dance practice to Boy With Luv - has been perfectly synced to the catchy tune of Chunnari Chunnari to create a mashup that has left people in splits.

See for yourself:

The video has collected over 1.4 lakh views and over a thousand impressed comments since being shared online.

"This is genius," wrote one Instagram user in the comments section.

"Epic video. Please do more such videos," another requested.

"I can't get over how perfect this is. The last three seconds kill me," a commenter said.

The mashup video also made it to Twitter, where it has collected thousands of views and impressed reactions.

BTS, also known as the Bangtan Boys, is a band that was formed in 2010 in Seoul. The group has since gained a global fandom with their award-winning music.Samsung Galaxy Buds+ BTS Edition will come with a vibrant look for K-pop fans

At the Galaxy Unpacked event earlier this year, Samsung unveiled a new pair of truly wireless (TWS) earbuds alongside its flagship Galaxy S20 series. The new earbuds, called the Samsung Galaxy Buds+, were a minor upgrade over the original Galaxy Buds, featuring larger batteries in the earbuds as well as the charging case, support for multi-device connection, and a new dual driver system. Initially, the Buds+ were released in three color variants — Cosmic Black, Cosmic Blue, and Black — but Samsung went on to add a new red color, a special Thom Browne edition, and an Aura Blue color. Now, Samsung is working on a BTS-branded Galaxy Buds+ that will cater to K-pop fans.

XDA Editor-in-Chief Mishaal Rahman and XDA TV Video Producer Max Weinbach had originally spotted that Samsung was working on a new purple-colored Galaxy Buds+ that would go on sale alongside a BTS-branded Mirror Purple Samsung Galaxy S20+.

These Mirror Purple BTS-branded Buds+ were then leaked by Evan ‘evleaks’ Blass from all angles, on his Patreon.

Evan has also posted the retail packaging and the BTS-adorned marketing material for the wireless earbuds from Samsung.

The Galaxy Buds+ BTS Edition will be launching alongside the Samsung Galaxy S20+ BTS Edition on July 7.

BTS is a seven-member South Korean boy band which is immensely popular among fans of the K-pop (Korean Pop) genre. The band has fans not only in South Korea, but all across the world, thanks to their works as well as collaborations with other international pop artists like Halsey, Ed Sheeran, Nicki Minaj, The Chainsmokers, and many others. A BTS-branded Galaxy S20+ and Buds+ attempts to capitalize on the fandom while still introducing a different color option on the already-popular products.Some of K-pop's biggest entertainment companies met South Korea's Culture Minister Park Yang-woo last Friday (June 19), as they discussed the financial challenges faced by the companies due to the ongoing spread of Covid-19.

The meeting, hosted by the Culture Ministry, was also intended to set the agenda for expanding the Korean Wave in the postcoronavirus era.

Eight senior executives of K-pop companies, including SM Entertainment, JYP Entertainment, Big Hit Entertainment, FNC Entertainment and Starship Entertainment, participated in the meeting.

The K-pop companies highlighted difficulties stemming from concert cancellations, the ministry said.

YG Entertainment confirmed on Sunday that it had cancelled several concerts, including Winner's three concerts in Singapore and South Korea in February, and concerts in eight Korean cities by sibling singing duo AKMU in February and March.

"From February on, all the concerts were cancelled (due to Covid-19)," a YG Entertainment official told The Korea Herald.

With the situation no different for the other entertainment companies, the firms asked the Culture Ministry to provide specific guidelines for holding offline concerts during the second half of this year.

In response, the Culture Ministry said it is reviewing some of the measures that would allow the companies to hold small concerts in four cities outside of Seoul.

The ministry said it will make the final decision after discussions with the Korea Centres for Disease Control and Prevention.

Some entertainment companies also asked the government to create a separate fund to support businesses related to K-pop culture during the conference, the ministry said.

Park also suggested ways to support the K-pop industry's growth, such as government subsidies, tax incentives, and the loosening of regulations related to the export of entertainment products.

"We will actively provide policy support to the K-pop industry so that it can become the culture business that represents Korea," he said.

He praised two successful online concert cases – SM Entertainment's Beyond Live and Big Hit Entertainment's Bang Bang Con: The Live – as efforts to prepare for the post-coronavirus era.

The premiere of Beyond Live concert held in April, which featured pop group SuperM, was viewed by more than 75,000 people in 109 countries.

On June 14, Big Hit held boy band BTS' streaming concert, Bang Bang Con: The Live, which drew more than 756,000 viewers from 107 countries. Both events were paid online concerts. – The Korea Herald/Asia News NetworkTzuyu, Mina, Momo and Sana from Twice, Mark, Jackson and BamBam from Got7, (G)I-dle’s Yuqi, Minnie and Shuhua … many of K-pop’s biggest boy bands and girl groups feature foreign-born idols from Japan, China, Taiwan, Thailand and Hong Kong – so who is from where again?K-pop fans are a force to be reckoned with – which is why all across the world they’ve come together to help drown out online opposition to the Black Lives Matter movement. How have they achieved such a feat? By flooding the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag with videos and images of their favourite musicians to take attention away from racist or offensive posts.

Hashtags like #BlackLivesMatter and #BlackoutTuesday have been trending as protests spread, demanding justice for George Floyd. The 46-year-old African-American died in Minneapolis on 25 May. In the US, people are continuing to demand an end to systemic racism and to unnecessary police brutality, after footage capturing a white police officer kneeling on Floyd’s neck as he pleaded, “I can’t breathe,” went viral. All four police officers involved have now been charged with murder.

K-pop stans – slang for obsessive fans – combative actions meant that earlier this week the hashtag, as well as #WhiteOutWednesday and #BlueLivesMatter were trending on Twitter in the US. Now, when you search the hashtags you’ll be met with endless posts featuring bands like Blackpink, BTS, Twice, EXO, rapper Ryujin and more.

The K-pop band, BTS, even took a rare political stance by voicing their solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement. “We stand against racial discrimination. We condemn violence. You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together. #BlackLivesMatter,” the band told their 26 million followers on Twitter. It proves, once again, that there really is power in numbers (and hashtags).

Followers of BTS mobilised once again and managed to stimulate another trend – #MatchaMillion – after stans of the K-pop band pledged to match the $1 million the group has donated to Black Lives Matter. Donations were tracked by charitable fan collective, One in An Army, which has organised some 27 fundraisers in recent years. In the first 24 hours, a reported $817,000 was raised, and by the morning of 9 June, the total had reached $1.13 million.Seoul-based entertainment company CJ ENM and e-commerce platform Shopee are teaming up to bring "the world's biggest Korean culture festival" KCON online for the first time.

Entering its ninth year, KCON: TACT 2020 Summer will be livestreamed for the very first time in Southeast Asia and Taiwan on Shopee Live from June 20 to 26.

K-pop fans can expect to freely watch performances from their favorite artists at the event, such as AB6IX, ATEEZ, Chung Ha, GFRIEND, ITZY, IZ*ONE, Kang Daniel, MONSTA X, OH MY GIRL, PENTAGON, Stray Kids, THE BOYZ, TOMORROW X TOGETHER and VICTON.

KCON: TACT 2020 Summer will be the highlight of Shopee Live Kpop Fest, slated to launch on June 10 with the performance of South Korean-Chinese girlband WSJN (Cosmic Girls).

Additionally, the festival will feature interviews, games and daily quizzes.

Read also: Shopee to export Indonesian small businesses’ products to the Philippines

“[These events] are a form of our commitment to fulfill ever-changing needs; as people worldwide are staying home and converting to online entertainment," said Shopee regional marketing head Agatha Soh in a statement.

KCON was first launched in 2012 in Los Angeles, the United States, and has been expanding to other cities since, including New York, Tokyo in Japan, Bangkok in Thailand and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates.

The Shopee app is freely available to download for iOS and Android users. (wir/kes)Secret Number ― the first K-pop girl band with an Indonesian member ― has become the talk of the town just a few weeks after its debut.

 The music video of the five-piece act's debut track "Who Dis?" ― which was unveiled on May 19 ― had exceeded 12 million views as of Sunday. It took only 10 hours for the clip to garner one million hits, according to the group's agency Vine Entertainment, Friday. 

 

 "Many of the band's YouTube videos, including its pre-debut clips, have surpassed one million views," the agency said. 



Indonesian member Dita is believed to have contributed to the group's quick rise. Dita, who is of Balinese descent, was already thriving on social media before her debut, as she interacted with her followers as a K-pop idol trainee.



When Secret Number's debut was officially announced on May 6, a wave of K-pop fans in Indonesia ― where K-pop is attaining considerable popularity ― and the local media outlets wildly welcomed the emergence of the first K-pop girl band with an Indonesian member. 



"I heard from my family that my debut created a buzz in Indonesia," Dita said during the group's debut showcase on May 19 in Gangnam-gu, Seoul. "I will do my best not to fail people." 

 Secret Number, comprising Jinny, Denise, Soodam, Lea and Dita, initially planned to make its debut on March 26, but it was delayed due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.SEOUL
• South Korean pop stars - including Jay Park, Red Velvet's Yeri and Tiffany from Girls' Generation - have spoken up about and contributed to the Black Lives Matter movement in the United States.

The US has seen nationwide protests after Mr George Floyd, 46, died while being detained by police officer Derek Chauvin, who has been charged with second-degree murder.

The South Korean stars have shared information in both English and Korean to spread the message to fans in South Korea and abroad.

According to Korean pop culture website Soompi, many South Korean celebrities have also adopted the Blackout Tuesday campaign, which was reportedly started by the US music industry to put a pause on promotional activities and reflect on how to support the black community.

Singer Park Ji-min, 22, known by her stage name Jamie, posted a note on Instagram to educate her fans and followers about the context and intentions of the movement.

California-born Amber Liu, 27, formerly of South Korean girl group f(x), shared an email template for writing to officials about Mr Floyd's death.

She also retweeted news about Mr Floyd's autopsy report and Chauvin's charges being upgraded from third-to second-degree murder. Three other police officers have also been charged.

American rapper and singer Jay Park, 33, who rose to fame as a member of South Korean boy band 2PM, has also been vocal on social media.

Born in Washington state, Park has previously said he was heavily influenced by American artists, including black performers such as Jay Z, Nas, Tupac and Usher.

After a brief hiatus from the South Korean music industry, he returned to the US and founded his own labels, AOMG and H1GHR Music.

On Monday, he posted a picture of artists from H1GHR Music standing in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement, and said the label and artists had collectively donated US$21,000 (S$29,400) to the cause.The popular singer and K-Pop icon revealed all the his secrets to keeping his skin smooth and flawless.

K-Pop and R&B singer Eric Nam is taking the world by storm. The Korean singer who is not only known for her tunes and voice revealed all that he does to keep his skin smooth, clean and healthy. 

In an interview with Harper's Bazaar, Nam talked about the complicated relationship he has with his skin. "It is sensitive, I think, to just changes in water," mainly because he is constantly travelling, he revealed to the magazine in the latest Go to Bed with me video. His routine might sound daunting for it has eight steps to it, but is quite basic and easy to follow. Check it out!

Double Cleanse

Nam's first step is to double cleanse. First, he uses an oil-based cleanser to remove the impurities from his skin and then goes with a water-based cleanser to make sure his face is squeaky clean. It is also the best way to get rid of makeup!

Toner

While most people use a cotton pad for toner, Eric prefers to keep things simple and just pat the toner on his face, which lets his skin absorb it better.

Essence 

Essences are a part of the Korean skincare routine which is known to help other products get absorbed better and maximising the results of it on skin. 

Eric uses essence as a pre-moisturiser on his skin.

Moisturiser 

Like everybody else, Eric believes that moisturiser is one of the basic skincare necessities, especially if you are struggling with dry skin. The K Pop star also said, "Oftentimes you're breaking out because your face is lacking moisture or hydration," and that it was the pores way of reacting.

Serum

A part of almost everybody's skincare routine today, Nam too swears by a serum to reduce fine lines and ensure his skin glows brightly.

Eye Cream

Not too concerned about whether products are for men or women, Eric likes to experiment especially with anti-ageing products that are both for men and women. Eye cream is something he swears by and never skips out on!

Moisturiser 

To complete it all, Eric ends things by patting on his favourite moisturiser to ensure his skin is hydrated and is not dehydrated.

What are your thoughts on Eric Nam's skincare routine? How many steps does your routine have? Let us know in the comment section below.

ALSO READ: Sulfate free shampoo: What it is and why it is a saving grace for dry hair?

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueCrowned best new Asian artist at Mnet’s MAMA awards, and with breakout EP Take Off topping iTunes streaming charts across the world, the multicultural Chinese-language boy band represent a new border-less ethos for Asian pop supremacyA scholar in contemporary Korean culture says we shouldn't be surprised that teen fans of Korean pop music took responsibility for trolling U.S. President Donald Trump's latest campaign rally.

Trump's team bragged that more than one million people had registered for tickets online to attend the president's rally in Tulsa, Okla., last weekend.

Instead, the arena on Saturday was only about one-third full. Reports attributed the gap between expectations and reality to youths on social media platforms such as TikTok and fans of K-pop both in the United States and around the world.

CedarBough Saeji, a visiting professor at Indiana University Bloomington, spoke to Day 6 host Brent Bambury about the history of massive online movements fuelled by K-pop fans and why they have turned their attention to stateside politics.

Here is part of their conversation.

This is not the first time K-pop fans have taken collective action. Can you tell us about some of the other campaigns they've carried out lately?

K-pop fans can only reliably be counted on to support their idols, and most of that has ended up happening online because, obviously, Korea is far away and fans are spread all around the world.

And so when they're supporting their idols online, they've principally been trying to do things through demonstrating metrics — things like streaming or YouTube views, social media mentions, hashtags and musical sales.

They've been doing that really, really well. And recently, they seem to have realized that those exact same tactics can be used for politics as well.

What was it the fans were doing that showed them that they had the online savvy and ability to actually take things on and get results?

K-pop fans have been involved in a number of different campaigns. They frequently advocate on behalf of K-pop artists. They try to help them get more attractive schedules, get more frequent comebacks.

One of the political actions that a lot of American fans got into earlier this year, actually, is that one of the members of the group Monsta X [named Wonho], which is very popular in the United States, had been accused of some previous impropriety.

Fans around the world campaigned for him to get reinstated into his group. Every 24 hours, there had to be a new set of hashtags that were going to be trended to help Wonho be reinstated. And they even spent a ton of pooled money on large billboards and lobbying to media organizations, trying to get them to cover the story.

Eventually, after Wonho was cleared of the accusations, he was able to get a contract as a solo artist. And so I think fans felt very encouraged by their ability to help out somebody that they loved so much.

And obviously, they felt empowered by their mastery of digital pressure.

Yeah, I think that underestimating how well young people understand the internet is a real big mistake at this point.

So they turned that toward Black Lives Matter. How did that work? How much money did they manage to raise using these digital techniques?

Well, just one of the campaigns, which was a matching campaign after the group BTS donated $1 million (US).The BTS fan collective, [known as] One In An Army, organized a matching donation of $1 million.

It took them only 24 hours to raise that money, which is just amazing. But K-pop fans were already donating online. There were already these chains where you would upload a receipt from a donation that you'd just given and [say], "Pass it on. Keep the chain going!" And things like that.

So it's … also lots of little actions, lots of showing up at demonstrations, lots of sharing petitions — all of that kind of stuff.

The trend is definitely progressive. It's anti-racist. It's pro-Black Lives Matter. It appears that these are more progressive values than you might suspect would come out of the K-pop movement, which seems to be kind of conservative on some level. Is that accurate?

It is in some ways, particularly in Korea. It doesn't stick its head out a whole lot — doesn't take strong political stances.

However, K-pop has always been taking social stances. K-pop idols are expected to provide this good example of how to live in the world. And part of that is: you should volunteer. You should donate. You should care about disadvantaged populations.

This is a little bit more political than social right now in the United States. But I'm not entirely surprised that the U.S. fandom is so politically progressive, because they are people who are outward-looking and open-minded.

Otherwise, they wouldn't be consuming Korean media. They'd just be consuming the same run-of-the-mill American media fed to Americans by American radio stations and American TV stations.

Do you think it's possible that K-pop could actually empower teenagers to get more involved in politics in this American election year?

I absolutely think that a lot of people right now are feeling very empowered. K-pop fans may generally be young, but I would say the average age is well over voting age.

Any conservative pundits out there should really be paying attention to what's going on right now. You have very empowered, very enthusiastic young people who have realized that they can flex and make a difference.

Written by Jonathan Ore. Produced by Annie Bender. Q&A edited for length and clarity.

To hear more, download our podcast or click Listen above.In the age of COVID, Zoom meetings, and digital commerce, it's never been more crucial for a business or brand to have a strong, impactful web presence. Knowing how to build one is not simple, which is likely one of the reasons why web development is expected to be among the fastest-growing job sectors over… READ THE RESTOnline fandoms have proved they can achieve positive change - but more frequently, they perpetuate the worst parts of online culture.

On June 1, 2020, a new trend rippled through the K-pop stan community on Twitter.

Two users, both with less than three thousand followers each, began encouraging their fellow stans to flood the Dallas Police Department’s “snitch cam” — an app designed for citizens to report petty crime — with “fancams”, homemade edits of their favourite K-pop stars.

Within hours, the snitch cam was so clogged with videos that it was taken down. Soon afterwards, the app popped back up. So the stans did the same thing again. “KEEP SPAMMING,” one user Tweeted. “IT’S WORKING.”

Days later, at the cajoling of users on “mainstream” Twitter, K-pop stans replicated the trick by flooding the ‘blue lives matter’ hashtag with more fancams. The stans were on a roll. Soon after that, in conjunction with teens on TikTok, stans reserved seats for Donald Trump’s Tulsa, Oklahoma rally that they never planned to use, leading to embarrassment for the President and his supporters when the venue turned out to be half-empty.

It would be wrong to say that this political bent to the behaviour of stans was new. Fans of the South Korean pop group BTS, so-called members of the BTS ARMY, will frequently donate to charity — a recent Vice article estimates that they have donated to 630 charities worldwide over the years. And these are not just apolitical causes, either; many of the ARMY’s preferred charities support LGBTIQ youth, for instance.

What has been new, however, is the reaction such behaviour has received in the press and in mainstream cultural circles (including this very website, which published positive stories on all of these incidents). Suddenly, stans have become the heroes of this dark and dangerous year, the subject of thousands of memes praising them for their righteous support of important causes. “Never underestimate the power of K-pop Twitter and a good fancam,” reported PopBuzz, delightedly.

And let us be clear: such recent actions are good. Donating widely to charities and boosting information about the Black Lives Matter movement are uncomplicated, unmixed blessings, the kind of inspirational causes that the internet should rally around more often.

But the problem arises when we ignore the history of modern standom, and how frequently stans have rallied themselves around other, much less admirable causes.

Too frequently in the past, stans have perpetuated the worst of cancel culture. They have made systemic issues into personal ones; attempted to solve complex problems by bullying individuals off Twitter, and tried to ruin people’s lives. They rarely demonstrate any understanding of forgiveness or personal transformation. They have been thin-skinned. They have shouted down anyone who has tried to attack their idols. And they have spread rumours and falsehoods.

That needs to be reckoned with. And such reckoning is long overdue.

“Stan Twitter” is a catchall term. After all, that group in turn can be broken down into K-pop stans, and BTS stans, and Blackpink stans, and Harry Styles stans, and Taylor Swift stans, and so on, forever.

There are differences between each of these groups, of course; they talk, organise and interact in distinct ways. But what unites these communities is a similarity in their methods for responding to criticism, in their uncomplicated adoration for their idol (or idols) in question, and an acute understanding of their own power.

That latter fact is also what sets them apart from prior teenage subcultures. There have been pre-adolescent and adolescent fans of pop culture for as long as there has been pop culture. The Beatles had their own stans; so did Jimi Hendrix. Even Franz Liszt, the classical composer, had his clothes torn apart by his rabid followers whenever he appeared in public.

But, historically, such groups have been scattered. To connect with other Paul McCartney obsessives in the ’60s required sending a self-stamped envelope to an address you found in the back of a music magazine, and joining an expensive fan group.

The internet changed all that. These days, not only can stans meet and talk, they can also organise. And more than that, they can see the immediate, real-world reaction to their organisation. Which is intoxicating. And many stan cultures are intoxicated by it. Stans are obsessed with their own ability to get songs to chart, to flood competitions that rely on a popular vote. And, when necessary, to ruin the lives of literally anyone who writes a single wrong word about their idols.

When All-Time Low singer Alex Gaskarth criticised One Direction, he was told to kill himself. Taylor Swift fans sent Diplo so many abusive messages — a number concerning his children — that he was temporarily forced off socials. Late last year, when Lana Del Rey criticised NPR journalist Ann Powers, her stans followed their idol’s lead, flooding Powers’ social mentions.

And that’s the thing: all too often, the idols in question even play on this power. Justin Bieber, for instance, instructed his followers how they could game the charts and get his new record to position higher. Years earlier, Louis Tomlinson mobilised his fanbase against an Australian radio host he didn’t like by the name of Ash London. When London tried to explain herself, Tomlinson gleefully noted that she should “stay on private”. London eventually disappeared off social media for months, such was the vitriol directed towards her.

Even as recently as last year, Ariana Grande took to Twitter to give her opinion on “bloggers”. Roslyn Talusan, a journalist, called Grande out, noting that her comments were unnecessarily targeting an at-risk industry. In turn, Talusan was flooded with death and rape threats from Grande stans, who flooded her mentions and found her Instagram account.

When some pressure mounted on Grande to explicitly condemn the behaviour and call her fans off, the singer refused. instead, she dog-whistled them, suggesting that Talusan was getting as good as she was giving out.

“They’re just reacting with similar energy to what they’ve read honestly,” Grande wrote to the journalist. “Your tweets were hostile.”

It was a false equivalency, of course, implying that Talusan’s eloquent takedown was in any way comparable to literal death threats. But Grande didn’t seem to care. Though she reached out to Talusan privately, she has never called her followers into line for the way that they behaved. And why would she? She needs their rabid energy; their ability to get things done. To get her songs to chart. To take down her critics.

Dismissing any group that you disagree with as a “mob” has become a cliché these days, a lazy argumentation tactic designed to denigrate your intellectual enemies. But stans are self-referentially moblike. They fetishise their own ability to massively change the culture.

At the end of 2019, a Twitter user with the handle @jovanmhill shared an eight-word phrase: “I only fear BTS stans, no one else.” Now, in the BTS community, those words have become a slogan, a catchphrase that members of the ARMY use when they are awed by their own power.

Characterising stan culture’s use of that power as always landing on the side of righteousness is simply wrong, and the community’s reputation as “justice warriors”, correcting the racist issues of the system, is undermined whenever any of their idols fall on the wrong side of that line.

For instance, when Justin Bieber was accused of sexual assault, stan Twitter spent days “proving” his innocence and shouting down any who contested the Bieber account of events. When Taylor Swift jumped on the LGBTIQ bandwagon too little and too late with her video for ‘You Need To Calm Down’, any critic who attempted to reckon with her past political inaction was dogpiled.

Then there’s the unsettling history of cultural appropriation when it comes to South Korean groups like BTS. That band has a tendency to lift the style and imagery of Black culture, most notably in the music video for J-Hope’s ‘Chicken Noodle Soup’. Towards the end of that video, J-Hope can be seen clad in quasi-dreadlocks. When some fans rightfully called him out, others told such critics to “get a life”.

In turn, this attitude feeds into a reluctance these stan communities exhibit when it’s time to clean their own house of racism and bigotry. A largely unsigned petition calling for J-Hope to apologise for his cultural appropriation notes that some BTS fans hurled racial slurs at those they disagreed with.

A cursory search of Twitter shows that a number of K-pop stans are continuing to slur each other with the n-word, even as the community broadly is attempting to show solidarity with the black lives matter movement.

When The New York Times praised K-pop stans for being “especially perceptive of racial inequality”, writer Elizabeth de Luna reset the record. “K-pop fandom is racist asf [as fuck],” de Luna wrote.

History backs up such a claim. G-Dragon of South Korean pop group Big Bang donned blackface back in 2013, Yesung of Super Junior did it a few years later, while K-pop girl group Mamamoo performed in blackface as recently as 2017.

And each time, stans defended their heroes and shouted down anyone who tried to criticise them. One stan even tried to compare Yesung’s blackface with Chris Hemsworth wearing a wig in order to play Thor.

Then there’s the manner in which stans go about using their power, which almost always manifests itself as widespread criticism and harassment directed at one or two people at a time. Look at the treatment of rapper CupcakKe, chased off of Twitter with death threats and suggestions that she kill herself by BTS stans after she repeatedly described one of the members of that group as sexually attractive. “What a very disturbing fanbase,” the rapper wrote, just before she deactivated.

Which is not even to mention the case of Hollywood Reporter journalist Seth Abramovitch. A little over a year ago, Abramovitch published a profile about the group that focused on their “exoticism”, making much of the linguistic and cultural differences between the group and their Western fans.

When Abramovitch began to be bombarded with criticism, he doubled down and claimed that the group were unknown to “99.99 percent” of the population. That made things worse. En masse, stans began suggesting Abramovitch be fired.

Indeed, threatening a critic’s employment has become one of the preferred strategies of stans over the last few years. When comedian Alex Williamson insulted BTS and the band’s fans, stans online sent out mass emails to his potential bookers urging them not to employ him.

When writers criticise or challenge beloved pop acts, their stans will search through their Twitter history in order to find some way to embarrass or discredit them. Stans pride themselves on their organisational capabilities in this manner. They work fast; they uncover dirt quickly; and they are relentless when they have found something they think can harm their critics.

It should be stressed that in some of the above cases, there were real criticisms to be made. Abramovitch’s piece was poorly written. Williamson was deliberately riling the community up. These figures deserved some degree of criticism. But the response each time was vast and destructive, with no understanding of nuance. It was an Old Testament reaction, reducing people to “bad guys”, as though anyone who has ever said anything wrong is forever then barred from saying anything right, or as though the unworthy should be cast out of employment and social life.

Stan culture is equipped only to attack. Stans do not draw attention to the structural problems of racism. They do not believe that people can be rehabilitated. The only way they can enact “change” is by ruining people’s lives.

That means stans can pat themselves on the back when they get someone fired, or hounded off Twitter. But they should know, they are doing nothing to stop the next racist article or joke, or to actually improve the lives of disenfranchised communities.

Moreover, stan Twitter frequently gets it wrong. Fandoms are so quick to dispense with hatred and anger, that they will misinterpret messages, or fail to properly read articles. While this story was being written, Junkee published a feature about Natalia Kills, the pop star who “cancelled herself” by criticising a beloved contestant on a New Zealand reality TV show.

Our feature was positive, noting the double-standard in Kills’ cancellation. But her stans didn’t even read the article. They wildly misinterpreted the headline, and began flooding Junkee socials with messages of hate, even targeting freelancers who had nothing to do with the piece. When one of the stans finally clicked on the article and read the piece they were so up in arms about, they called the hate off.

One stan even thanked Junkee for “correcting” the article. It hadn’t been changed.

All too frequently, the way that stans enact justice is wrongheaded, destructive, and inconsistent. These cultures are not often the passionate fans of justice and progress they have been painted as over the last few weeks. They veil their destructive actions under the pretence of social good. And they should be called out for it.

The media has long had an inconsistent reputation with stan culture. Publications — this one included — can get clicks from stans by writing about their heroes. But they always run the risk of getting torn apart if their work is perceived as even bordering on the critical. As a result, media outlets are under pressure to only write glowingly about stan culture, which might explain the recent article written by Joe Coscarelli for The New York Times.

Calling the previous online behaviour of stans “the stuff of legend”, Coscarelli dedicates only one paragraph to the increasingly common behaviour of stans to hound critics off the internet. “K-pop followers have been accused of harassment for piling onto critics or rivals,” Coscarelli says, delicately, skirting around the issue — look at the work being done by the word “accused”.

A few sentences later, he quotes a source who claims that stans are currently trying to “remake fandom in the eyes of the public”. Overall, Coscarelli writes as though the shift towards good has already happened.

It has not. In order to make real change to the toxic nature of stan culture, we should all try harder, stans, artists and the media. After all, such wordplay on the part of Coscarelli is not useful. Stans do harass critics. They are famous for doing so. They delight in doing so. And they delight in doing so because they believe that running certain “guilty” individuals off social media and destroying employment opportunities is a way to enact positive change.

We should be clear that it is not. And we should praise stans when they do make systemic change — when they donate money, and when they boost useful information. That’s a trend towards the positive that needs to be acknowledged. So too must we acknowledge that in the past, the behaviour of stans has been cruel, destructive, and inconsistently applied.

It’s the responsibility of the artists themselves to direct the behaviour of their fans too. Grande’s “passionate” excuse, and Tomlinson’s deliberate stoking, can no longer do. Musicians need to be aware of the massive power that they wield, and to model positive behaviour amongst their fanbases. That means being nuanced in how they talk about journalists and how they take criticism. And it means, wherever possible, rewarding good behaviour and decrying bad.

Stan armies are massive monoliths that can get things done. That means that when they decide to, they can enact real, material positive change in the world. But their size, intensity, and organisational capabilities means that they can also enact the worst kind of damage too.

Up until recently, it’s been up to the whim of stans whether they use their energy to boost a song up the charts, crash a police snitch cam, or ruin someone’s life. We should work to incentivise the positive, and call out the negative. Only then can real change occur.

This article was written under an anonymous byline in order to avoid the destructive repercussions against critics of stan culture that it outlines.As demonstrators in major cities around the country continue to gather to protest systemic racism and police brutality against the Black community, and to mourn the murders of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, Tony McDade, among countless others, an unlikely group has chimed in to offer its support: K-pop fans are collectively stanning in solidarity with protesters by fighting back against online racism and policing tactics.

By Wednesday morning (June 3), the hashtag #WhiteLivesMatter was trending on Twitter. But instead of the racist comments one would associate with the white supremacist slogan, which was coined in 2015 in opposition to the Black Lives Matter movement's protests following the killing of Michael Brown at the hands of a Ferguson police officer, the feed was dominated by colorful fan art, cartoonish memes, and joyful clips of South Korean boy bands dancing in perfect harmony. The images and fancams, or short videos of live performances, were overwhelmingly shared with captions denouncing racism and calling out police brutality.

"Queen Lalisa said racists can fuck off!" one post read, featuring a drawing of Lisa, of the popular girl group Blackpink, holding up her middle finger. Another post shared similar messaging in all-caps ("F*CK RACISTS") while declaring a bias for the industry's titanic Bangtan boys ("Stan BTS"). This tweet, like many others flooding the platform, also included the rhetorically similar hashtag #AllLivesMatter and the pro-cop #BlueLivesMatter, two other feeds that K-pop stans have since inundated.

The move came in the wake of The Show Must Be Paused, a plea to the music industry by executives Jamila Thomas and Brianna Agyemang to halt regular business operations on Tuesday (June 2) to reflect, bring attention to the issues at hand, and hold their colleagues accountable, which eventually became known as "Blackout Tuesday." Many people took the opportunity to share black squares on their social media feeds and tag #BlackLivesMatter in an effort to declare allyship; however, the action effectively flooded a feed filled with actionable items and resources from activists on the ground with dark boxes, only causing further confusion.

As Variety suggested, this inspired K-pop fans to take action, flipping the effort on its head and turning it into a tactic to bury racist messaging disseminated online. Many have since incorporated the hashtag #WhiteoutWednesday.

The mobilization followed an earlier move by K-pop fans to protect protesters in Dallas, Texas. On Sunday (May 31), after a wave of demonstrations in the city over the weekend, the Dallas Police Department asked followers via Twitter to send in "video of illegal activity from the protests" through their iWatch Dallas app. K-pop fans took notice of the initial tweet, per BuzzFeed News, flooding the app with gifs and videos. The following day, the Dallas police tweeted that "due to technical difficulties iWatch Dallas app will be down temporarily."

The Dallas Police Department's iWatch Dallas app is now back up and running, according to a statement, though it is back with a measly one-star rating, which will hinder its likelihood of appearing in searches.My introduction to the ocean of K-pop began when a friend introduced me to a Chinese drama where one of the leads is a member of a C-pop/K-pop group. After watching a few compilation videos of him with his members, I became a casual fan. But what non-fans don’t know is that the industry is so intertwined that it is impossible to not discover other groups or new idols. One of the other members eventually debuted with another group and watching his new videos introduced me to 10 other idols who were from different agencies and were in turn connected to even more idols. Before I knew it, I had already mastered multi-tasking by crying over 10 boys daily.When police departments across the country asked their Twitter followers to snitch on their neighbors by submitting information related to alleged crimes committed during the protests, K-pop fans spammed the systems in an effort to protect protestors' identities. In one instance, fans flooded the official Dallas Police Department with fancam videos of their favorite K-pop idols dancing, making it nearly impossible to parse out legitimate submissions. (Fancams are short video clips of an artist or group, usually dancing or performing, that fans share in response to unrelated social media posts as a means to promote their favorites.) They also jammed the iWatch Dallas App tipline and submitted comically low app ratings, prompting the DPD to temporarily remove the app citing “technical difficulties.”

Meanwhile, K-pop fan accounts with large followings, like BLACKPINK fan account @BPinAmerica, used their clout to promote the #BlackLivesMatter movement and urge their followers to sign petitions seeking justice for Breonna Taylor and other victims of police brutality, as well as spread awareness of protestors’ rights. On Twitter and Instagram, fans also took over right-wing hashtags like #WhiteLivesMatter and #MAGA, hijacking hateful communication channels to instead redistribute helpful, pro-Black Lives Matter resources and disrupt racist rhetoric with memes and, of course, more fancams.

Thanks to derogatory stereotypes, such as the idea that K-pop fans are Korea-fetishizing “Koreaboos” or “screaming teenage girls" — a doubly problematic, sexist stereotype that devalues teen girls’ interests and power as culture shapers — fandoms have developed a strong sense of social connectivity, as well as organizational skills. Their ostracization from the larger American pop narrative, and their subsequent support for non-white artists who are similarly marginalized in the Western entertainment industry, have made K-pop stans wizzes at taking fierce and swift collective action when duty calls.

“So much of fandom is experienced online, and that's especially true for K-pop fans who are part of such a massive and diverse global community,” explains culture writer Crystal Bell. While fans engaging with their favorite artists on social media and through fan clubs isn’t a new concept, Bell says that K-pop fans take it to the “next level in part because they play such an essential role in the advancement of their favorite artists' careers,” acting almost like a massive, well-oiled PR machine. “K-pop has always been a fan-led movement, and social media makes it a lot easier to see just how organized and savvy these fans can be, from trending names and hashtags worldwide, to organizing global streaming parties and translating Korean content into a multitude of languages." She adds, "This kind of fervent online activity and devotion also extends to charity efforts.”

Over the years, K-pop fans have displayed their ability to organize and effect change across a variety of social and humanitarian causes, from philanthropy to political activism. In August 2018, ARMYs (fans of superstar Korean music group BTS) and other K-pop fans rallied online in support of youth protests to promote better road safety standards in Bangladesh following a deadly collision. In December 2019, the Chilean government listed K-pop and its highly engaged global fanbase as one of the leading “international influences” on domestic political protests against class disparity and human rights violations. In February 2020, Korean ARMYs pooled together and donated refunds from BTS’ canceled Seoul concerts to raise support for COVID-19 relief. In June 2020, in under 24 hours BTS fans launched and surpassed a fundraiser to #MatchAMillion following the group’s $1 million donation toward Black Lives Matter.

“It's not uncommon for K-pop fandoms to organize and raise awareness around specific social issues and good causes,” Bell continues. “There's a long history of K-pop fans coming together to do good: In South Korea, fans often donate rice wreaths to local charities under the name of their favorite idols for big events like birthdays and concerts. In 2012, 2NE1 fans created a ‘2NE1 Forest’ in South Sudan by donating over 1,210 mango trees to a local village. Charity and doing good in the name of your idols and your fandom has always been a key part of K-pop fandom. It's about giving back to your community and also giving back to your idols — they do so much good for you, so of course it inspires you to do good for them. Fans want to make their favorite artists proud.”

As of 2018, there were nearly 90 million fans of Korean culture (or Hallyu, the “Korean Wave”) around the world, according to data from international polls conducted by The Korean Foundation, which is closely affiliated with the Korean Foreign Ministry. North and South America are home to an estimated 12 million fans, the second highest number of K-pop fans following Asia and Oceania’s estimated 70.6 million. The majority of K-pop stans are women, and they’re a highly globalized and diverse community, with many LGBTQ+, Black, and POC people making up the majority of its largely millennial base. As Bell adds, “it important to remember how being part of a global community expands your worldview,” something which ultimately “leads to an acute awareness of what’s going on in the world.”

“K-pop fans are much more socially aware than they get credit for,” she says. “Last year, the Chilean government singled out K-pop fans for speaking out against the carabineros [the Chilean police force] and blocking social networks, which isn’t unlike how fans recently flooded the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag with fancams and Black Lives Matter resources. We've seen how swiftly K-pop fans work together to clear the searches on Twitter and spread awareness about their [favorite band member]. In many ways, they're implementing these same tactics to bring awareness to important social issues and human rights violations.”

“I grew up in a very small East Texas town where racism is just kind of ‘normal,’” says Dallas, a.k.a. @savemeslaps on Twitter, a K-pop fan who participated in the disruption of racist hashtags and police surveillance last week. “I dealt with small prejudices being a lesbian, and when I got older I educated myself on Black issues … As a white woman, I want to use my privilege to speak up. Black people have suffered injustices for hundreds of years and the least I can do is protect them and try to teach other white people why this is all happening and why Black lives matter. I think we realized a long time ago that we can make our voices heard and I’m very happy [K-pop fandoms are] being used for something so wonderful.”

Despite the good intentions of the many fans who participated in recent online efforts to battle police brutality in the U.S., there is still much work to be done within the greater K-pop fan community with regards to internal racism and xenophobia, both of which remain active issues. Though not the experience for everyone, Black fans who criticize artists for things like cultural appropriation, for example, are still routinely silenced by some others in the fan community.

“I love that fans are actively participating in the BLM movement in various positive capacities, be it donating, spreading awareness, or, and this is the most important to me, learning about the history of racism towards Black people,” says Sara Layne, a.k.a. Young Ajummah, a KCON panelist and Korean entertainment content creator. “While I appreciate this, I also want people to understand that there is a negative side to fandoms, too. It’s difficult for people, especially Black fans, to speak up and have a different thought, opinion, or stance on things.” There is also fear of retribution for speaking out among some Black fans. One of the most threatening retaliations is doxxing, or digging up and leaking someone’s personal information — which may include their full name, home address, family members’ identities, and/or phone number.

Recently, Layne points out, a Black fan was harassed by multiple toxic fans on Twitter for voicing her criticism of BTS member Suga’s use of an audio sample of infamous cult leader Jim Jones on his solo album, D-2. “She stated that she didn't accept his apology and [some fans] tried to destroy her online ... This isn't the only time I've seen this happen [to a Black fan] but it is definitely the most alarming thing I've seen recently.” (Suga has since deleted the offending clip from the song.)

“[Fans] deal with racism and xenophobia already and I think that’s what lit that little bit of fire under them,” says Dallas. “I think the majority of us see our Black friends hurting and want to help them. Now, that’s not to say that everyone feels that way, because we do have a long way to go uplifting those Black voices. And some [fans] have tried to silence Black people during this time. But I think that what it boils down to is that as a collective, the majority of us are educated young women and we won’t stand for this bullshit.”

While there are certainly issues within the larger K-pop fandom that still need to be addressed, fans have more than proven their ability to effect positive change with their latest efforts against injustice, providing a glimmer of hope that those efforts can turn inward as well. As for burgeoning activists, what K-pop fans revealed over the past week is that digital disruption isn’t just possible in the fight for justice — it’s incredibly effective. And if the revolution is going to be soundtracked by K-pop, we’re excited to turn the volume up.Whether the kids really deserve responsibility is one question — and whether they deserve props is another one. The strategy of tricking people on the Internet, after all, looks a little too familiar.

Campaign manager Brad Parscale insists that “leftists and online trolls doing a victory lap … don’t know what they’re talking about” — because he and his employees “weed out bogus numbers,” and because first-come, first-serve entry meant ticket “reservations” were mostly a fiction. But all that weeding didn’t stop the team from predicting that 160 times more people would come out to cheer for their dearest leader than actually made the trip.

The coronavirus should probably get more credit for the lackluster attendance than radical protesters or what Parscale referred to as “apocalyptic media coverage” or Gen Z schemers, but the K-pop boosters may have helped inflate planners’ already bloated expectations for attendance.

Anyone who disapproves of the president generally and disapproves of the president holding an indoor rally in the middle of a pandemic specifically may well have gloated when the commander in chief couldn’t command a crowd. Yet the tactics young people have adopted for what some have called a new activism are neither new nor, maybe, all that admirable.

“We kept it on the quiet side,” a young YouTuber who participated in the ploy told the New York Times. “Alt TikTok,” a subculture on the app that thrives on eccentricity, apparently masterminded the effort with the K-poppers. “They all know the algorithms and how they can boost videos to get where they want.” Plus, we are told, the plotters deleted their posts after a day or two to keep the plan secret ⁠ — and off the mainstream Web.

Add to these sneaky tactics the hijacking of the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag last month to post endless K-pop fancams yet again and to stop supremacists from communicating with one another or anyone else — and what do you get? Information warfare.

Information warfare doesn’t consist only of false stories and other lies — and, in fact, platforms such as Facebook don’t usually take down networks of accounts based on whether they’re telling the truth about whatever they post. They take down networks based on whether they’re telling the truth about who they are.

These platforms are in a constant crusade against coordinated inauthentic behavior: when groups manipulate sites’ mechanics to manipulate “reality” on the Internet, misleading people into thinking comments are coming from one place or one person when really they’re coming from another, or simulating a mass movement from the grass roots when really it’s organized by a central authority.

Think Russia spreading WikiLeaks information under the guise of everyday concerned U.S. citizens. Think right-wing provocateurs masquerading as antifa as protests roared across the country, tricking rural communities to fear attacks were imminent. Or think of information warfare that isn’t technically coordinated inauthentic behavior and yet still can be insidious: conspiracy theorists taking advantage of, say, the way Twitter’s trending topics list is set up to push fringe ideas such as QAnon or Pizzagate into mainstream conversation.

Of course, these TikTokkers also weren’t lying about who they were on any social media site (which probably helps explain why Facebook’s head of security policy says their behavior doesn’t count as coordinated and inauthentic). Yet they were trying to keep their efforts off the radar, and they were playing with platforms’ viral mechanics to rise to the top, and their ultimate aim was to deceive.

We may smile to see members of a rising generation employ these tricks in service of progressive values. After all, those who pioneered them and who exploit them today often take pride in valuelessness — bowing down to chaos and crafting a world where we can believe nothing and everything at the same time. Surely it is better to troll to disrupt racism than to promote it.

Yet celebrating some manipulation and condemning others is an unsustainable tack for anyone who wants to untangle our world wide web of lies. The whole story is cute and clever, but more than that it’s sad — sad that this is the activism that feels most normal and most natural to those who grew up in the Internet age, sad that many believe it’s the activism most likely to succeed in a battlefield already full of falsehoods, and sadder still that they may be right.Online activist group Anonymous and fans of K-Pop have found an unusual allegiance as they both join in protests sweeping the US.

Anonymous became famous in the last decade for its online hacktivism as well as offline protests against everyone from the Church of Scientology to PayPal, but in recent years its media profile has dimmed somewhat. Over the last week or so, however, it has become hugely popular once again, with its posts being shared and viewed millions of times.

That resurgence has been partly because of a new commitment to support the protests against racial inequality and police brutality that have swept the US in the wake of the death of George Floyd. But it seems also to have been boosted by new supporters among fans of Korean pop music, who have boosted Anonymous posts and now seem to be runing affiliated accounts of their own.

The influx of support from K-Pop fans has been noted by one of the group's most high-profile accounts, which gave its backing to the new and unexpected allegiance while expressing some surprise that it had happened.

It also praised K-Pop fans for their online activism, which has included flooding racist hashtags with irrelevant information. "Thanks kpop stans!!!" it wrote, in response to one action.

YourAnonNews had previously expressed bemusement at the vast levels of interest in its recent tweets. It tweeted nonsense while asking people not to share it as an experiment, and those tweets continued to gain massive engagement.

Some accounts that became very popular Anonymous-affililiated accounts even seem to have begun life as K-Pop accounts. One known as AnonNews had some 120,000 followers and had been promoting information about the protests – but its "likes" showed that it had been engaging with posts about Korean pop music long before then.

The account was suspended by Twitter, which told Reuters it had taken the measure because of "spam and coordination with other spammy accounts".

"We have seen a few accounts change their profile names, photos, etc. in an attempt to visibly associate with the group and gain followers," said Twitter spokeswoman Liz Kelley.Sports Chosun reached out to 50 entertainment agency CEOs and directors to find out who are the industry’s power players right now. BTS has been voted Power People while TWICE has been voted Best Female Idol Group.

BTS has been recording milestones with every passing month. The K-Pop band, comprising of RM, Jun, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook, recently made the headlines for the jaw-dropping audience attending their recent Bang Bang Con The Live. Today, the Bangtan Boys left the ARMY gushing when they were awarded the 2020 UNICEF Inspire Award for their Love Myself campaign. While fans continue to support the band, K-Pop agencies believe that BTS is the biggest power people present in the Korean music industry.

As reported by Koreaboo, Sports Chosun celebrated their 35th anniversary. As part of their celebrations, they reached out to 50 entertainment agency CEOs and directors to find out who are the industry’s power players right now. This included Music Critic Kang Tae Kyu, JYP Entertainment, SM Entertainment, Woollim Entertainment, RBW Entertainment, Label SJ, Amoeba Culture, KQ Entertainment, Fantagio Music, MHN Entertainment, Big Hit Entertainment, YG Entertainment, THE BLACK LABEL and Maroo Entertainment.

With voting for eight categories held, each person was asked to rank their top three positions. The member/band placed first was awarded three points, the second spot would bag two points, while the third-place meant a single point.

The unanimous vote revealed BTS was placed on top of the power people category with 68. The band was followed by Lee Soo Man with 58 points and third place went to Bang Si Hyuk with 47 points. BTS also topped the Best Male Idol Group category with 141 points. Whereas, the Best Female Idol Group category was topped by TWICE while BLACKPINK came second. ZICO was voted the Best Male Soloist whereas IU was voted as the Best Female Soloist.

Check out the complete list below:

The “Power People” that move the whole industry

The Best Of K-Pop’s Future

What is your take on the listing? Let us know in the comments below.

ALSO READ: BTS' Love Myself campaign on ending violence against the youth awarded 2020 UNICEF Inspire Award

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueOne of K-pop’s visionary labels promises to help develop “the next generation K-pop artists” alongside one of Korea’s biggest entertainment conglomerates.

The new singing-competition television show I-Land premiered last week and has all the markings of creating the next sensational K-pop act. The project is being put together by Belift Lab, which is a joint venture between Big Hit Entertainment (the Korean label home to global chart-toppers BTS as well as the quickly rising Tomorrow X Together) and CJ ENM (the Korean entertainment and lifestyle company that produces everything including TV channels, movies, music, festivals, conventions and more). The show looks to create future K-pop superstars and all signs point to them doing just that after a promising premiere episode.

Read on for the five reasons why I-Land is already an exciting, breath of fresh air to the K-pop industry.

1. Big brand and band recognition: The teaming of Big Hit Entertainment and CJ ENM combines the powers two of South Korea’s biggest pop-culture brands for a rather unbeatable product. Big Hit has birthed internationally beloved acts like BTS and TXT, and now have stake in a diverse range of acts like NU’EST, GFriend and Seventeen thanks to recent investments. Meanwhile, CJ ENM’s wide business reach means they work with nearly all aspects of Korean entertainment. Putting their brands together creates a synergy that hasn’t been seen for a moment and creates a global platform for a show like I-Land.

Even just the history and access to talent that both brands have will undoubtedly create large interest for the contestants that viewers will meet on the show.

2. The concept is fresh: I-Land is more than just a TV title. The contestants who voted top performers of the week train in the gorgeous, tech-savvy I-Land space that includes facilities and resources to help them perform their best. The space was developed after three years of architectural planning and construction, according to reports. As contestants battle it out to make it into the ideal I-Land training grounds—as opposed to the more basic “Ground” level—it will create a nice change of both competitive and visual pace.

3. Experts are involved: I-Land promises expert mentoring from a near-perfect range of mentors. Not only will Bang Si-hyuk—the founder and co-CEO of Big Hit Entertainment who continues to play an instrumental part in his artist's success—act as a main producer, but he’ll be joined by one of the K-pop industry’s first international breakout stars Rain, as well as the chart-topping producer-singer Zico. The range of knowledge they bring from business, performance and production viewpoints are already impressive.

Even getting the reliable K-pop superstar IU to sing the program’s theme song “Into the I-Land” shows just how world-class their expectations are for the show.

4. There’s promising diversity: Upon meeting the I-Land competitors, viewers learned of several foreign trainees hoping to make their mark on the K-pop scene. Several of the hopefuls come from outside Korea, including contestants from America, Japan, Australia, Taiwan and Vietnam. Notably, if the 22-year-old Hanbin were to be part of a group it would make him the first K-pop idol to hail from Vietnam to further expand the definition of what it means to be a K-pop star.

Fans have already been impressed by his first performance of the show to SuperM’s “Jopping,” alongside Ni-ki, from Japan, and Nicholas, from Taiwan, making him one to watch.

5. There’s a gap in the market: Following a reckoning in the K-pop industry over scandals involving voter manipulation in popular singing competitions like Produce 101, a fresh show like I-Land gives the survival-show concept another chance to prove itself.

By having the trainees themselves involved in the voting processes, this offers an additional feeling of hopefulness that the band members will do right by one another instead of have their fates possibly at the mercy of merciless editing and production.

I-Land is available on CJ ENM’s Mnet K-Pop YouTube channel as well as Rakuten Viki.Breakfast Babble: ED’s own little space on the interwebs where we gather to discuss ideas and get pumped up for the day. We judge things too. Sometimes. Always. Whatever, call it catharsis and join in people.

Struggles against injustices often give rise to various ingenious ways to fight it and in the process, we all are tied together through a strong shared thread of common humanity, benevolence, and tranquility.

K-pop stans too supported the Black Lives Matter movement and fought against racism and ethnocentrism that still prevails in the 21st century!

Fans refuse to trend hashtags to promote their favorite idols

K-pop stans have once again proved that they are called maestros of social media for a solid reason. They vigorously support their favorite idols by trending hashtags on their comebacks or when they bag a major endorsement deal.

But Blinks (fandom name of Blackpink) refused to trend a hashtag for the release of Sour Candy, a musical collaboration between pop singer Lady Gaga and K-pop titan Blackpink.

This shows Blinks were really respectful towards the Black Lives Matter Movement and knew it would be insensitive as well as offensive to take away the spotlight from protests that sparked from the murder of George Floyd, an African American who was suffocated to death by the police in yet another instance of police brutality against the black community.

Fans urging each other to stop trending hashtags to promote their favorite idol and being vocally anti-racist is really inspiring to see.

K-pop stans proved to be an unlikely ally of the black community when they hijacked #WhiteLivesMatter trend on Twitter to drown the white supremacist posts with anti-racism messages and often fancams of their favorite idols.

This movement garnered massive support as K-pop stans all over the world joined the trending party. However, it enraged some people as they failed to understand the real mission of K-pop stans and accused them of being racist.

Read more: Bollywood Actors Voicing Support For #BlackLivesMatter And Not Indian Issues Is Hypocrisy Or Fear Of Backlash And Violence?

K-pop stars like BTS, Monsta X, and Yeri of Red Velvet grant support to BLM Movement

BTS joined K-pop boy bands Monsta X and Ateez by extending support to the Black Lives Matter movement by sharing a heartfelt message through their official Twitter handle.



 Other K-pop artists like NCT 127’s Johnny, Yeri of Red Velvet, Eric Nam, and Jay Park granted public support to the anti-racism campaign.

Got7’s Mark Tuan also made donations to the Minnesota Freedom Fund and the George Floyd Memorial Fund and Girls Generation’s Tiffany shared links of organizations for donations as well as publicly announced that she will contribute to the funds too.

Rapper CL of disbanded K-pop girl group 2NE1 wrote how directors, writers, artists, dancers, designers, stylists, and producers in K-Pop were inspired by black culture but very often did not acknowledge that. She knew that K-pop owes a lot of debt to indigenous black culture.

Fans followed the footsteps of their idols and denounced white supremacy in favor of equality and justice for all. They too made generous donations and asked their followers to do so as well.

Sometimes I do feel proud of being a part of K-pop fandom. We all got united to fight against systematic subjugation of the black community, irrespective of our nationality, religion, class or K-pop group fandom to which we belong!

This post is tagged under: George Flyod, police brutality, Kpop, fandoms, fan club, Kpop stans, trend, #blacklivesmatter, #alllivesmatter, white lives matter, alm, blm, Got7’s Mark Tuan made donations to Minnesota Freedom Fund, George Floyd Memorial Fund, anti-racism campaign, Blinks, fandom name of Blackpink, refused to trend a hashtag, release of Sour Candy, a musical collaboration between Lady Gaga and BlackpinkK-pop superstars BTS have been forced to apologise over a song featuring the voice of cult leader Jim Jones who massacred hundreds of people in 1978 by ordering them to drink poison.

The seven-piece South Korean boy band released a statement through their management company on Sunday after a torrent of social media backlash for the song 'What do you think' by Min Yoong-gi, 27, who is known by his stage names Suga and Agust D.

The song uses a muffled audio sample from a speech used by American preacher-turned cult leader Jones in Philadelphia in 1977.

The sermon was recorded one year before Jones and his inner circle directed 900 of his followers, 304 of whom were children, to drink cyanide-laced punch in a mass murder-suicide at Jonestown, his jungle temple in Guyana.

The sample says: '… though you are dead, yet you shall live, and he that liveth and believeth shall never die'.

In a statement, Agust D's managers Big Hit said: 'The spoken sound sample of a speech inserted at the beginning of What Do You Think? was selected by a producer who worked on the track for the song in consideration of the overall ambience of the song, without specific intention or awareness of the identity of the individual whose voice is featured.

'After the sound sample was selected, Big Hit proceeded with verification of the suitability of the content as per internal procedures. However, an oversight occurred during the selection and review process, and the sound sample was included in the song without awareness of its extremely inappropriate nature.

'In this instance, we did not properly identify the issue, nor did we have sufficient understanding of the historical and social backgrounds and circumstances. We apologize to anyone who experienced pain and discomfort due to our oversight.

'Big Hit removed the section immediately after identifying the issue and the track was re-released. The artist is considerably disconcerted that an issue with such gravity has occurred that he could not foresee, and feels a profound sense of responsibility.'

The track has been updated across platforms to remove Jones' sermon.

Despite the apology, some fans are convinced that the sample was chosen on purpose, the Korea Herald reported.

One BTS fan from Texas, Celeste Hollister, told the Herald: 'I don't believe that Yoongi (Suga) meant any harm in sampling that speech. Like many rappers before him, he is using an emotionally-charged speech to underscore the feeling of the song.'

'He is not endorsing Jim Jones in any way,' she added.

In 2018, BTS were under fire after one member Jimin was photographed wearing a T-shirt celebrating Korean independence from Japan.

The offending shirt featured a picture of a mushroom cloud from an atomic bomb and featured the phrase 'PATRIOTISM OURHISTORY LIBERATION KOREA' repeated multiple times.As America grapples with the outrage over another black person's death at the hands of police -- Floyd was suffocated by a Minneapolis police officer during an arrest -- the issue has gained notice around the world including in the Korean-music industry, an industry heavily inspired and influenced by black music and culture. While the first responses to the tragedy came from Korean-American and hip-hop artists, the impact has grown to many different artists using their platforms and encouraging their fans to donate, act as allies and take action in the name of Black Lives Matter. A number of K-pop acts have shared their feelings and hopes for justice on social media. See their posts and what causes they are supporting below.

Park's H1GHR Music hip-hop label announced they would be holding off on new-music releases planned for June 2-4 as part of the music industry's Black Out Tuesday. "H1GHR Music wishes for a world where all people are treated equally," the label captioned in a photo that showed their roster posing with "Black Lives Matter" posters. Legendary rapper Tiger JK quickly spoke out after the death of George Floyd, urging his followers to put pressure on Minneapolis mayor Jacob Frey via petitions and sharing updates on local Korean coverage.

Amber Liu shared that she has "been long sick of Trump constantly promoting racism. We need to stand together because our brothers & sisters of the black community are dying just for existing & no justice is being served." The singer-songwriter-producer and member of girl group f(x) shared links for ways to help the Black Lives Matter movement, words from black leaders and encouraging her followers to read a Twitter thread about racial violence from Langston League founder Erica Buddington.

Red Velvet's Yeri shared a post on her Instagram Story of the protests in America which leads to links to petitions to sign. Crush wrote on Instagram that "many artists and people around the world get so much inspiration by black culture and music including me. We have a duty to respect every race." The R&B singer-songwriter used the caption for an image that says "It is not enough to be quietly non-racist, now is the time to be vocally anti-racist." Crush also donated to the George Floyd Memorial Fund.

Tiffany Young showed her support by sharing a petition from Color of Change and tips on how to be an ally to her 8.1 million Instagram followers via her Instagram Story. pH-1, who is a part of Jay Park's H1GHR Music, said "I'm doing my best to help and support," along with his $3,000 donation Black Lives Matter via ActBlue and a link for others to help.

BM and Jiwoo of co-ed group KARD both showed their support for #BlackLivesMatter. "Black culture helped me find confidence and character," BM wrote to his Instagram followers with a link to donate to Black Lives Matter. "I fell in love with hip-hop and R&B from a very young age and it has given me character and confidence." Jiwoo shared a Korean-langauge post that explained what happened to George Floyd and a graphic by black print artist Danielle Coke. Zelo, a rapper and former member of boy band B.A.P, shared his support in both English and Korean while calling for "Justice for George Floyd."

Rapper-singer DPR Live wrote a message to fans saying he "spent the whole day yesterday reading up, learning and educating myself on the recent events taking place" before adding, "this injustice that took place not only regarding George Floyd but countless other innocent black men and women needs to stop once and for all. Right now, the black community needs more support and more awareness, both locally and globally."

Six members of girl group MOMOLAND showed solidarity with Minneapolis and #BlackLivesMatter with messages on their personal Instagram accounts. "I've always hated racism and will forever stand against it," member Ahin wrote. "This news is very upsetting but I am so proud and grateful for everyone that have stood up for this. Special thanks to our Merries [MOMOLAND's fandom name] for sharing this link." Solo star Samuel Kim shared photos from the protests in America as well as the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter on Instagram.

Singer Lee Hi shared a graphic on her Instagram Story that showed her solidarity that said "I'm not black, but I see you...I'm not black but I will fight for you." Kevin Woo, a solo singer who is a former member of boy band U-KISS, shared multiple pieces of supportive content and ways to help the Black Lives Matter movement. He also posted the 2016 speech from Zianna Oliphant, the child who spoke out against Charlotte's city leadership, on Instagram too.

Rapper-singer Miso encouraged her followers to donate and read about the Black Lives Matter movement. " I ask my followers to go to this link and sign the petitions, donate, do whatever you can," she said with a link to ways to help. "Please read into Black lives matter now if you don’t know already."Despite being out and proud, Holland has achieved success- a majority of it coming from overseas. His music video ‘Neverland’ , which features a homosexual relationship, has over 12 million views, even though it received a 19+ rating in Korea for depicting a gay kiss. He currently has over 800 thousand subscribers on his YouTube channel and a million followers on Instagram. Holland’s surplus of fans made it possible to crowdfund £80,000 to fund his first mini-album as he still isn’t financially supported by a label. To add to his success, Holland earned a top spot on the 2018 Dazed 100 list , which celebrates pioneers of modern youth culture.

Although his music falls under the Korean pop genre, it could also be described as K-Indie. It definitely doesn’t have a mainstream feel to it and feels more alternative than pop, although it includes catchy pop-style beats. His lyrics are inspired by his experience of being gay in conservative South Korea and the struggles that come with that, as well as celebrating gay love. In the video for the single ‘I’m Not Afraid’, he also features other members of the LGBT community.

This message that being gay is normal isn’t just important for South Korea but all over the world as people live in homophobic countries, societies, or families. Anyone who has ever felt like an outcast because of who they are can find solace in Holland’s music.Spend more than ten minutes on Twitter and you’ll quickly realize that K-Pop stans are everywhere. Users worldwide spend hours each day flooding viral tweets and hashtags with ‘fan-cams’: grainy, zoomed-in videos of their favorite stars, which are shared far and wide to promote Korean artists. But more recently, stans have weaponized these fan-cams against fascism. First, they flooded racist hashtags like #whiteoutwednesday, and then they crashed the Dallas Police Department’s website to stop users sending in surveillance footage of Black Lives Matter protesters.

Within weeks, the global perception of K-Pop fandoms has completely shifted: no longer are they seen as DIY Twitter Bots, now they’re hailed as powerful, anti-racist allies. Anti-Blackness within K-Pop fandoms has made headlines recently, but these conversations arrive in tandem with new reports that stans had teamed up with TikTok teens to sabotage Trump’s Tulsa rally — and that expert-level trolling has cemented the fandom's mainstream status as comrades in the fight against systemic racism. But what’s truly surprising is the insinuation that any of this is new. In reality, K-Pop has always been political.

Some of the first examples of K-Pop date back to the early 20th century, when Japanese forces colonized Korea. At the time, it was commonplace for schools and universities to ban Korean students from speaking their mother tongue; authorities even burned over 200,000 historical documents, destroying vital records of Korean culture. Music soon became a tool for resistance: when activists marched for Korean independence in 1919, they sang "Huimangga" ("Song of Hope"), sometimes credited as the first modern K-Pop song.

Since then, K-Pop has undergone countless transformations: from the heyday of ‘trot’ (a music genre once popular in Korea) stars like Lee Mi-Ja to hip-hop’s influence on Korean music throughout the 1990s, a lot has changed — but the politics remain. When Korea split in 1945, the South retained close ties to the US (which explains the Western influences of K-Pop), but music has since been used to heal rifts between North and South. For example, when North Korea launched a nuclear test blast in 2016, South Korea responded by blasting K-Pop over the border. Then in 2018, the world’s most unlikely photographs surfaced: Kim Jong-Un clapping along to a K-Pop concert starring globally-renowned girl group, Red Velvet.

Obviously, it’s not always that deep — it’s completely possible to enjoy the melodies, stars, and songs without reading through a political lens. But this fandom, in particular, has proven particularly successful in spreading awareness of causes and injustices worldwide. When student protests erupted in Chile back in 2018, hundreds of activists were allegedly beaten, abused, and raped by police. These protests escalated and expanded their focus from class disparity to police brutality, and a report identified K-Pop fans as a key driving force behind this political mobilization. According to the research, stans would “mainly focus on questioning deaths during protests, frequently mentioning human rights violations and criticizing the silence of the media, or blocking social networks.” Sound familiar?

Stories like these get buried beyond the legions of fan-cams, online drama, and stan forums, but the mainstream bemusement at K-Pop activists tends to be anchored by a sense of disbelief or surprise at youth activism. It seems we’re still tempted to write off fandoms as trivial, or stereotype them as the obsessive hobbies of high-school girls, but recent times have shown that united they can dismantle surveillance campaigns, sabotage rallies and still find time to dissect the work of their Idols.Social media has always been a powerful tool, but in the current and ongoing protests currently happening in the United States, it cannot be overstated how valuable it is for many reasons. From being able to spread information and resources to allowing protesters to connect online, Twitter and Instagram especially have become vital in allowing protesters to keep informed, connected and most importantly, safe.

It was exactly this that was the priority mission of a bunch of K-pop stans recently, who managed to crash a Dallas Police Department app. The app was developed in order for people to send in information regarding alleged crimes such as rioting and looting, and has been described by many as a “snitching” app as it encourages the community to turn in people. Dallas PD took to Twitter to announce the development of the app, but their plan was quickly thwarted thanks to K-pop stans who began to flood the app with FanCam videos (live footage videos of K-pop band members).

“If you have video of illegal activity from the protests and are trying to share it with @DallasPD, you can download it to our iWatch Dallas app. You can remain anonymous,” the Twitter account for Dallas PD wrote in a tweet, linking to the app. What followed was Twitter user @ngelwy retweeting the link and directing their followers to send in as many FanCams as possible, which consequently temporarily crashed the app.

This has happened multiple times since, with K-pop fans also finding Police issued hashtags to flood these feeds with gifs, videos and images.

Never underestimate the power of K-pop fans!

LISTEN TO NEW MUSIC HERE

TERRACE MARTIN, DENZEL CURRY, KAMASI WASHINGTON AND MORE RELEASE NEW PROTEST SONG ‘PIG FEET’

 BANDCAMP TO DONATE 100% OF SALES ON JUNE 19TH TO NAACP

PURPLE SNEAKERS STANDS IN SOLIDARITY WITH THOSE DEMANDING JUSTICE FOR SYSTEMIC RACISM AND POLICE BRUTALITY, AT HOME AND ACROSS THE WORLD.

BELOW ARE LINKS TO DONATE AND MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD. #BLACKLIVESMATTER

The Justice Fund for David Dungay Jr who died in police custody

 Free Her Justice Fund to raise funds for incarcerated Aboriginal women imprisoned for unpaid fines

 Sisters Inside, an organisation that supports criminalised women and girls, and their children, both inside and outside prison

 SIGN: Justice for George Floyd

 DONATE: Minnesota Freedom Fund to post bail for arrested protestors in the US
• There appears to be a growing effort to mass report President Trump's social media accounts on June 27.
• The idea seems to have been popularized by a video posted by TikTok user @caprhicorn, who on June 21 called on TikTok users to mass report Trump's social media accounts.
• The push comes following an effort from TikTok teens and K-pop stans to flood Trump's latest rally with false ticket request, seemingly resulting in his campaign over-estimating attendance.

TikTok teens and K-pop stans were largely credited with trolling President Trump's campaign rally in Tulsa by reserving tickets en masse with no intention to attend. It seems that the next collective stunt may be mass reporting the President's social media accounts on June 27.

A TikTok from user @caprhicorn seems to have publicized the idea and organized a specific time for the mass reporting to take place. Published on June 21, the video, which currently has over 450,000 likes and approximately 1.2. million views on TikTok, calls on fellow TikTokers to mass report Trump's social media accounts at 4:00 pm on June 27.

"Itll send a message that were fed up on his public, verified vent account, and itll sting him that he got duped by Gen Z again," the text of the TikTok reads.

The TikTok quickly spread on the app itself, with people coyly dueting it — "I duetted this by accident while making a sandwich," the caption on one duet video reads — asking others to promote it. A video from @grubbygrouper, who has over 34,000 followers on TikTok, replying to a comment echoing the sentiment also went somewhat viral, racking up approximately 700,200 views and 168,000 likes.

@caprhicorn — a.k.a 19-year-old Rhiannon ODonnell — told Insider that she got the idea for the mass report after seeing Trump's tweets about COVID-19 and the Black Lives Matter movement.

"It sounded like the ramblings of an old man who doesn't really know what he's talking about," she said.

Chatter about the potential event has also spread over to Twitter, including to certain K-pop fans who appear to be trying to spread the word to the rest of their fandoms, while others have called explicitly for people to spread the information to K-pop stans. ODonnell said that she had seen a significant number of comments on her video asking for K-pop fans to get involved.

A follow-up TikTok to ODonnell's original video outlined the strategy, telling people to report Trump's Twitter account for "abusive and hateful content as well as not being interested in the account" and his Instagram account for "hate speech and violent organizations."

Mass reporting isn't a new tactic. In 2018, Into reported on people targeted trans users by mass reporting tweets that used the acronym "TERF," which stands for trans-exclusionary radical feminist. Mass reporting can lead to users being suspended or subject to account restrictions. BuzzFeed News' Katie Notopoulos recounted in 2017 how trolls locked her Twitter account for 10 days by mass reporting one of her old tweets. The tactic is deployed in fandom spaces as well.

It's unclear what consequences there will be if people do mass report the President's accounts on Twitter and Instagram this Saturday. Twitter recently flagged one of his tweets for "glorifying violence" and labeled a video he posted as "manipulated media" before removing it, citing copyright concerns. As ODonnnell's original TikTok video promoting the effort said, the reporting seems to be more about sending a message and trolling the President himself rather than attempting to extract any other form of justice. ODonnell told Insider that the goal isn't necessarily to ban the account.

"The people are fed up with [Trump] already with what he's been doing to minority groups and how he's affecting everyday life, and the people will do anything to get that message across," ODonnell said.

TikTok teens and K-pop stans have been in the limelight recently for actions trolling Trump's 2020 presidential campaign, spamming people using racist hashtags, and flooding police apps. It's worth noting that recent actions to mass-reserve tickets to Trump's Tulsa rally began with Mary Jo Laupp, a "TikTok Grandma" who posted a video on June 12 telling people how to reserve free tickets, though TikTok teens and K-pop stans were largely the ones lauded for the trend.

"Gen Z's online presence is massive, and the fact that we're using the platforms we have to spread awareness about issues is genuinely amazing," ODonnell said, also saying that she plans to continue using her platform (she now has over 11,000 followers on TikTok) to speak about injustice and inequality. "I'm incredibly proud of my generation, and I am so proud of us for uniting to fight for equal rights for all people!"
• Trump officials are anonymously admitting that TikTokers and K-pop fans likely helped tank his Tulsa rally, despite vigorously denying it in public
• K-pop stans have been heralded as digital heroes for fighting racists online, but Black fans are still getting left out of the conversation
• Trump says a million people have requested tickets to his Tulsa rally, but it could just be because TikTok users are trolling himIt doesn’t matter how old you are: fancy dress parties never get stale. Hong Kong influencer Feiping Chang celebrated her birthday with husband Lincoln Li by her side at a K-pop-themed extravaganza filled with glittery costumes, over-the-top hairdos and catchy singalongs last month.

Hosted by friends Jonathan Cheung and Calvin Wang, the city’s it-crowd turned up in full force; Victoria Tang-Owen, Arne Eggers, René Chu, Eleanor Lam, Harris Chan and Tiffany Chan all dressed to impress in their zaniest pop-idol attire.

See also: Inside Ruth Chao's Intimate Birthday Dinner at AmberKATHMNADU: Singer-songwriter and American Idol judge Katy Perry expressed her love for almost everything South Korean, from the food to the culture to K-pop, which she finds “catchy”.

In a Zoom interview for Yonhap News Agency’s Korea Now, Perry reveals that she had the best time when she was in South Korea two years ago and called Koreans “cool culture”.

With BTS and other Korean artistes dominating Billboard charts and winning music awards, the ariste shared her thoughts on the recent K-pop trend in American pop market.

She finds it “amazing to see a different culture come in and fit right in. I like that we’re all kind of meshing together and becoming bit of a one world”.

Calling this “cool and interesting”, Perry goes on to state, “I think it’s an interesting time for music and I like that K-pop is a part of it.”

“The (K-pop) music is so catchy,” she says in the video. “… like it’s such an earworm. So I can understand why people want to listen to it over and over again.”

Perry was at the receiving end of ARMY backlash when she insinuated that BTS fans were mostly young children at the Jingle Ball 2019.

She has also revealed her love for Korean food, especially the Korean barbecue as “I went to one of those places where you grill your own (food)”.

In the video she says, “I just love the culture, it’s so cool.”

And she goes on to say, “The people in Seoul, and the young people love music … It’s just that you’re a cool culture.”

Perry also reveals that she visited the Dimilitarised Zone (DMZ) — border between the North and South Koreas.

“That was wild experience … to be so close and to have a better understanding of what you guys went through and deal with every single day.”

Perry is expecting her first child with Hollywood star Orlando Bloom. Her sixth album will be out on August 14. The lead single Daisies was released on May 15.

Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookPETALING JAYA, June 5 — Chinese singer and actor Lu Han has ignited controversy after he was spotted in public wearing a denim vest with the Arabic text spelling out the syahadah, the Islamic declaration of faith, printed on it.

Photos of the former Exo member in the offending outfit made the rounds online on June 2 and angered his Muslim fans, sparking accusations that he and his stylist had appropriated the sacred text for fashion purposes without being aware of its significance.

“That isn’t just some Arabic writing, it’s the shahada and you, a non-Muslim, don’t understand how offensive it is to wear that as an accessory,” wrote one Twitter user.

“I’m so disappointed and upset that Lu Han wore the shahada as an accessory. My religion is NOT an aesthetic,” said another.

The syahadah, or shahada is a profession of belief in Allah and Prophet Muhammad as his messenger and is one of the five pillars of Islam.

To add insult to the injury, Twitter users said it was ironic that Lu Han was openly wearing the sacred text during an event in China where Uighur Muslims have reportedly faced decades of religious persecution.

“There is a Muslim genocide occurring in China but Lu Han here wants to make our religion (into) fashion.

“This is textbook cultural appropriation to an extreme,” read a tweet which has garnered more than 6,500 likes so far.

Many of Lu Han’s fans have written to him and his label Luhan Studio to demand an apology over the matter.

There has been no response from Lu Han or his management as of June 5.Which Song From Stray Kids' "GO LIVE" Should You Hear Based On The K-Pop Songs You Pick?

Should you listen to "God's Menu" or "Phobia?"In a powerful statement on her Instagram, 2NE1’s CL encouraged the K-pop industry to acknowledge the influence of Black artists and stand in solidarity with Black Lives Matter. The rapper took to her Instagram on Thursday, June 4, to share a post in which she explained how Black musicians, including Destiny’s Child and Lauryn Hill, have influenced her as an artist.

“The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill was the first album my dad bought me. Beyoncé’s Dangerously in Love was the first CD I bought for myself,” CL wrote. “Janet Jackson taught me the power of movement of dance and expression. Missy Elliott is why I am so obsessed with my video visuals. Lil’ Kim was one of fashion’s pioneers that taught me how to be fearless in how I tell stories through clothes…Aaliyah is the reason why I still wear baggy pants and combat boots on stage.”

CL, who also expressed her love for Whitney Houston, went on to note that 2NE1, the K-pop girl group she was with from 2009 to 2016, was also inspired by two all-Black female bands, Destiny’s Child and TLC. “Some of the biggest inspirations for 2ne1 were DESTINY’s CHILD and TLC,” CL wrote.

At the end of her post, CL called for the K-pop industry, as well as K-pop fans, to recognize the influence of Black artists and Black-created music on the industry. “Artists, directors, writers, dancers, designers, producers, stylists in the K-POP industry are all inspired by black culture whether they acknowledge it or not,” she wrote. I would like to encourage all the K-Pop fans to give back and show their love and support for all that we have received from Black artists.”

CL finished her post by encouraging K-pop fans and Asians to educate themselves about the systemic racial violence and discrimination that Black people face across the world. The rapper, who wrote her statement in both Korean and English, ended the post with the hashtags #BlackLivesMatter and #Solidarity.

“I want to explain to all the K-pop fans, fellow asians, and non-Americans who feel like they have little or no connection to what’s happening that we all are connected at the end of the day,” she wrote. “And don’t we, Asians living abroad, also face enough racism to the point where we are number and sick of it? We must stand up together as one helping them fight for justice. It’s never too late. Let’s send them love and support by caring, elevating black voices, educating ourselves, and bringing awareness to people around you.”

CL’s statement comes after other K-pop artists, including BTS , have announced their support of Black Lives Matter. The rapper’s post also comes after hundreds of thousands of people across the world marched in protest of police brutality and systemic racial violence and discrimination in the past week. The marches were in the wake of the murder of George Floyd, a 46-year-old unarmed Black man who was killed by a white police officer on May 26. Floyd died after the officer, Derek Chauvin, placed his knee on his neck for nine minutes. Chauvin has since been arrested and charged with second-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter. Three other officers, Tou Thao, J. Alexander Kueng and Thomas Lane, who were present and did nothing to prevent Floyd’s death were also arrested and charged with aiding and abetting murder.Summer is heating up in the K-pop world, with a number of high-profile releases on their way.

Not only do Blackpink and BTS have new music out in June and July, respectively, but K-pop lovers can also expect some new bops from Seventeen, GFRIEND, MAMAMOO's Hwasa and more.Fans cheer as K-pop group BTS performs in Central Park, New York City, in May 2019. Photo: AFPK-pop idols are known for being fit and having enviable bodies. Here are the workout routines from some for your favourite Korean idols.

The world has become enamoured with K-pop. You may not fully understand the lyrics, but the beautifully toned body sprinkled atop immeasurable talent makes them an inspiration to many. K-pop stars not only impress people with their singing and dancing, but also with their fit bodies.

Even while on the road, K-pop idols stay healthy and fit. What are the workout routines of some of the K-pop idols? Well, there isn’t one. Many K-pop idols try to incorporate different kinds of workouts in their busy schedules. From BTS’s Jungkook to BLACKPINK’s Lisa, each K-pop idol has a different workout routine that they try to squeeze in their daily life as much as they can.

Here is some inspiration to kickstart your workout in K-pop style.

For the most popular boy group in the world, they need to be in top shape to be able to fulfil all the commitments. Jungkook, for example, loves to workout. Reportedly, the maknae does squats, push-ups, planks, mountain climbers, burpees, crunches, Superman, leg raises, jump squats, and pike push-ups to stay in shape.

Working out with a buddy is one of the best ways to work out. Check out DK and Seungkwan bonding over exercise in the video below. They do side planks, burpees, lying down bicycle, mountain climbers, crunches, walkouts, push-ups, squats and its variations.

In an interview with Cosmopolitan, Jennie said that her go-to workout is fly yoga and she likes Pilates too. Rose is also a stern follower of Pilates. Lisa, on the other hand, doesn’t like to workout but loves to dance every chance she gets. Jisoo also relies on her dance practices to stay fit.

One of three Japanese performers in Twice, Momo is known for her dance moves and toned abs. The secret to her abs is twist planks and sit-ups, she revealed on MTV’s The Show.

Lee Ji-Eun aka IU swears by aerobics to keep her body in shape. She does aerobics for an hour and follows a diet plan, she said on an episode of KBS Happy Together. Push-ups, jogging, running, walking up the stairs and rope skipping are some of the exercises she does every day.

ALSO READ: Have chubby cheeks? Follow this 5 min workout for chiselled jawline

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueTwitter users can say for sure that the fan bases of K-pop idols are possibly the key to world domination. Also known as K-stans, they are known for their aggressive tweeting behavior and their ability to turn a hashtag into a worldwide trend in the blink of an eye.

Instead of trending hashtags in celebration of their idols' music chart wins, the Twitter community is seeing an entirely different side of K-stans, as they channel their strength in numbers to support #BlackLivesMatter. The resurgence of the hashtag on Twitter was sparked by the death of George Floyd.

BTS fanclub OneInAnArmy demonstrated their collective prowess by raising over $1 million within 24 hours, to match the amount donated by BTS and Big Hit Entertainment in support of the Black Lives Matter movement. An part of the Match a Million campaign, they are currently striving to hit a $2 million donation target.

While the likes of BLACKPINK, NCT127, and Stray Kids are slated to make their comebacks in June, their fans have decided to postpone all celebrations this month to express their sensitivity and solidarity towards the situation surrounding Floyd's death.

BTS ARMY and other fanbases have also called off their monthly 'Selca Day', in which fans post a similar-looking selfie of themselves alongside a selfie of their idol.

It was also reported that K-stans crashed the Dallas Police Department's iWatch Dallas application with the massive numbers of fancams videos they uploaded onto the platform. The uproar was in response to iWatch Dallas being intrusive in the collection of personal data.

K-stans also took the chance to bombard #WhiteLivesMatter on Twitter with fancams and photos of their idols in a bid to call out racist Twitter users.

Aside from K-stans, K-pop idols have also voiced out regarding the movement, with Jay Park donating $10,000 to the Black Lives Matter Network and MOMOLAND's members sharing the hashtags on their personal accounts. Amber Liu had also postponed her livestream on Twitch last Tuesday in support of Blackout Tuesday, despite her latest single being released a week ago.Over the past couple of days, hashtags like #whiteoutwednesday, #whitelifematters, and #alllivesmatter have soared to the top of the trending list. Many users were shocked to see these hashtags rise to the top – until they clicked into them. After exploring the tags, it becomes clear that many of the posts are attempts to hijack the trend by an army of K-pop, or Korean pop music stans.

Stan culture is not new, and neither are “fancams,” the 30-second videos that K-pop stans create of their favorite singers dancing and singing. Many times, users share fancams on posts that have nothing to do with K-pop bands or music at all. In the past, it was an attempt to draw attention to groups like BTS, which is generally known as the world’s largest boyband. Lately, the posts have been made with no intent to draw attention, but instead to drown out the users planning to use the hashtags to make racist and vulgar posts in an attempt to discount the Black Lives Matter movement.

It all started with a tweet from the Dallas Police Department in Texas, prompting readers to share any videos of illegal activity from the protests in town via the iWatch Dallas app. Twitter user @YGSHIT was among the first to make the call to other stans to “FLOOD” the app with fancams in order to overload the system and prevent/delay any investigation.

Less than 24 hours later, the app had crashed and the Dallas Police Department announced “technical difficulties,” later releasing a statement about a “temporary interruption in service.” While this was a victory for K-pop stans, it was only the beginning of their work. fan accounts with large followings began to target other upload portals, like those from the Grand Rapids Police Department and the FBI.

After they had accomplished their goal of overrunning these portals with fan compiled videos, they resumed their work targetting popular Twitter hashtags. This time, however, they didn’t just reply to the top few posts, as usual. Instead, they completely dominated hashtags like #whitelifematters, making genuine posts hard, if not impossible, to find.

By early Wednesday, #WhiteLivesMatter was the third trending topic thanks to the work of these stan accounts. The trend continued as new tags emerged, spreading to Instagram on tags like #whiteoutwednesday. The effort did not go unnoticed, especially by BTS themselves, who tweeted “You, I and we all have the right to be respected. We will stand together.”

The band also announced that they were donating $1 million to Black Lives Matter. Fan-based charity “One In An ARMY” launched a fundraising campaign, using #MatchAMillion, with the goal of matching the band’s original donation. The group has now exceeded the original donation, according to the tracker on their website, which shows a total of $1,251,000 at the time this article was released."I wanna big house, big cars and big rings, but sasil-eun I dun have any big dreams," sang K-Pop boyband Bangtan Boys popularly known as BTS in their debut song 'No More Dream' in 2013.

Seven years later, BTS is a global icon, and their dream is only getting bigger. K-Pop is a global sensation today. Big Bang were pioneers in expanding their reach of K-Pop outside of South Korea, but BTS really redefined the way the world perceived K-Pop.

And no, it's not just stans speaking, now there's a Harvard Business School paper backing it up.

Titled, "Big Hit Entertainment and Blockbuster Band BTS: K-Pop Goes Global," and authored by Anita Elberse and Lizzy Woodham, talks about the rise and rise of BTS to global standards.

The paper, which is available online, talks about how "since their debut in 2013, BTS had gained millions of devoted fans around the world who had proudly adopted the moniker ‘ARMY,’ while BTS’s band members— J-hope, Jimin, Jin, Jung Kook, RM, SUGA, and V—had become genuine superstars."

The paper notes that the band, who sing and rap mostly in Korean, inspire the kind of global cultural influence that has people often comparing them to The Beatles.

BTS was launched by BigHit Entertainment, which before BTS, didn't have a record of making superstars.

The paper also talks about how the K-pop industry was dominated by the ‘Big Three’: SM, YG, and JYP, all of which had a track record, established over multiple decades, of creating and launching successful idol acts. Big Three idols tended to dominate the charts.

However, it was BTS launched from a relatively smaller production house which set the international benchmark.

The paper goes into details of BigHit's financial records, and has inputs from Bang Si-Hyuk, aka Hitman Bang, proving why BTS is the global sensation it is.

The paper also notes the kind of impact BTS has had on South Korea's economy. Last year, BTS accounted for an estimated $4.65 billion of South Korea's GDP. The estimate is now at $4.9 billion which is more than the contribution of South Korea's national airline Korean Air.

One of the authors posted the news of the paper on Twitter.

And ARMY (BTS's fandom) was here for it. They finally had legitimate backing to the group they had decided to stan for seven years and had spent a considerate amount of time convincing others that this band really would reach new heights.

The review is perhaps timely - it comes at a time when the Big 3's are expanding across the world, following BigHit's model. SM has NCT (Neo Culture Technology), which aims to be a 'global' brand, with a unit purely based in China, and other groups who are trying to expand their global footprint worldwide.

BTS was undermined when it first released, but the hard work and constantly continuing to make good music has perhaps finally paid off. BTS is getting the recognition it deserved, and not just from fans.

In BTS's own words, "You can't stop me loving myself."The basic answer is that their videos are more complex. They have more setups and budget, sure, but in these videos, Josh Olufemii goes through the details to show what they do with regards to color, contrast, lighting, depth, and composition.

I don't shoot music videos, but the way they create the sense of depth in a frame, and doing this by using lights was a great refresher. Building contrast by using two "opposing" colors is something I will try in my next projects. Match cuts, the transition where the one piece of footage matches the previous one so the viewer sees a change without the jarring effect of a regular cut. It can be used in any video project. It doesn't have to be done with people in the shot. It can be of shapes, lines, or colors. Going out to find these types of shots is a fun process, and can even open you up to looking at things in a different way.

Here is another video by Olufemii where he discusses how KPOP is changing music videos and I do think he's on to something. I am not considering using digital retouching of skin and faces to artificially enhance the people in the video, as I think the real person is what I consider as being beautiful and more than significant enough. Thinking in this way is due to my culture influencing me. I've always thought of video as being the real thing, a true representation. This hasn't been true for a long time now, and it's me resisting change. These two videos might change that for me.

Will you be influenced by KPOP, or are you satisfied with what you and your cultural references have given you as toolkit?While ideally, this year would have been earmarked by K-pop rendezvous, the lockdown has forced many to lock t...

The global popularity of South Korean culture, often known as the Korean wave , is quite prevalent in Chennai, thanks to the growing number of K-pop fans in the city. While ideally, this year would have been earmarked by K-pop rendezvous, the lockdown has forced many to lock their talent indoors. However, in the past few days, Chennaiites channeled their fandom through a virtual dance-off. 

Conducted by the Consulate General of the Republic of Korea in Chennai, the dance competition was a way to engage with the K-pop fans during the lockdown. Hong-yup Lee, the Deputy Consul General, tells us, “This year, the Consulate had fantastic events lined up in Chennai. But due to the lockdown and social distancing, we now count on social media to depict our K-culture.” 

For Jeongyeon Choi , an 11-year-old South Korean from the city, the competition was a fun nod to her culture. “I am naturally a huge fan of K-pop,” laughs Jeongyeon, who was one of the two winners of the competition. “I have not been out for months because of this lockdown. My mom saw this activity and asked me to participate in the event. This was also a nice memory to make with my family,” she adds. 

Rhea, a medical student and vlogger from the city, is a regular at K-pop events and fan meet-ups in the city. And for her, the event was more about the feeling of being one with the community than winning. “I was drawn to K-pop around four years ago, when I was preparing for my NEET exams. I had logged off all social media accounts, except for YouTube. That is when I discovered K-pop, which ended up being a positive break for me,” Rhea recollects. 

The fan culture of K-pop goes much beyond good taste in music and dance, she adds. Iconic K-pop group BTS recently donated $1 million to the official charity funds of the Black Lives Matter movement. Within 24 hours of the announcement, fandoms of the boy band became a surprising ally and matched the donation on Twitter. “Things like this make the K-pop fandom extremely interesting,” Rhea notes. 

K-pop is a part of Korean culture, a culture that is known for its love for family, adds the Deputy Consul General. “I believe that is the reason why young Chennaiites like K-pop rather than American or British music,” he says. 

This was also why IT professional Nara got hooked to K-pop. “But my interest stemmed from K-dramas, which have brilliant stories to tell,” she adds.K-pop reality show Produce 101 was found guilty of vote-rigging and saw the series director, Ahn Joon-young, get a two-year prison term and a fine of US$30,000.Seventeen is a 13-member boy band. They garnered a lot of attention early on for their upbeat, funky singles. Woozi and Hoshi in particular have gained renown, with each writing some of the group’s most popular songs and the latter also choreographing for the team. The band is divided into three sub-units, each with a different area of specialization: 'Hip-Hop Unit', 'Vocal Unit', and 'Performance Unit'.That’s the first thing you see in Hope O’Brien’s bedroom in Chandler. The posters, juxtaposed against white walls covered by splattered paint, poignantly gaze at whoever comes in.

“I probably have upward of 30 Korean men on my walls,” O’Brien says.

Each wall is plastered with posters, primarily of icons of Korean pop, also known as K-pop.

This includes the K-pop boy band BTS, her favorite band. She has tacked photocards of the band members, with blue, purple, and orange hair, who smile unwaveringly beside her bed.

Twenty K-pop albums are neatly stacked in her cubby area. O’Brien has every release by BTS on CD, including four versions of the band’s latest album, “Map of the Soul: 7.”

More mementos such as keychains, banners, wristbands and lightsticks clutter the room. A basket filled to the brim with merchandise, such as photocards, cup sleeves and stickers, sits next to her desk. Each item from a different K-pop-themed event created by and for fans in the Valley.

The ASU student has been a K-pop fan since 2017. Within that time, she’s spent over $5,000 to satisfy her K-pop appetite. In the last year, she’s forked over $1,500 on concert tickets. Once, it took her four days straight on her laptop to get tickets to BTS’ concerts at Rose Bowl Stadium in Pasadena.

That concert was postponed amid the COVID-19 outbreak, just as girl group (G)-Idle was set to perform in the Valley on April 19. It, too, will be rescheduled.

But even with postponed concerts, the Arizona K-pop community is stronger than ever.

It all began with BTS

Initially, O’Brien disliked K-pop. She often made fun of those who listened to this style and thought alternative music was meant for her. It was not until high school when a friend finally wore her down.

“I thought, ‘OK, I’ll watch one music video,’ and of course it was ‘Spring Day,’” she says.

“I am a literature nerd, and when I found out this song was connected to one of my favorite short stories (‘The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas’), I was hooked from there,” she says.

One video led to another and then another. She spiraled into K-pop. She spent hours on end watching music videos and learning more about these BTS boys she has come to love dearly. BTS was O’Brien’s first K-pop love, but now she’s addicted to 10 boy bands and listens to many more. She has over 396 songs on her daily playlist.

For O’Brien, K-pop is much more than elaborate dances, catchy beats and breathtaking visuals.

This music has given her something she always wanted—a community.

K-pop originated in South Korea and was heavily influenced by the music of American troops stationed in the country during and after the Korean War. In 1957, the American Forces Korea Network radio broadcasted Western pop music, increasing the genre’s popularity. It was from there Korean music began to adapt and change to fit the mold of the American style.

South Korea was impoverished by the war, and one way for Koreans to earn money was by performing for the American troops. Clubs dedicated to musical entertainment rose in number, as did the South Korean economy. This momentum would only grow throughout the years.

By the 1990s, the genre was still booming, but it needed an update. In 1995, South Korean producer Lee Soo-man, who was educated in the United States and knew of its musical trends, founded his own entertainment company to shift the focus of the K-pop industry toward teen-centered pop music.

Boy and girl idol bands began to infiltrate the scene, targeting a young under-30 market.

H.O.T., an acronym for Highfive of Teenagers, the first boy band, had its debut in 1996. H.O.T. set the trend of forward-thinking fashion, upbeat melodies and energetic dances.

With the 1997 Asian financial crisis, K-pop idol groups began to look toward international markets, including the United States. By the beginning of the 21st century, there was a tide of Hallyu, or Korean Wave, stars. TVXQ brought forth this second coming of idols, which included SHINee, Big Bang and Girls’ Generation, catapulting this music onto the Billboard charts.

Despite its growing popularity, K-pop did not hit American mainstream until 2012 with the viral success of PSY’s “Gangnam Style,” which is the first YouTube video to reach 1 billion views. There had been several attempts to fully break into the Western music scene by K-pop artists, but none proved to be successful until 2017.

BTS, also known as the Bangtan Boys, was the first K-pop act to win a Billboard Music Award. The group’s performance of “DNA” at the American Music Awards was the first stage by a K-pop artist, helping the song peak at No. 67 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Since then, BTS has sold out stadium tours across the United States and has performed on various shows including Stephen Colbert and Dick Clark’s Rockin’ New Year’s Eve. The band performed this year at the Grammy Awards with Lil Nas X and in 2019, its album, “Love Yourself: Tear,” was nominated for a Grammy.

The band’s collaboration of “Old Town Road” with Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus brought even more attention, capitulating BTS further into the American music scene having reached 18.7 million viewers.

According to Billboard, BTS’s agency, Big Hit Entertainment, is valued at over $1 billion, as of 2019. By 2017, the K-pop industry itself was worth $5 billion.

Like O’Brien, Diana Franco was introduced to K-pop by a fan, in this case Franco’s big sister, Yesenia. Franco, of Tucson, recalled listening to the boy group Big Bang with her sister and becoming intrigued.

As she got older and more involved in other groups’ fandoms, Franco found a way to incorporate another passion into her newfound one—art.

“I loved to draw,” she explains. However, Franco, riddled with self-doubt, never showed off her art. It was not until she joined the K-pop community that she decided to take a chance.

Franco began collecting K-pop pins designed by fans after seeing BTS at the Rose Bowl in 2019. She began to design enamel pins herself and sell them online and at fan events. She was 16.

Once she received parental approval, Franco created her first pin based on the song “Mikrokosmos” by BTS. Her company is called “MoonchildChimChim” and she sells on Etsy, BigCartel and at fan events.

Without K-pop, Franco says she would not have been able to come out of her shell. It allowed her to form a business, express her creativity and connect with an American K-pop fan community.

O’Brien has followed a similar path, but in her case by way of poetry. She fell in love with the written word in English class when she was in grammar school. Since then, she has written many more poems. The most recent poems are based on BTS and their songs.

O’Brien’s twitter hashtag, #PoemsForArmy, allows fans to message her to get personalized poems and positive affirmations — which most of the time relate to BTS.

“Creating these poems forced me to grow and expand my ability to write,” she said, and “brought inspiration back into my writing.”

In addition, O’Brien has written a book on Wattpad, called “The Theory of BTS.” It has been viewed nearly 600 times and she continues to update it whenever BTS posts new music.

First store of its kind

Kristine Luengas, a student at Grand Canyon University who resides in Goodyear, operates a popular and well-known store—KPOP Arizona—with the help of her family.

She said she and her younger sister constantly listened to K-pop, with a focus on BTS.

On February 23, the store hosted a launch party for its online store at a park in Goodyear. About 100 people attended, even though the launch party had to be rescheduled due to rain.

“We expected hardly anybody to come out,” Luengas said. “When we saw the amount of people that came, it really showed us that no matter what there will always be people in the K-pop community support you as long as you treat them with the respect they deserve.”

Other vendors, including Franco, and attendees ate homemade BTS-themed desserts, danced, sung, and simply gathered from across the state for their shared love of K-pop.

Even with the COVID-19 pandemic, online K-pop commerce is thriving. But, KPOP Arizona has had to adjust to the recent changes in regard to their shipping and handling.

“We do receive all our products straight from South Korea so shipping has been slower than usual and right now we can’t unbox everything as soon as it’s received,” Luengas explains.

“The boxes that we get have to be sprayed down with a disinfectant and sit in the sun for four hours.”

You never walk alone

Maddie Alonzo, of Mesa, found the genre during a low point in her life. At a birthday party, one of her friends sat Alonzo down to watch hours’ worth of K-pop content.

“It was then that I saw how beautiful and complex the K-pop industry is,” she says.

Fans often note K-pop is an icebreaker that takes them out of their comfort zone that helps them meet new people.

“With BTS specifically, I have been able to meet such wonderful people that will be lifelong friends,” Alonzo says.

This is how it works: O’Brien and Julie Nguyen were school friends who later bonded over K-pop. Nguyen and Alonzo struck up a friendship on the ASU shuttle after Nguyen noticed Alonzo’s K-pop photocard on her phone case. Now, O’Brien, Alonzo and Nguyen are friends, and created their own fan club.

In a time when coronavirus is causing worldwide chaos, the K-pop community remains strong. Many recent fan events were postponed, including KPOP Arizona’s pop-up set for April 18.

K-pop bands and solo artists are also using their platforms to connect with fans.

BTS created a YouTube video as a reminder to stay strong during this time, thanking doctors and medical staff for their effort in fighting the virus. The group emphasized the importance of taking preventative measures to ensure the fans can see them quickly.

“Standing on a stage facing empty seats, we realize how each moment with you was,” member Kim Seokjin says.

(G)-Idle, alongside the boy group Monsta X, is scheduled to appear in Phoenix during the summer. They participated in Twitch’s “Stream Aid.” Donations from the 12-hour online program went toward the COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund for the World Health Organization.

From April 17 to 18, BTS livestreamed its previous concerts and fanmeets (musters) from 2014 to 2019 as a free gift.

BANG BANG CON was set up in response to the group’s postponed worldwide tour which was supposed to start in April. Fans were even encouraged to sync their lightsticks to the Weverse app, which utilized Bluetooth to change the lightsticks color and sync with whatever song was being performed during the stream.

Throughout the stream, many fans commented praise toward the member of BTS for their hard work and dedication that helps fans feel connected during this difficult time.

On March 30, BTS took part in a televised concert event called “Homefest,” organized by late night host James Corden. The group performed its single, “Boy with Luv” hoping, it said, to raise spirits in a dark world.

“I was really bummed about the concerts being pushed back and this virus, but then hearing RM [BTS’s leader] say we are still connected made me feel less alone,” O’Brien says.Fans know her as the high note-hitting talent of South Korea’s most successful pop group. The world knows her as a member of the most-subscribed music group on YouTube, its music video “Ddu-Du Ddu-Du” the most-viewed of any K-pop groups on the social media channel. Rose Blackpink is now one of the world’s most successful pop stars, with a new single with Blackpink “How You Like That” dropping today, a full comeback album later in 2020, and another solo release soon after.

More success is in the charts for Rose Blackpink, but where did it all begin?

The vocalist was born in Auckland, New Zealand and spent her childhood in Melbourne, Australia. As Eton College maketh Prime Ministers, Hanlim Multi Art produces K-idols, schools play an influential role in any child’s development, including Roseanne Park.

Here are four things you probably didn’t know about Rose Blackpink’s school, the Canterbury Girls Secondary School in Melbourne:

Established in 1928 as East Camberwell Girls’ School, the school survived through World War Two and adopted several name changes. In 1961, the name Canterbury Girls’ High School was adopted. Nearly three decades later, the name was changed to Canterbury Girls’ Secondary College in line with government policy.

The school’s motto is “Fervet Opus”. This appears on the College’s blazer pocket and means working diligently — an early indication of the hard work she would endure as a K-pop idol in the future?

According to the South China Morning Post, Rose studied law at the Canterbury Girls’ Secondary College in Melbourne before she attended an audition in Australia for South Korean record label YG Entertainment and emerged first. She signed with the label two months after, moved to Seoul and rest is history.

Speaking to Sydney Morning Herald, Rose said music was a mere hobby for her growing up in Australia.

“In Australia, I didn’t think that there was much of a chance for me to become a singer — especially to become a K-pop star … I was living so far from the country that it never really occurred to me as a possibility,” the singer said.

It is only one of five government girls’ schools in Victoria.

Some of the benefits of attending an all-girls’ school include a higher likelihood of not dropping out and improved student achievement.

According to research by Professor Cornelius Riordan of Providence College, there could be several reasons behind this better academic outcome, such as strong role models, reduced stereotypes in curriculum and classroom interaction, and an abundance of leadership opportunities.

The school is alma mater to Suzanne Cory, one of Australia’s most distinguished molecular biologists.

Her work on the genetics of the immune system and cancer has had a major impact in the fields of immunology and cancer. She sits on the Australian National University’s Honorary Degrees Committee, which advises the Council, the Academic Board and the Vice-Chancellor.

4. It has a programme for international students

According to the College’s website, the International Student Program “expands students’ awareness of other cultures and in doing so enriches us as well as providing international students with an understanding of Australian life.”

“The broad co-curricular program provides many opportunities for all students to interact with each other beyond the classroom. In doing so, relationships and understanding are strengthened.”

The Program only accepts international students for Years 10 to 12 with a high level of English proficiency and with an approved relative to provide accommodation, welfare and arrival support.

Liked this? Then you’ll love…

Here’s where Jennie Blackpink went to international school

From college to K-pop stardom: How education helped these multi-talented performersFrom their raunchy and raw fashion choices to wearing blackface to sing Bruno Mars, the girl group has attracted fans and detractors alike – let’s look back at the highs and lows as Solar, Moonbyul, Wheein and Hwasa celebrate the band’s 6th anniversaryAfter BTS' Jungkook released his first solo single "Still With You" during the boy band's famous Festa 2020, fans want to hear their other favorite K-pop group members take the mic by themselves.

Since Suga's D-2 mixtape debuted at No. 11 on the Billboard 200 last week (chart dated June 6), the remaining BTS members -- V, Jimin, Jin, RM and J-Hope -- might want to get back to working on their own projects. Wonho, formerly of Monsta X, signed with Highline Entertainment in April to officially embark on his solo career, and the Monsta X fanbase, known as Monbebe, can't wait to hear his first new music.

Blackpink just announced the girl group's comeback single will arrive later this month, but their four solo ventures are trailing behind, according to Soompi. After Jennie's first-ever "Solo" stunt back in 2018, YG Entertainment plans on dropping Rosé’s first single, which has been in the works for over a year, right after the September-slated release of Blackpink's first-ever full studio album. Lisa and Jisoo are also preparing to release their individual projects.Today it’s easy to forget that TWICE, one of K-pop’s biggest idol acts, first became famous in Korea through Sixteen, a reality audition program. The show aired nationally on Mnet in 2015, just months before their debut. Back then, the now-nine members were part of the show’s 16 teenage trainees at JYP, one of South Korea’s largest entertainment agencies.

In every episode, the girls — insecure and scared about their future — practiced dancing and singing for hours, often past midnight. The girls were divided into “Majors” and “Minors,” with the former receiving preferential treatment, like better housing and direct mentorship from JYP celebrities. Each week, one trainee was eliminated from the latter group. Many, many tears were shed. “You’re too fat,” “I find the other girl more attractive,” “I can see through your lack of confidence,” judges would say.

“The idea I had [of TWICE] was healthiness,” said Park Jin-young, the founder of JYP, five years later. He talked about the group’s journey in TWICE: Seize the Light, a recently released YouTube Original series highlighting the group’s first world tour visiting America in 2019.

“It wasn’t just about having beautiful looks,” said Park, who was also the main judge and presenter of Sixteen. In one memorable episode, he even gave the girls a lecture on character development, which is actually a common part of JYP’s (and some other companies’) idol trainee curriculum.

“What would it be like to show kids who have healthy, beautiful minds? What would it be like to share with the public, through music and other contents, how they are growing up diligently and uprightly?” Park said in the YouTube documentary.

Despite their brutally competitive creation story on reality TV, TWICE, who released their ninth mini-album MORE & MORE on June 1, seems determined to convey a healthy, happy image through music. Their numerous hits, like the 2016 single Cheer Up, which won Song of the Year at the Mnet Asian Music Awards, Knock Knock, Likey, Yes or Yes (and many more) are fun, bubbly and happy. The girls, often clad in shiny, colorful outfits, smile brightly at the camera while dancing to upbeat music.

“In albums like What is Love and TT, we were bright and full of energy,” TWICE rapper and singer Dahyun tells Teen Vogue in a group Zoom interview in May (the interview has been translated from Korean to English). “In this album, MORE & MORE, we want to show you a more mature TWICE.”

MORE & MORE features seven songs that tell a story of youthful energy and confidence. “The title track is about trying to win someone else’s heart,” says member Nayeon. “MORE & MORE is animated, full of confidence, even cute; in contrast, the dancing is incredibly powerful and energetic.”

“No, I want it; I’ll stop the sugarcoated words, ‘cause I deserve it,” the girls sing in the title track, which features an impressive line-up of composers including Grammy-nominee MNEK, Swedish songwriter Zara Larsson, and Justin Tranter and Julia Michaels (both of whom have written for Britney Spears, Selena Gomez, and Justin Bieber, to name a few).

“We didn’t work directly with these composers,” says member Chaeyoung, who wrote the rap lyrics to the album’s last track, “Sweet Summer Day.” “Our company has an A&R (artists and repertoire) team. We’re pleased to have received so many great songs in this album.”Across the world, people are taking part in the Black Lives Matter movement through protests, donations, and social media campaigns. Over the past few days, several Korean artists including NCT 127’s Johnny, Yeri of Red Velvet, and Eric Nam have publicly shown their support for the movement. K-pop fans have also redirected their organized fan efforts to support Black Lives Matter in various ways.

Jae of Day6 and Got7’s Mark donated to the cause

Protests broke out in the U.S. after George Floyd, an unarmed black man, died in police custody in Minnesota on May 25. All four police officers involved in Floyd’s death were fired, and one officer was charged with third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter.

Celebrities including John Boyega, Taylor Swift, Halsey, Ariana Grande, J. Cole, Lauren Jauregui, and Chrissy Teigen have all either spoken out in support of Black Lives Matter, donated to the movement, or participated in protests with activists.

Day6 is a South Korean rock band under JYP Entertainment, one of the largest entertainment companies in South Korea. Jae is a vocalist and electric guitarist in the group, and on May 31, he posted that he donated to the Minnesota Freedom Fund. He also shared a link encouraging his followers to support the Black Lives Matter movement.

Got7 is a K-pop group that also belongs with JYP Entertainment. On May 31, Mark Tuan, a member of the group, posted on his personal Twitter page encouraging fans to take part in the movement. Tuan also shared that he donated $7,000 to the George Floyd Memorial Fund.

“Stay stong, stay safe,” he tweeted to his 5.4 million followers.

K-pop idols Yeri and Johnny of SM Entertainment supported Black Lives Matter on social media

SM Entertainment is the largest entertainment company in South Korea, and it represents famed K-pop groups TVXQ!, Super Junior, Girls’ Generation, Shinee, f(x), Exo, Red Velvet, NCT, and SuperM. So far, two K-pop idols from SM Entertainment have spoken out in support of Black Lives Matter.

Yeri of Red Velvet shared a photo of the movement on her Instagram story. NCT 127’s Johnny shared a black square on his personal Instagram page along with a brief message.

“Please let everyone be safe. I see you, I care for you. #blacklivesmatter,” he captioned the post.

RELATED: Everything the NCT 127 Members Said About Each Other in the ‘To You’ Series

Nam is a singer-songwriter who was born in Atlanta. He moved to South Korea from the U.S. to pursue a music career, and in 2019 he released his first English-language album Before We Begin.

On May 28, the singer-songwriter posted a statement about Black Lives Matter on Twitter.

“It does not matter what color your skin is, this affects you. RACISM IS NOT DEAD. George and Ahmaud are just two of the countless number of black men and women who have lost their lives senselessly. sign the petitions, raise your voice, and do what you can. #BlackLivesMatter,” Nam tweeted.

K-pop fans are known for their strong social media presence, and over the past week fans of different artists have come together with a common goal. Fans have encouraged the artists they follow to use their platform to speak out, and they have used their social media accounts to help support the movement.

In a tweet on May 31, the Dallas Police Department asked people to submit videos “of illegal activity” from Black Lives Matter protests to the iWatch Dallas app. K-pop fans instead spammed the app with fancams of their favorite K-pop artists, which resulted in the app being temporarily unavailable. Buzzfeed News also reported that multiple people left one-star reviews for the app in the Google Play Store and iOS App Store.Momoland is the latest K-pop act to sign with U.S. representation, ICM Partners announced on Monday (June 22).

ICM, which has recently signed other K-pop acts such as Chung Ha and AleXa, is now working with the six-member girl group, representing them worldwide excluding Asia.

Momoland, based under MLD Entertainment in South Korea since 2016, is best known for viral hits “Bboom Bboom” and “Baam,” and recently released “Starry Night” in June. They are expected to release a full-length album (LP) in late summer.

The deal is part of ICM’s partnership with KAMP Global, which is best known for its 2019 K-pop music festival in Singapore.

"We're thrilled to be representing Momoland, who are now primed for the world stage,” said ICM Partners Vice President Jon Pleeter. “From [debut show] Finding Momoland, the girls have risen to global sensations, and with our partners, KAMP Global and MLD Entertainment, ICM Partners will continue to grow the Momoland brand through multiple platforms at the agency."

Though live music events are cancelled for the foreseeable future due to the global COVID-19 pandemic, ICM sees an investment in Momoland, and K-pop in general, as an investment into the future.

“Due to Covid-19, global touring has been put on a temporary 'pause,' however when touring resumes, we believe the appetite for K-Pop will be exponentially bigger,” says Pleeter. “ICM will be well positioned to help grow and service the genre.”K-pop star So Young had taken out her Instagram's comment section in a bid to stop some Malaysian online users from posting mean comments about her stage name, Babi.

In Malay, babi refers to the animal pig, and it is sometimes used to make a derogatory remark.

The member of the female K-pop group Fly With Me is upset her social media has been flooded by comments likening her name to the animal.

This has forced her to put up a warning to Malaysians on her IG.

This isn't the first time that Malaysian netizens have committed this shameful behaviour.

Back in 2018, singer Dua Lipa was ridiculed online by some Malaysians when she posted 'Happy Birthday, Babi' on an Instagram caption to her father.

The singer born to Albanian parents then edited it to "Happy Birthday Dad".

Isn't it time for Malaysians to realise we don't have the ownership to the word 'Babi' which carries different meanings in other languages?The video of George Floyd, pleading for his life, handcuffed and his neck under a police officer’s knee, has moved the world to denounce unequal justice and police abuses. “Across the internet, supporters of Black Lives Matter are weaponizing tweets, posts, and hashtags to spread information, protect protesters, and derail racist rhetoric,” reports Aja Romano for Vox. Originating in South Korea before becoming popular worldwide, K-pop includes hip-hop, jazz and other African-American influences. The fan base is active on social media, known for finding popular hashtags and mischievously inserting unrelated video close-ups, known as fancams, of K-pop stars. Now, this army of fans flood police tip lines and disrupt posts from white supremacists, sending out fancams with the hashtag #WhiteLivesMatter. The goal is to over-run such hashtags, making them useless. Other techniques include using clickbait to draw attention to serious reports, inserting copyrighted Disney material into problematic posts to encourage removal, and donating ad revenue from YouTube and other channels. “All of these methods of virtual and real-world support reveal the individual quirks and cultures of many different platforms, apps, and internet communities,” Romano writes. “The more varied, messy, and decentralized the internet is, the more versatile it is.” – YaleGlobalBTS are the biggest band in the world with millions of fans, so when will the K-pop group break up? ARMY have at least five more years of the band after a contract renewal in 2018...

BTS, everyone's favourite K-pop supergroup, have some of the most dedicated and loyal fans, ARMY, in the whole world- and one question they'll always have in the back of their mind, is how long the band will stay together, and what year they'll break-up.

What Does BTS Stand For? K-Pop Group's Multiple Names & Meanings

BTS signed a seven year contract renewal with BigHit in 2018

BTS signed a seven year contract with their label, BigHit when they first debuted in 2013, which is a maximum and usual length bands sign for in South Korea.

The group opted to renew for another seven years due their 'deep respect and affection' both they and their label have for one another back in 2018.

It was basically an enormous sigh of relief and cause for celebration for fans around the world knowing they'd have the boys in life for years.

This means the band will be together until at least 2025- after that, their future is unknown.

All members have been allowed to pursue other hobbies and projects including solo material within the band, which is likely why they are all so happy to continue as a seven piece for many years.

From acting to songwriting, Suga (Agust D) most recently dropped his second mixtape D-2 which saw considerable chart success, J-Hope has released music with Becky G with 'Chicken Noodle Soup'.

Both V AKA Kim Taehyung and Jin have also started their acting careers in South Korea, starring in TV drama Hwarang: The Poet Warrior Youth.

Will BTS disband when they have to enlist in the South Korean army?

In South Korea, it is mandatory as a male to do your military service for at least two years, and you are eligible to do so from the age of 18, with exemptions only in place for sports stars like Olympians and Classical musicians.

Jin, as the oldest member at 26, is asked quite frequently when he will enlist, to which he's responded: "Someday, when duty calls we'll be ready to respond and do our best."

> Download Our App For All The Latest BTS NewsKATHMANDU: K-pop boy band INFINITE’s Kim Sung-gyu and L will be holding a live broadcast on June 9 to mark the tenth anniversary of their debut.

They will be giving special greetings to their fans, the Inspirits.

Allkpop informs the two members will be greeting their fans via the V Live original series Eating Show, on June 9, the day of INFINITE’s debut anniversary.

This is the first time in quite a while that the two will be broadcasting together as Sung-gyu was in the army and was discharged only a few months ago, while L left INFINITE label Woolim in 2019.

Hellokpop states that the two will present a mukbang showcase, while also showing off their friendship and chemistry with each other, which has lasted for a decade through the live broadcast.

This appearance by the duo as representatives of INFINITE due to the rest of the group still serving their mandatory military duties is gaining high anticipation from fans, with the portal reporting that the broadcast has already surpassed 27.5 million hearts on V Live.

Sung-gyu and L’s live broadcast on V Live will begin at 8:00 pm KST on June 9.

Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookNessas últimas semanas o k-pop, tão disseminado mundialmente e igualmente odiado por quem nunca deu uma chance ao gênero nascido na Coreia do Sul, chamou atenção fora da música. Os stans —termo pelos quais são chamados os fãs no Twitter— usaram sua força nas redes sociais para atrapalhar o comício do presidente norte-americano Donald Trump, em Tulsa, se inscrevendo "de mentirinha" para o evento, deixando o estádio praticamente vazio.

Dias antes, já haviam aderido ao movimento Black Lives Matter, e à série de protestos no mundo todo iniciados pelo assassinato de George Floyd pela polícia: encheram a polícia de Dallas de fancams —vídeos curtos dos idols, como são chamados os artistas de k-pop— para tirar o foco dos protestos e "trollaram" a hashtag #WhiteLivesMatter de vídeos com performances e MVs (sim, videoclipes no kpop se chamam mvs).

As fancams, que muitas vezes são vilãs e criticadas por serem uma forma de spam, viraram protagonistas no ciberativismo desses fãs, que pode parecer novo para o grande público, mas existe desde sempre nas comunidades de pop coreano.

Há quem diga que ser fã de k-pop é ser ativista: quem gosta de pop coreano precisa ultrapassar preconceitos para adentrar em uma nova cultura desconhecida, multifacetada e milenar. Ao entrar em um show de BTS, por exemplo, você vê pessoas de todas as nacionalidades, idades, cores, tamanhos: é impossível definir um público específico, o maior nome do k-pop atrai multidões. Nas letras, músicas e projetos do grupo, os fãs encontraram mais razões para militar. As Armys, como é chamado o fandom (ou seja, o conjunto de "stans") do BTS, arrecadaram US$ 1 milhão para o Black Lives Matter em apenas um dia, isso depois de o próprio grupo ter doado o mesmo valor um dia antes. E isso é só mais um dia na vida desses "exércitos", que participam com frequência das campanhas do grupo e vão além, arrecadando dinheiro para instituições que tenham conexão com a mensagem que eles passam. Então, está acontecendo um protesto em Berlim exigindo atenção do governo as mudanças no clima e no meio ambiente e alguém está com uma placa escrita "ESTE MUNDO ESTÁ FICANDO MAIS QUENTE DO QUE KIM NAMJOON" hsuahauahuahsua será que eu to lá?!



(#KimNamjoon #RM @BTS_twt) pic.twitter.com/c5Bn1F05pb -- LYJ ? Kim Namjoon (@LoveYouJoonie) April 5, 2019 A pluralidade e transculturalidade dos fandoms de k-pop chamam atenção, pois não se encaixam nos padrões ocidentalizados que conhecemos. E por que existe tanto preconceito em relação a isso? Uma das respostas é por ser um movimento amplamente feminino. O mesmo não acontece com fãs de esporte e torcedores de times de futebol. Ou seja, significa. E o que política e fandom têm a ver? Uma das principais características que conecta o comportamento dos fãs de música pop em geral e a política atual é a mitificação. Nas palavras de Thiago Soares, pesquisador da UFPE em música e comunicação, vivemos em um momento onde ídolos e políticos viram mitos:] Existe uma transformação de afetos de fãs, o afeto pela marca, você milita e atua naquilo. Jenkins (Henry Jenkins, pesquisador seminal na área de cultura de fãs) fala sobre isso através das chamadas 'lovemarks', as marcas que o público ama Essa militância é intensificada pelas dinâmicas de rede, zonas de contato entre grupos sociais e afeto dos fãs. A cultura dos fãs redefine as relações sociais e políticas nos dias de hoje. O fã sempre teve capacidade e articulação e um grande letramento midiático. E essa relação de fãs e política cresceu muito com a campanha de Barack Obama e se fortaleceu com Trump e Jair Bolsonaro. em 1 dia o fandom conseguiu doar 1 MILHÃO DE DÓLARES para o blm



1 milhão do ARMY e 1 milhão do BTS, totalizando >> 2 MILHÕES DE DÓLARES << VOCÊS TEM NOÇÃO?? somos muito grandes, a forma como nos unimos pra isso foi linda, QUE ORGULHO #MatchAMillion #2MforBLM -- Débora?.? ??? (@chimggukv) June 8, 2020 Esses são alguns dos termos que aparecem ao falarmos do tal "cancelamento", em alta nas redes sociais. Para muitos, a cultura do cancelamento é uma grande bobagem e define uma geração "mimimi"; para outros é a realidade cotidiana dentro de muitos grupos políticos e fandoms de artistas pop. O cancelamento tem como característica principal ser um ato violento; ele expõe, persegue e esculacha a pessoa que está sendo cancelada, independentemente do motivo. É comum no Twitter vermos a hashtag #fulanoisover, que as vezes é utilizada para cancelar de fato alguma pessoa famosa, ou um meme para chamar atenção pois gera curiosidade; todo mundo quer saber quem é o cancelado da semana. E esse comportamento de cancelamento e exposição é uma das principais armas de fandoms e militantes de direita, os bolsonaristas e trumpistas. Taiane Volcan, doutora em letras pela Universidade Federal de Pelotas, trabalha no grupo de pesquisa MIDIARS, analisando grupos de WhatsApp a favor do presidente Jair Bolsonaro. A pesquisadora comenta que todas as movimentações dentro desses grupos são feitas por uma organização estrutural de comportamento baseada em amor e ódio, além da ação coordenada de robôs. Os fandoms têm essa mesma característica, de repetição de informação, não à toa muitas vezes são chamados de bots. A cultura bolsonarista é muito baseada nisso; espalhar mensagens usando robôs de madrugada, para quando os fãs e apoiadores do presidente acordarem, o assunto ser finalmente disseminado. Esse mesmo comportamento ocorreu com os kpopers, inundando as páginas de trump com fancams de seus idols preferidos. A pesquisadora explica que todo mundo é enaltecido até sair da bolha; vamos do cancelamento ao esculacho rapidamente. O mesmo comportamento pode ser visto nos fandoms de k-pop, seja com jornalistas da área, contas mais populares ou até mesmo fãs que emitiram opiniões "polêmicas". Na política, Sérgio Moro é um bom exemplo, pois era amado e idolatrado pela maioria dos eleitores de Bolsonaro, e depois que saiu do Ministério da Justiça, se tornou inimigo —mais uma vez voltamos a mitificação dos personagens— e virou alvo. Luiz Henrique Mandetta, ex-ministro da Saúde, idem. Para Taiane, isso reflete o medo de disputa e ocupação de espaço virtual, no momento em que essas figuras crescem aos olhos do público, existe uma ameaça ao status quo, ao governo atual. O processo de cancelamento tem fases: ele começa com a fama, seja de um político, de um ídolo ou de uma conta popular no Twitter. Daí as divergências começam, seja por opiniões que destoam da maioria ou por serem realmente problemáticas. Em seguida, vem a fase das críticas constantes e da total destruição do discurso; você está errado e é descartado. Quem decide? Os juízes do Twitter. Porém, ser descartado não é suficiente, é preciso esculachar, humilhar, buscar informações pessoais, tuítes antigos fora de contexto, tudo isso para acabar com a imagem da pessoa em questão. Os fãs —divididos muitas vezes em subgrupos chamados squads— de kpop, assim como grupos políticos, possuem uma força online gigantesca, seja para o bem como vimos nas campanhas de BTS e ajudando o movimento Black Lives Matter, quanto para o mal, arruinando a saúde mental de muitas pessoas que foram canceladas de forma violenta por pensarem diferente. Assim como os influencers são figuras-chave na disseminação da campanha de políticos, o mesmo ocorre com contas famosas de fãs nos grupos de k-pop. O Twitter é praticamente um parque de diversões para o kpop: várias hashtags de grupos e idols costumam figurar nos Trending Topics. Esse cancelamentos que afetam idols e fãs, expondo dados pessoais, fotos e opiniões, faz com que as pessoas comecem a usar as redes de forma distinta, trocando mensagens apenas no privado —as chamadas DMs— motivadoas pelo medo. Lúcio Souza, jornalista e mestrando em Estética e Culturas da Imagem e Som na UFPE, comenta que quando todo mundo é cancelado todos os dias, os cancelamentos que realmente deveriam acontecer, aqueles que envolvem assuntos graves, acabam se perdendo. No fundo, acho que o cancelamento não leva a nada dentro de um sistema capitalista, me parece muito contraproducente, é um gasto de energia enorme que não leva a nada, só cria uma sensação geral de mal-estar momentâneo, uma culpa por consumir determinada coisa que logo passa, e as pessoas voltam a consumir normalmente De uns tempos pra cá (2013 sendo um grande divisor de águas), a gente espera que nós, minorias, sejamos mais conscientes das problemáticas sociais, e talvez a gente tenha criado essa ideia de que toda comunidade, todo mundo na internet, tem entendimento das causas. Mas é a coisa mais fácil do mundo cometer um deslize, ainda mais na cultura pop O pop é uma disputa de afetos e muitas vezes não queremos reconhecer quando alguém que gostamos comete um erro; é muito mais fácil apedrejar o ídolo/político alheio.



O importante ao pensarmos política e cultura pop é entender que nada é 8 ou 80, preto ou branco, e existem muitas nuances que são importantes em tempos de muitas certezas e poucos fatos expostos.One of the pictures that appeared on social media showing K-pop star G-Dragon’s dogs at his parents’ hotel.If you find yourself rage-clicking on trending topics that appear to be racist this week, you could be greeted by gifs and videos of BTS or another massively popular Korean pop group. Their famously dedicated fan armies have joined the fight against racism online, flooding anti-Black hashtags. Also on the docket today: What would it take for you to sit in the middle seat on an airplane again?

Here’s a list of some of the stuff we talked about today:
• “K-pop stans take over racist hashtags on Twitter” in CNET
• “K-Pop Stans Continue to Run the Internet, Flood Racist Twitter Hashtags” in Vulture
• “American Airlines and other carriers are adding summer flights as passengers slowly return” on CNBC
• “Stadium-sized asteroid will swing ‘close’ by Earth on Saturday. Thankfully, it will miss us.” in USA TodaySEOUL, 03 juin -- Les artistes de K-pop de divers genres ont ouvertement exprimé leur soutien au mouvement Black Lives Matter (BLM) aux Etats-Unis, condamnant le racisme et rendant hommage à la culture afro-américaine comme source d'inspiration importante de la K-pop d'aujourd'hui.

L'artiste R&B Crush fait partie des artistes de la K-pop ayant exprimé son soutien sur les réseaux sociaux. Le chanteur, star du hip-hop, a publié lundi une image qui disait : «Il ne suffit pas d'être tranquillement non-raciste, il faut maintenant être vocalement anti-raciste».

«De nombreux artistes et personnes dans le monde entier s'inspirent tellement de la culture et de la musique noires, moi y compris. Nous avons le devoir de respecter chaque race», a également écrit Crush.

Jay Park, fondateur du label de hip-hop H1GHR Music, a également exprimer sa colère sur Instagram suite à l'assassinat de George Floyd par la police américaine, qui a alimenté la colère et les protestations dans toute l'Amérique. «Personne ne veut l'admettre car ils ont tous peur d'assumer la responsabilité d'innombrables années de traitements inhumains et injustes», a déclaré Jay Park à propos du racisme en Amérique.

H1GHR Music a reporté la sortie d'un titre produit en collaboration entre Park et ses collègues du label Sik-K et Haon en solidarité avec le mouvement «Blackout Tuesday», dans lequel les principaux labels de musique américains ont décidé d'un moratoire d'un jour sur les affaires afin de soutenir la protestation.

Le label a également affiché une photo de ses artistes brandissant une pancarte «Black Lives Matter» et a annoncé le don collectif de ces derniers de 21.000 dollars à la Black Lives Matter Organization.

Mark, membre du boys band GOT7, a également écrit sur Twitter «Stay strong, stay safe», ainsi qu'un lien vers un site web où l'on peut apporter son soutien et verser des dons au mouvement BLM. Mark a également joint une image montrant qu'il a fait un don de 7.000 dollars à la cause BLM.

Amber, chanteuse-productrice et membre du girls band f(x), a eu un point de vue plus critique sur la question, s'en prenant au président américain Donald Trump pour ce qu'elle a décrit comme «la promotion du racisme». «Nous devons rester unis parce que nos frères et sœurs de la communauté noire meurent pour la simple raison d'exister», a écrit Amber sur Twitter.

«Peu importe la couleur de votre peau, cela vous affecte. Le racisme n'est pas mort», a déclaré Eric Nam sur Twitter. «Signez les pétitions, élevez la voix et faites ce que vous pouvez.»

Jae du groupe DAY6 a montré qu'il a fait une donation au Minnesota Freedom Fund, un fonds américain à but non lucratif qui soutient la cause BLM. La chanteuse Yubin, ancienne membre de Wonder Girls, a également affiché une image avec Black Lives Matter traduit en plusieurs langues.

Jo Kwon de 2AM a écrit en coréen, «Ce n'est pas leur problème, c'est le problème de l'humanité», avec les hashtag #blacklivesmatter et #georgefloyd. Johnny de NCT 127 a écrit sur Instagram, «S'il vous plaît, que tout le monde soit en sécurité. Je te vois, je prends soin de toi», a écrit Johnny de NCT 127 sur Instagram.

Les réactions des fans de la K-pop, dans le pays et à l'étranger, ont été pour la plupart positives. Ils ont salué et remercié les artistes d'avoir montré leur soutien à la communauté afro-américaine, qui compte de plus en plus de fans de K-pop.

Certains, cependant, affirment que les artistes K-pop, étant donné leur influence croissante sur la scène internationale, peuvent faire beaucoup plus.

«Il faut que ce soit quelque chose en quoi ils continuent à croire et à pour laquelle ils s'impliquent en tant que (star de la K-pop) et être humain. Nous voulons des dons. Nous voulons un soutien direct», a déclaré Ahomari Turner, 28 ans, de Columbia, en Caroline du Sud.

Turner, une podcasteuse afro-américaine et fan de K-pop depuis 2008, a ajouté qu'elle «apprécierait qu'ils en fassent plus».

L'industrie K-pop, qui se caractérise par des obligations contractuelles strictes, pourrait empêcher les artistes de prendre des mesures et de faire des déclarations plus fermes, ont observé certains.

«Les (stars de la K-pop) qui se sont exprimées, même si c'est le strict minimum, je l'apprécie quand même. Cela me permet de savoir qu'elles ont conscience des choses et, espérons-le, que cette conscience se répandra parmi leurs fans coréens», a déclaré Chermel Porter, un auteur musical afro-américain indépendant basé dans le New Jersey. «En fin de compte, ce n'est pas parce qu'un groupe ne s'exprime pas qu'il ne sait pas ce qui se passe. Je comprends le problème des contrats avec certaines agences», a-t-il ajouté.BLACKPINK, TWICE and Red Velvet is currently the reigning queens when it comes to the K-pop girl groups with each band being wonderfully different in terms of their addictive music. Vote and comment below your favourite girl group from the three powerful choices.

The Korean Entertainment industry is growing popular by the day as it's earning a well deserved global fanbase thanks to the creativity overflowing and the unbelievable talent coming from there. Whether it be movies like Parasite making history, K-dramas breaking records or K-pop music finally getting the recognition it deserves, it's indeed an exciting time to be a hardcore fan. When it comes to Korean music, we have boy and girl groups showing artists around the world, as to how it's done. It's not just about singing as we get the whole performance package to get even more immersed in the lyrics and melodies.

When it comes to the Korean girl groups, currently reigning as the Queens of K-pop is BLACKPINK, TWICE and Red Velvet. It's just been five years since their debut but BLACKPINK is a force to be reckoned with as the band consists of four members - Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa. In fact, they were the first K-pop group to get one billion views on YouTube with their now-iconic hit, Ddu-Du Ddu-Du. They're finally giving BLINKS a three-part comeback as there will be two songs releases (one in June, one in July or August) with the third part being their first official album release. Even globally, BLACKPINK has won at the E! People's Choice Awards and Teen Choice Awards, thanks to millions and millions of BLINK members.

ALSO READ: BLACKPINK: Rosé, Lisa or Jisoo, which singer's solo song you cannot wait to listen to? VOTE NOW

Then, we have TWICE, who recently released their ninth EP, More & More, which is topping the Melon and iTunes charts showing just how popular they are. Consisting of nine members - Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung and Tzuyu - TWICE is truly one of the most successful K-pop girl groups in history as they have a very loyal fan following in ONCE. The K-pop band also dominated as winners in award shows like Mnet Asian Music Awards and Melon Music Awards.

ALSO READ: More & More: TWICE drops a florally aesthetic music video with a dance break of our wildest dreams

Red Velvet, consisting of four members - Irene, Seulgi, Wendy, Joy and Yeri, has been in the industry for quite some time and has managed to spread their magic on a global scale as well, thanks to their addictive music. Last year, ReVeluv was treated exponentially as the band released The ReVe Festival Trilogy (The ReVe Festival: Day 1, The ReVe Festival: Day 2 and The ReVe Festival: Finale). They also won a Teen Choice Award proving their dominance on an international level.

ALSO READ: KPop star Joy of Red Velvet REVEALS her Korean skincare routine for glassy skin

This begs the question; Which is your favourite K pop girl group? Vote below and even let us know your pick in the comments section below.

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueSamsung is no stranger to themed special-edition smartphones, having offered Galaxy phones emblazoned with Batman logos and Star Wars themes in the past. The latest collaboration is a Galaxy S20 Plus BTS Edition, with a matching set of Galaxy Buds Plus to go with it.

The Galaxy S20 Plus BTS Edition looks like Samsung’s regular flagship, but with a unique iridescent purple exterior (the color is heavily associated with the K-pop group) that has a BTS logo on the back and the band’s heart iconography on the camera array.

The BTS Edition of the phone also includes BTS-inspired Android themes, along with a preinstalled copy of the Weverse app (a social media platform used by BTS band members to communicate with fans and share content). Lastly, photo cards of the band are included in the similarly BTS-themed box. It’ll cost $1249, or $50 more than the retail price of the standard S20 Plus.

The Galaxy Buds Plus BTS Edition, on the other hand, are purely a cosmetic change, switching the standard hues for a pair of BTS-purple earbuds and a charging case, along with decorative BTS and heart icons on each of the earbuds. The Galaxy Buds Plus BTS Edition will cost $199, also a $50 increase over the price of the standard edition.

In order to sweeten the deal for fans, Samsung is offering a free BTS poster for anyone who preorders the branded S20 Plus or the Galaxy Buds (customers who preorder both will receive two posters). Additionally, preordering the Galaxy S20 Plus BTS Edition will get customers a 50 percent discount on the matching Galaxy Buds, while preorders for the Galaxy Buds will include a BTS-themed wireless charger (it’s also purple).

The BTS Edition Galaxy S20 Plus and Galaxy Buds Plus will be available on Samsung’s website and Amazon starting on July 9th — the seventh anniversary of the BTS ARMY fan collective — with preorders beginning on June 19th.

Update June 15th, 1:10pm: Added pricing information for the BTS Edition Galaxy S20 Plus and Galaxy Buds Plus.Hwasa of Mamamoo, who made her solo debut in February, announced that her first solo EP, Maria, is to be released on June 29.Big Hit Entertainment, the record label and management agency of K-pop giants BTS, has opened an online global audition program for 2020, the company said Tuesday.



Big Hit announced on its official website and social media accounts that it started receiving online applications on Monday for the 2020 Big Hit Global Audition aimed at creating a new boy band that will hopefully achieve the global fame of BTS.



The company will receive applications until July 10, with the deadline for the United States on the separate later date of July 31. Those eligible to apply are males born after the year 2003.



Last year, Big Hit's representatives traveled to eight different regions and countries, including the US, Canada, Thailand, Australia, Bangkok and Hong Kong, to unearth new talent with strong potential. 



This year, however, Big Hit adopted an online program due to health and safety concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic. The company has also opened the audition to all nationalities.



Applicants are to submit any type of content that can highlight their potential in any show business field. Last year, applicants had to select among the five categories of vocals, rap, dance, acting and modeling to apply.



Additional details are available on Big Hit's website and social media accounts.



Founded by producer Bang Si-hyuk, nicknamed Hitman, in 2005, Big Hit has grown into a global entertainment powerhouse, thanks to the massive success of boy band BTS. 



The company's operating profit for the fiscal year 2019 reached 98.7 billion won ($80.5 million), bigger than the combined operating profit of the top three K-pop agencies -- SM Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and YG Entertainment. The company plans to go public on South Korea's stock exchange within the year. (Yonhap)Less than a week after disappointing attendance figures at a recent rally by U.S. President Donald Trump were widely attributed to the online activism of K-pop fans, disinformation experts say that the tactics deployed by this community mark a potential turning point in how information warfare is waged on digital platforms.

“This generation and these groups of people have a more sophisticated understanding of the way that information is used for political purposes,” said Dr. Al Baker, a senior editor at Logically, a UK startup that uses artificial intelligence in fact-checking news. Earlier this week, the organization published a report that examines how K-pop fans have clogged up certain online channels and suppressed antagonism towards the Black Lives Matter movement.

Baker explained via Zoom that fans were targeting far-right conversations and hashtags like #whitelivesmatter with a tsunami of music videos and GIFs to wipe out far-right campaigns before they could gain traction. “It’s a tactic that avoids virality — because the whole point was to keep the campaign within this isolated community and not have it spread.”

K-pop fans and TikTokers found themselves in the headlines last weekend after claims that they coordinated an effort to register hundreds of thousands of tickets for a Trump rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma. While Brad Parscale, the chairman of the president’s re-election campaign, posted on Twitter that more than a million ticket requests had been fielded, attendance at the event was much lower than expected. Though it is not clear how many fake registrations were submitted, only 6,500 supporters materialized, according to the Tulsa Fire Department.

Baker and the team at Logically expressed concern that these tactics, cultivated by digitally native K-pop fans and “zoomers”, the generation of people born in the late 1990s and early 2000s, might give new ideas to those using more tried and tested information manipulation techniques.

“My main worry is that the techniques that seem inherent to this new generation of online activists might trickle down to more sinister actors,” said Joe Ondrak, a senior researcher at Logically.

Ondrak explained that K-pop fans are more instinctive – and far more successful – in using information control techniques than more regular online trolls. “K-pop teens and TikTok users, they’re natives to web 2.0,” explained Ondrak.

Lily Fu, a 22-year-old recent graduate of University of California, Berkeley, became a K-pop fan last year. In early June, as cities around the world were rocked by Black Lives Matter protests, she and others joined a digital campaign to take over right-wing hashtags like #WhiteLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter, the latter of which expresses support for the police.

“Like a lot of millennials, I grew up on the internet and was raised by it. I spend a lot of time on Twitter and I just naturally saw it trending. Friends who know that I like K-pop tagged me to posts that they knew I would take an interest in,” she said, in a telephone interview.

Fu said that she first got involved after she learned about K-pop fans trolling the Dallas Police Department after a police app called for users to submit footage of “criminal activity” during the protests. Fans encouraged one another to submit “fancams” – videos, photos and GIFs of their favorite K-pop idols – instead. Though it is unclear whether or not K-pop-related traffic was responsible, the department later announced that “due to technical difficulties” the app would be “down temporarily.”

K-pop fans have been shaping certain aspects of internet behavior for years: mass streaming their favorite songs, or acting as “swarms” to promote favored stars. But as the community has taken a political turn, it has also faced a backlash.

According to Logically’s report, far-right users of the 4chan and 8kun forums advanced a counter narrative, attempting to recast K-pop fans as racist. They also began using a hashtag, called #kpopstansareoverparty, to share anti-K-pop memes.

But legions of K-pop fans quickly reclaimed the conversation. “Both pro and anti-K-pop accounts are vying for control of #kpopstansareoverparty, but the sheer numbers of the former mean that 4chan and 8kun’s subversion efforts are mostly being drowned out,” the Logically report found.

“K-pop fans are really easy to mobilize,” said Fu. “It’s because there’s so many of them.”

She added that many people within the community wanted to do more than just donate money to anti-racist movements.

“But I’m not gonna lie, some people probably just did it to boost K-pop.”"We’re so proud that ARMY have once again channeled their power for good and are making a real impact in the fight against anti-Black racism.”

Following the killing of George Floyd in police custody, stan accounts across Twitter have mobilized to raise awareness about his death and the Black Lives Matter movement. The accounts have been disseminating ways to donate and campaign among themselves, in order to make online activism easier for anyone wanting to participate.



One of the ways they have been doing this is by asking people to share a graphic with information on "how to help." The graphic's creator, a 17-year-old who asked to remain anonymous, built a site on the webpage design platform Carrd. The teen tweets at @dehyedration and uses the account to mainly stan K-pop groups such as Loona and BTS. She told BuzzFeed News there had been so much information going around about how to stand with protesters that she had felt lost on where to look. So she made the Carrd to help other people who needed guidance.

“I thought making this Carrd would really help to put it all in one place, and make it easier for everyone to do their part," she said. The teen has been constantly updating the Carrd with new information. It also includes links for people to help with action around the world, including in places like Hong Kong, Palestine, and Canada.

 At the time of writing, the Carrd link has amassed over 985,000 Facebook shares and has been posted by celebrities such as Ellen DeGeneres, Kim Kardashian, and 5SOS.

 On Twitter, it also has been widely shared by tons of celebrities such as Ariana Grande, Jae from Day6, Pretty Ricky, and Mark from GOT7. Taylor Swift added it to her Instagram story, allowing users to swipe up to the Carrd.



The creator said she found the response to be incredible. "I saw a bunch of celebrities use it and I was really shocked," she said. "I’m just so glad I could do something to help and that so many people are finding it useful."

The Carrd links out to a few other Carrds for translation and other causes people can support. One of the pages it links out to is a page about the "junk terror bill," which was created by a fellow K-pop stan who tweets at @haechnkr. The bill is anti-terrorism legislation the government of the Philippines just approved that has been criticized by the UN as "making things much worse." The bill will allow someone to be detained for possibly more than three weeks without a warrant, including minors.

The creator of that card, @haechnkr, told BuzzFeed News they made the card to serve as a master list for those who want to be informed and to give people ways to sign petitions and email. @haechnkr said they decided to call on stan Twitter to help further their cause. The Carrd also links out to petitions on Change.org, one of which, calling for justice for George Floyd, has become the most-signed petition ever on the site with more than 16 million signatures. The petition was also created by a teenager, although she isn't a part of stan Twitter. Kellen, 15, said she "just wanted to get someone's attention so there could be justice for George." A spokesperson for Change.org told BuzzFeed News that petitions were up 112% in the last week of May compared to the same week in 2019.

 They said the total signatures of US racial injustice petitions alone in 2020 so far have been 59.9 million signatures and people signing racial injustice petitions have come from 195 countries — every registered country in the world.



Stan accounts have also mobilized to direct their large groups of followers to amplify efforts by other people on social media to raise awareness or funds. When Zoe Amira, a 20-year-old influencer and social media manager from Chicago, created a "stream to donate" video, stan accounts were on it. They helped her video go viral by streaming it like they would a new music video. One tweet by a Swiftie went on to get tens of thousands of retweets.



Amira told BuzzFeed News that she has just started getting monetized on YouTube, and realized that creating a "stream to donate" video would be a great way to raise funds. Amira made a video highlighting black artists, and is donating all the ad revenue to various causes.



"When I took to Twitter this week after seeing the murder of George Floyd, I realized that Google Adsense and watching ads is a great way for people to be able to 'make money' without really 'doing anything,'" she said. Amira initially considered posting a video that was just a blank screen that people could play while they were busy or even sleeping, but she found out that those videos struggle to get monetized. So she "decided to reach out and fill the space with black creators instead." She said the response to the video by stan Twitter has been awesome. "K-Pop stans found it and they sure know how to stream, but really, I’m just glad to be able to give people without much means a way to be able to help," she said. The video as of right now has over 9 million views and has earned $42,000 in Adsense money that will go to different charities.

Another way K-pop stans have been pivoting to activism is using "fancam" videos to spread their message. Fancams are videos often filmed live by a fan at a concert using their own camera that tend to focus on one member of a K-pop group that are popular on stan Twitter. Now, stans have been using fancams to mess with police tip lines and interrupt the spread of submitted content.



While stan accounts are more vocal than ever during the recent protests, Stan Twitter using their voices for activism is not new. In fact, the BTS stan group, known as ARMY, has long been dedicated to social justice and even has its own fundraising group, One in an ARMY (OIAA), which was created in 2018. The first cause it fundraised for was to send medical supplies to aid Syrian refugees. "As ARMYs ourselves, very involved in our fandom, we do notice when the fandom as a whole are passionately behind something," the group said in a statement. "That's why we found a good source of information for those who wanted to get involved." OIAA said fans weren't quite sure on places to donate, so they created a Carrd to disseminate information. OIAA said the response was a hit. "Doing something as a fan, is not a bad thing," they said.



On Saturday, it was announced that BTS donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter, and fans vowed to match the million-dollar donation. OIAA ran the project and it was its biggest one to date, and it completed it in about a day — 25 hours to be exact. At the time of writing, ARMYs have raised $1,140,806.



The group said it was proud that so many people who stan BTS had joined together to stand for something important. "We’re so proud that ARMY have once again channeled their power for good and are making a real impact in the fight against anti-Black racism," they said.K-pop: como os fãs de música sul-coreana estão influenciando a política

K-pop: como os fãs de música sul-coreana estão influenciando a política

Eles não formam um grupo uniforme, mas se unem em torno dos ídolos da indústria musical da Coreia do Sul.

Recentemente, eles apoiaram o movimento “Black Lives Matter” (Vidas Negras Importam), que ganhou força após protestos pelo fim da violência policial nos EUA, com a morte de George Floyd, em Minneapolis.

A estratégia dos “k-poppers” foi bombardear hashtags racistas, como a “White Lives Matter” (vidas brancas importam), com vídeos, memes e imagens de seus ídolos.

Mas o quão influentes eles são?

O valor da indústria da música da Coreia do Sul é estimado em torno de 5 bilhões de dólares, de acordo com dados de 2017 da Korea Creative Content Agency.

A influência do grupo na política deu as caras no último sábado, no comício do presidente dos EUA, Donald Trump, em Tulsa, Oklahoma.

A campanha do republicano previa 1 milhão de pessoas no evento, mas menos de 19 mil apareceram. O fiasco pode, em parte, ser creditado ao fãs de k-pop.

Eles disseram que incentivaram a reserva de ingressos por pessoas que não tinham a intenção de comparecer.Alienation is not a feature of Gen Z experience — it is the overarching context. And it is likely to have profound impacts on their politics and all of our lives. Perhaps the largest fissure in the generation’s formative years — the coronavirus pandemic — is still evolving. What, for example, are the results of a year or two of young adulthood lost to social distancing due to a pandemic? Or of graduating into a potential economic depression behind a generation that graduated into a recession?

We understand this uncertainty and realize the stakes are high. Which is probably a reason academics and journalists like me have so closely scrutinized social media platforms and the notion of algorithmic radicalization. It’s not that we think people are easily brainwashed. It’s that like millennials, Gen Z has been thrust into a destabilized era dominated by fractured media distribution systems. And these systems are easily hijacked by opportunists, creating the perfect conditions for insurgent ideas to latch on.

But, as happens with most online communities, there’s a great deal of mythologizing and flattening. Abby Ohlheiser at the MIT Technology Review put it best this weekend in a tweet: “ … older generations of liberals are now talking about teens and Kpop fans in the same way that Trump boomers talk about 4chan: as vigilante forces they love but don’t understand.”

Reality is more complicated. In a recent article Ms. Ohlheiser quotes Keidra Chaney, a culture writer, who notes that white K-pop fans have received the bulk of credit in the press for the fandom’s anti-racist activism, obscuring the contributions and experiences of black fans. Ms. Chaney told Ms. Ohlheiser that it “feels like a punch in the gut — that we are being used for our social currency and then discarded.”

And the causes that Gen Z has rallied around are more widely varied than the recent excitement over the Trump rally ticket protest would suggest. Yes, there are the youth climate-strike movement and the Parkland kids. In recent weeks, young Americans have poured into the streets to protest racial injustice and police violence against black Americans — 52 percent of all adults who have protested are between the ages of 18 and 29, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation survey. Across Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter and TikTok, the same generation has organized donations and resources for protesters and are calling out their peers for racist behavior.

But members of the same generation are most likely also fueling far-right message board trolls, nihilist “Doomer” groups and extremist online communities with a disdain for political correctness. Their platforms of choice like TikTok still brim with unchecked extremist content and far-right conspiracy theories. These politics may not be evenly distributed but, as a recent Pew Research Center survey suggests, “members of Gen Z look similar to millennials in their political preferences,” which suggests that online extremism associated with millennials is likely to evolve in this successive generation.

And then there’s the unknown: A 2019 Business Insider survey of over 1,800 Gen Zers revealed that a majority did not identify as either conservative or liberal, a result of either indecision or disillusion or both. And yes, there’s speculation about how they’ll vote and in what numbers they’ll turn out. But regardless of their relationship to the ballot box, their politics and messaging abilities will have an outsize impact on culture.Speak anything against a K-pop idol and you’d be spammed by their loyal fans. Now that the power of these stans has been established, someone out there is using the energy for a massive social media rebellion.

The influence of the K-pop fandom has been noticed by the hacktivist collective called ‘Anonymous’ on Twitter, who is now cashing in via allegiance.

Anonymous wrote on the micro blogging site, "Calling all #OpFanCam armies: The Trump loyalists, fascists, and Nazis have created a hashtag called #EXPOSEANTIFA it's time to invade. Show them the true power of K-Pop, Anime, and Taylor Swift."The star had given the money to the former manager for a real estate deal, but it was used for gambling instead.

Lisa from K-pop girl group Blackpink was a victim of fraud by her former manager, who scammed her out of 1 billion won (US$820,000).

This has been confirmed through a statement by her agency, YG Entertainment, that read: “After looking into the matter, we confirmed that Lisa was a victim of fraud by former manager ‘A’."

The statement on Soompi revealed that Lisa, whose real name is Lalisa Manoban, had chosen to “settle this amicably, as the former manager was someone Lisa had trusted”.

The manager has reimbursed a part of the sum and has since left the company after agreeing on a payment plan for the rest of the money.

READ: Lady Gaga says she’s proud to be Blackpink’s ‘fifth member’ on new collaboration

YG Entertainment added that they were “taking preventive measures so that this does not happen again.”

Korean media outlet Market News reported about the scam on Tuesday (Jun 2), writing that Lisa had given the money to the manager for real estate opportunities, who then used it for gambling.

A source told the outlet that “A” had worked with Blackpink since their debut and was someone that Lisa trusted from the early stages of her career. The source added that Lisa, who is Thai, had been in South Korea by herself since she was young, which left her “very vulnerable to these things”.

Blackpink recently collaborated with pop star Lady Gaga on a track for her newest album Chromatica. The song, called Sour Candy, was released last week and has since been a hit among fans.Over 3,000 died of Covid in the U.S. today. Trump said nothing.As much as we would all love to devote more time to nailing a fancy hairdo each and every morning, the realities of life — and the lure of an extra 20 minutes in bed — often get in the way. Enter Irene, the 29-year-old star of K-Pop band Red Velvet, whose sweet way with hair accessories instantly elevates the easiest of styles. It’s a lesson in how to make an impact, without spending hours in front of the mirror or suffering major arm cramps.

From polished ponytails that can be fixed in no time at all, to catwalk-approved finishing touches that will fool even discerning onlookers into thinking you’re a hair professional, this pop idol is your new source of chic and easy hair inspiration.

These are the nine Irene hair looks we’re trying pronto.KATHMANDU: Can K-pop boy group SM’s SuperM make it to the Grammys list? Billboard thinks so.

According to Billboard, SuperM can be one of the contenders vying for a nomination in the ‘Best New Artist’ category at the Grammy Awards.

Allkpop reports the magazine listed their guesses on which artistes will be awarded nominations this year, and the SM supergroup was listed as one of the artistes who are within reach of being a nominee.

Billboard stated SuperM “has a chance of becoming the first K-pop group to be nominated in this category with its self-titled EP, which debuted at No 1 on the Billboard 200”.

SuperM includes seven members from four SM Entertainment boy groups: Taemin from Shinee, Baekhyun and Kai from Exo, Taeyong and Mark from NCT 127 and Ten and Lucas from WayV.

The group debuted in October 2019 with their self-titled EP, which entered the Billboard 200 at No1, making SuperM the second group in history from South Korea to top the US album chart, as well as the first Korean act to top the chart with their debut release. Their debut title song, Jopping, is among Billboard ‘s Critics’ picks of ’25 Best K-pop Songs’ of the year.

ARMYs however, are not happy that their beloved BTS have been left out of the Billboard predictions, Kpopstarz reports.

The forecasts are based largely on the accomplishments of the performers’ Billboard chart. Even after remarkably high graph records and sales from BTS, they aren’t included in the list of Best Bets, Good Chance, or Within Reach for prospective candidates.

Fans have expressed their shock at this.

“Surprised that BTS is not on the list? not at all … even though it is the one that sells the most stadiums there in the USA … the credibility of the academy is already at stake.”

“I don’t listen to their music but by their success, they should be there! I’ve seen some videos about them and they seem very talented. Idk why they wouldn’t be nominated.”

Some have also argued the Grammys is “manipulated” and biased.

“BTS deserves to be here, but I’m not even surprised, we all know it’s rigged.”

“I want to ask this writer Paul Grein to explain to us why not BTS they have got numbers they have got sales their music is up to the mark but still not considered for it??”

Potential candidates for 63rd Grammy Awards will be announced at a later date. The event is scheduled for January 31, 2021.

Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookAhead of today's drop of her new single, “pporappippam 보라빛 밤”, K-pop star Sunmi sat down with Vogue Korea to share the Korean skin-care essentials she keeps in her Louis Vuitton purse. Although she noted her lineup is recommended for those whose skin "feels dry inside," I'm sure it will help anyone achieve Sunmi's clear, dewy complexion.

The first product she pulled out of her bag was the Dr. Jart Vital Hydra Solution Biome Toner. "I think I went through five of these already," Sunmi revealed. After washing off her makeup, she pats it on to help smooth her skin. Sadly, the prebiotic-spiked fluid isn't available in America yet.

Sunmi's next pick was the Dermatory Pro Hyal Shot Moisture Ampoule, which plumps skin and lock in moisture with ceramides and sodium hyaluronate, a derivative of hyaluronic acid with a lower molecular weight for quicker, deeper absorption. She mixes it with the Korean brand's Pro Hyal 100% Hyaluron Cube, which is a solid, pure square of hydrolyzed hyaluronic acid, to create what she calls a "moisture bomb" for her skin. You can shop the duo as a kit on Olive Young's website.

For an extra layer of hydration, she slathers on the Dr. Jart Cicapair Cream. The fragrance-free moisturizer "helps with soothing irritated skin," she explains. Even Allure editors in America and Korea can attest to how calming and nourishing the centella asiatica-infused cream is. We're also partial to the serum from the same line.

To combat breakouts, Sunmi always keeps a bottle of the Mediheal A-Zero Shot Pink Dressing in her purse. Like the classic Mario Badescu Drying Lotion, it's a pink calamine-and-sulfur powder topped with a liquid layer of salicylic acid and tea tree oil. She mentioned she dabs it on whenever she gets a pimple (or pops one).

Her favorite lip balm from Dior, the Lip Glow in 006 Berry, made an appearance, too. Although the it looks purple in the tube, Sunmi swears it's more of a toned-down pink on lips.

The singer also shared the $115 Italian body lotion she's on the third bottle of: the Santa Maria Novella Idrasol Cream. The rich formula has a warm rose gardenia scent that clings to her clothes because she uses it so often.

The lone hair-care product Sunmi brought to the shoot was the conditioner she's been using a lot lately: the Le Labo Hinoki Conditioner.

You can watch the full video below to catch Sunmi's fashion essentials and favorite snacks.

All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.
• None Sunmi Will Change Your Mind About Pigtails
• None Watercolor Eye Makeup Is Trending Everywhere Right Now With the Help of Sunmi
• None 5 Stunning Makeup Looks From Sunmi's Music Video for "Siren"

Now, watch Eric Name try nine things he's never done before:BTS member V, who is known as the 'Ultimate Stan Attractor' of the K-pop industry, is going viral once again as non K-pop fans are falling for his insane vocal talent with his chart-topping solo track, Singularity. Check out their tweets for Taehyung below.

K-pop stans showed the world why they're such a loyal, hardworking fanbase with their recent gesture on Twitter to help smoothen the process of the Black Lives Matter movement. With Twitter hashtags like #BlueLivesMatter and #WhiteLivesMatter trying to steer the wheel to different propaganda, K-pop stans flooded these hashtags with fan cams of their idols and hence proved a worthwhile point. During this process, BTS member V became a viral sensation within the non K-pop fans, once again.

When the K-pop stans were asked to recommend a song from the genre that everyone would be addicted to, one ARMY member @Ietterforv suggested Taehyung's chart-topping solo track, Singularity, from Love Yourself: Tear. Immediately, non K-pop fans went gaga after the song asking about it and going feral over TaeTae for his insane vocal skills and charming personality. Twitter was flooded with messages about the 24-year-old singer and Singularity. Not that we blame them in the least!

Check out how non K-pop fans reacted to V's solo track, Singularity, below:

We bow down to you, King V!

ALSO READ: BTS member V termed 'Visual representative of K pop' by K media for his 15 handsome titles and gifted voice

The sudden attention that V is receiving is nothing new for the BTS member who is referred to as the 'Ultimate Stan Attractor' of the K-pop industry by K-media and netizens. This also isn't the first time that Singularity caught attention as last month too many came across the song and were surprised by how talented the singer is.

Amidst the non K-pop fans, over the years, V has been trending worldwide for being 'The Guy Next to Ariana' during the Grammys 2020 rehearsals, 'The Guy with the Long Black Coat' during BTS' New Year's Eve performance at Times Square, New York, 'The Guy with the Curly Hair' at the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball, 'The Guy with the Blue Hair' during BTS' appearance on Saturday Night Live, 'The Guy with the Mint Green Hair' at Grammys 2019, 'The Guy with the Green Mike' during BTS' Speak Yourself Saudi Arabia concert and 'Yellow Shirt Sensation' at Music Day in Japan.

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueA lot of edited videos of K-pop bands dancing on Hindi songs have been going viral lately. First, it was the world-famous boy band BTS dancing on the Salman Khan and Sushmita Sen'a song Chunari Chunari.

However, this time it is the extremely famous all-girl K-pop band, BLACKPINK. An Instagram handle, that is famous for its editing skills, pasted the video of BLACKPINK'S new song, How You Like That on the 90’s song, Pardesia. And it is the best thing that we have seen in a while.

The clip has been edited in such a way that it shows the perfect placement of the snippets from the K-pop video on the lyrics of the Hindi song.

Instagram fell in love with the video as soon as it was shared. Within a few hours, the clip garnered over 8k likes and a lot of comments. Netizens applauded editing of the video.

Have a look at some of the comments:

You can listen to the original tracks here.

That is not all, the same Instagram account also edited a video of the boy band BTS and placed it on Dus Bahane.

What do you think of the edit?

ALSO READ | K-pop group BTS dances to Chunari Chunari in epic mashup video. Viral, obviously

Coronavirus in India: Is social distancing possibleHyuna and Hyojong are one of K-pop’s greatest love stories, but away from the media glare, the femme fatale and former Wonder Girls and 4Minute member is more than her sassy stage presence suggestsC’était la grande question du week-end : des fans de K-pop et des utilisateurs de TikTok sont-ils vraiment derrière le fiasco du dernier meeting de Donald Trump, à Tulsa (Oklahoma) ? Dans la nuit du samedi 20 au dimanche 21 juin, le président américain s’est présenté dans un stade inhabituellement vide. Selon le New York Times, des utilisateurs de l’application TikTok et des admirateurs de pop coréenne revendiquaient (en partie) la responsabilité de ce fiasco, assurant avoir réservé des centaines de milliers de billets pour faire croire à un immense engouement autour de ce meeting.

Sur Twitter, l’une des autrices de l’article explique ne pas penser que cette blague était responsable du peu de public présent, « mais qu’elle avait poussé la campagne à promouvoir des chiffres bidons qui ont sans aucun doute biaisé les attentes du public, ce qui a rendu ce fiasco encore pire ».

Cette affaire a placé une nouvelle fois la génération Z (née à partir de 1997), les « tiktokeurs » et les fans de K-pop sous le feu des projecteurs. L’élue démocrate de New York à la Chambre des représentants Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez s’est d’ailleurs fendue d’un message laudateur à leur égard. « Alliés de la K-pop, nous voyons et apprécions également vos contributions dans la lutte pour la justice », écrit-elle.

C’est la deuxième fois en moins d’un mois que les fans de K-pop attirent l’attention des médias. Ils s’étaient déjà fait remarquer il y a quelques semaines pour leur implication dans le mouvement Black Lives Matter, que ce soit en donnant un peu plus de visibilité au mouvement, en noyant des hashtags suprémacistes ou en s’attaquant à une application de la police de Dallas (Texas).

Comme avec le mouvement Anonymous, il est compliqué d’envisager les fans de K-pop comme un bloc homogène, explique dans une tribune au Guardian Tamar Herman, journaliste et autrice de BTS : Blood, Sweat & Tears (en anglais, non traduit), du nom de l’ultra-populaire groupe BTS :

« S’il est facile de dire “fans de K-pop” pour qualifier ce mouvement, il n’est pas centralisé, officiel. Il s’agit juste d’individus qui se trouvent être des fans de K-pop et qui utilisent leurs valeurs combinées pour faire bouger les choses. Il y a une grande diversité au sein de ce groupe. »

« Il est difficile de généraliser », confirme au Monde CedarBough Saeji, professeure invitée en langues et cultures asiatiques à l’université Indiana, à Bloomington (Etats-Unis). « Ce qui est intéressant, c’est qu’en dehors de la Corée, aux Etats-Unis ou en France, ils sont souvent issus des minorités. De nombreux universitaires ont d’ailleurs déjà évoqué le fait que la K-pop peut être un espace alternatif avec d’autres modèles et qui permet de s’éloigner de l’idée de consommer une culture hégémonique. Il y a un côté affranchisseur. »

L’hétérogénéité de ce mouvement s’explique aussi par sa taille. Selon une étude menée par la Korea Foundation, près de 100 millions de personnes sont associées à des fan-clubs liés à la pop culture sud-coréenne dans le monde (principalement de la K-pop et des séries). Si la plupart se trouvent en Asie et en Océanie, la fondation estime qu’ils sont 15 millions en Europe et 12 millions en Amérique.

L’une des grandes forces d’une partie des fans de K-pop est qu’ils sont très présents sur le Web et qu’« ils sont très doués quand il s’agit d’effectuer des démonstrations de force pour montrer leur influence en ligne », comme l’explique Michelle Cho, enseignante-chercheuse à l’université de Toronto.

Twitter est probablement le réseau social où cette puissance de frappe est la plus visible. En janvier, il indiquait que les groupes de K-pop et leurs fans le dominaient en matière de chiffres : 6,1 milliards de messages avaient ainsi été échangés en 2019, soit presque 17 millions par jour, ou 11 000 par minute. « Leur capacité à dominer les sujets de conversation en ligne ne doit rien au hasard : apprendre comment donner de la visibilité à son groupe préféré fait partie du fandom K-pop », résume la MIT Technology Review :

« Les fans apprennent des tactiques pour aider leurs groupes à exploser dans les vues YouTube. Des groupes de fans diffusent les nouveaux clips et morceaux de musique sur YouTube et Spotify pendant des heures. Ils créent des mèmes et les partagent largement. Ils sont si bons à manipuler les chiffres des réseaux sociaux que les personnes qui découvrent la K-pop en action peuvent, à première vue, confondre les comptes avec des bots. »

En 2019, le groupe coréen BTS était l’artiste musical qui suscitait le plus d’engagement sur Twitter, devant Ariana Grande, Drake, Rihanna, Cardi B, Justin Bieber ou Beyoncé.

Mais, jusque-là, les démonstrations de force politiques étaient rares, comme l’explique CedarBough Saeji :

« La K-pop a toujours été plus sociale que politique. On a l’habitude de voir des fans de K-pop travailler sur des projets de reforestation ou de construction de maisons dans des pays du tiers-monde, par exemple. Et les stars leur demandent de s’investir là-dedans, plutôt que de leur envoyer des cadeaux. »

Pour autant, voir certains fans adopter une posture plus politique n’est pas surprenant, indique-t-elle, rappelant que nombre d’entre eux ne partagent pas les valeurs de Donald Trump :

« Ils parlaient [déjà] de justice sociale et le mouvement Black Lives Matter est un mouvement de justice sociale. Ce sont des Américains de 20-30 ans, dont les opinions politiques sont à l’opposé de celles de Trump. Ils sont ouverts sur le monde, veulent en savoir plus sur d’autres langues, d’autres cultures. Après la mort de George Floyd et la résurgence du mouvement Black Lives Matter, ces jeunes fans déjà politisés et qui, pour certains, vivent le racisme systémique dans leur vie de tous les jours se sont dit qu’ils pouvaient utiliser les mêmes techniques. Et plutôt que de soutenir leur groupe préféré, ils pouvaient inonder un hashtag d’un groupe nationaliste et l’empêcher de s’organiser. »

Mais un tel coup de projecteur sur leurs capacités pose également des questions sur une éventuelle récupération à venir. « Lorsqu’un groupe utilise efficacement ces algorithmes, ses soutiens ont tendance à le célébrer », écrit sur Twitter la sociologue Zeynep Tüfekçi, spécialiste des mouvements sur les réseaux sociaux :

« En 2012, lorsque quelques-uns d’entre nous ont tenté de prévenir que le rôle que Facebook jouait aux élections n’était pas sain pour la démocratie, c’était tombé dans l’oreille d’un sourd. Il a fallu 2016 pour réaliser que les outils ne restent pas toujours aux mains des mêmes. Les gens devraient se demander comment cela va être transformé en arme – parce que ce sera le cas – et ce qui arrivera à la sphère publique. Comment pourrions-nous concevoir des choses pour des résultats plus sains ? »

C’est d’ailleurs ce que redoute la sociologue Gabriella Coleman, interrogée par la MIT Technology Review : « Certains coins de l’extrême droite vont innover en réponse à tout ça. Ils ne sont pas encore visibles, mais finiront par l’être. »From 17-step beauty regimes to squatting over a hot steam bath to er, cleansing out your lady bits, there is a reason (or rather, many reasons) why Korean women have that poreless, flawless skin we all covet – sheer dedication.

Check out these tips by 12 of your favourite K-stars, and pat, prime and soothe your way to #wokeuplikethis skin.

Glowing skin that looks poreless – Jessica Jung achieves her skin perfection by “heating” up her skincare products after application to encourage absorption.

Just rub your palms together to generate a little heat and hold over your face without touching your skin.

How this works is that your body heat opens up your pores slightly and makes your skin cells more receptive and responsive to your beauty products.

As a singer, Song Ji-Eun understands the importance of drinking water in order to keep her vocal cords hydrated, but she also emphasises hydration in her skincare regime.

She drinks up to four litres a day and cites it as the secret behind her glistening, radiant skin.

Water helps to flush away the toxins in your body, and as your body is made of about 60per cent water, it is crucial in maintaining healthy skin function and oil-to-water balance.

3. Song Joong-Ki: Milk it for all it’s worth

Literally. The Descendant of the Sun actor owes his enviably smooth and fair complexion to his nightly routine of washing his face with milk.

While it might sound a little strange, think about the last time you had a milk bath at the spa – didn’t your skin feel luxuriously smooth after?

Some dermatologists even recommend it, as milk reportedly helps to remove oil-soluble impurities with the help of the fat-soluble enzyme lipase and protein-based impurities and dead skin cells with lactic acid.

It also great for soothing sunburns and calming skin, but be sure to use raw or unpasteurized milk.

Pimples are just the worst, but this is especially so for models.

Irene Kim shares this helpful hack for those annoying zits that appear right before an important event: blast hot water to steam up your shower, and soak a cotton pad with some toner and apply directly onto your breakouts.

The steam opens up your pores and allows the properties of your toner to absorb better.

For this tip, look for toners that contain ingredients like witch hazel or tea tree oil as they are known to help reduce inflammation.

For popular actress Ha Ji-won, nothing is more important that moisturising.

She values it above all other skincare tips, and ensures her skin does not stay dry for more than three seconds.

After washing her face, she immediately applies a jelly pack (from her skincare line J-One) to restore moisture lost during cleansing.

She is so strict about this that she recommends always having a facial mist within reach if your skincare products are away from your shower.

Actress Song Hye-Kyo is all about DIY masks, despite endorsing one of the biggest K-beauty brands. Her favourite recipe is a simple blend of egg whites and honey (ideally an active honey), applied fortnightly.

Simply massage onto your skin until dry, and rinse off with warm water.

Honey is a natural antibacterial agent and is great for acne treatment and prevention, and is also chock-full of antioxidants and moisturising properties which help to slow down signs of aging and visibly plump your skin.

Meanwhile, egg whites help to shrink your pores by tightening the skin – the perfect mask, in our opinion.

Member of popular boy band group BTS is no stranger to skin complaints (who says men don’t take care of their skin), and is particularly concerned about the elasticity of his skin.

A frequent traveler, he recommends dampening cotton pads with toner and double moisturising to avoid losing too much moisture and arriving at your destination with beautiful, glowing skin.

She is one of Korea’s most famous beauty gurus, with over a whopping three million subscribers on Youtube, so you can be sure any tips from Pony are 100 per cent legit.

She swears by washing her face with green tea water, made by soaking bags of green tea in warm water.

Green tea has an anti-inflammatory effect on the skin that can help to reduce redness and puffiness.

Pony recommends doing this twice a week for best results.

Actress, singer and all-round idol Bae Suzy owes her glowing skin to what she dubs as the “424” method, which entails four minutes of rubbing a cleansing oil over her face to remove make up, followed by two minutes with a foaming cleanser and a final four minutes of with water.

Also known as ‘double cleansing’, this method ensures you’ve truly removed all traces of makeup and dirt that have accumulated over the course of a day, which provides the foundation for flawless skin and drastically reduces the chances of breakouts.

Are you cleansing your skin the smart way?

According to actress Go Hyun-Jung (whose skin looks positively radiant despite her hectic schedule), she recommends cleansing the T-zone area first, followed by your cheeks.

This is because the former area tends to be oilier than the latter, and by cleansing your cheeks last, you ensure the drier areas are not exposed to cleanser for too long.

Over-cleansing = drier skin = more sensitive skin that has been stripped of its moisture, which makes your skin compensate by producing more oil. You do the math.

11. Krystal Jung: Take it off

Krystal tells us in a previous interview, “The most important thing for me is to remove all the makeup completely before I go to sleep.

"I put on a lot of moisturising cream before I go to bed. That’s how I take care of my skin – nothing special.

"I never skip removing my makeup. Never! It’s really important.

"[And] I always ensure I drink a lot of water and work out as much as I can.”

Everyone has different skin types on different days, and Son Ye Jin understands this very well.

The Korean actress told us, “I believe there’s no one product that fits everyone or serves their skin concerns and purposes, so I try to allocate which products to use for when my skin is sensitive or dry, etc.”

This article was first published in Her World Online, with additional reporting from CLEO Singapore.PETALING JAYA, June 23 — A FOX television anchor has come under fire for asking boyband TXT about K-pop fans sabotaging US president Donald Trump’s rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma last weekend.

The quintet consisting of Soobin, Yeonjun, Beomgyu, Taehyun, and Hueningkai were video-chatting with Good Day New York host Rosanna Scotto about their preparations for the online concert KCON:TACT when Scotto asked them about the incident.

“Apparently, over the weekend, the president was having a big rally and he thought a million people would show up.

“But a lot of K-Pop fans have said they actually got the tickets and faked out the president.

“Do you know anything about that whole movement of TikTok users and K-Pop fans getting those tickets for Trump’s rally and not showing up?” Scotto asked on air.

An awkward silence settled in and the members exchanged flustered glances before Yeonjun spoke up, saying that they were unaware of the situation as they were too busy preparing for the concert.

“We don’t know. We’re just preparing for KCON:TACT, and we were practising. That’s all,” said Yeonjun as his bandmates nodded along.

Some K-pop fans were offended at Scotto’s “disrespect” towards the K-pop band by shifting the topic from their music to American politics.

The news anchor later addressed the matter on Twitter and apologised for asking them the question, adding that she brought it up because the topic had trended on Twitter.

Various news outlets reported that TikTok users and K-pop fans had trolled Trump last weekend by reserving tickets to his rally in Tulsa though they had no intention of showing up, resulting in a smaller-than-expected audience at the arena.

Trump’s campaign manager Brad Parscale then issued a statement denying that TikTok users and K-pop fans had engineered the fiasco and blamed the low turnout on “fake news media” fueling fears about Covid-19 and unrest surrounding Black Lives Matter protests.At a gathering Trump held in Tulsa Yesterday (June 20), it was reported that a million people had registered for tickets, but only a few thousand actually showed up. Its thought that this is due to an undercover campaign, run by K-Pop fans, largely on TikTok, to sabotage the event. 



Fan of Korean pop bands reportedly worked together with other social media users, to register possible hundreds of thousands of fake tickets, to ruin Trumps rally. 



This isn’t the first time K-Pop fans have shown up to do activism work though, they also flooded an app set up by the Dallas Police Department, meant for members of the public to send in videos of protesters, with FanCam videos of their favourite K-Pop artists, causing the app to crash, and the drowned out the #WhiteLivesMatter hashtag, using the same wording, but for anti-racist messages. 



The work these fans put in meant that the arena was expected to be filled, and instead had a pathetically small gathering of people. With the timing of the gathering, K-Pop fans may well have prevented many people from attending the possibly dangerous, and irresponsible, event. 



As if that wasn’t bad enough for the President, Tom Petty’s 1989 song ‘I won’t back down’ was played at the rally, and now his estate have issued Donald Trump’s election campaign a cease and desist order. 



Petty’s family also released a statement on the late musicians social media, stating ‘Trump was in no way authorised to use this song to further a campaign that leaves too many Americans and common sense behind. 



Both the late Tom Petty and his family firmly stand against racism and discrimination of any kind. Tom Petty would never want a song of his used for a campaign of hate. He liked to bring people together.’ 



The statement continued, making clear that the song was intended ‘for the underdog, for the common man, and for EVERYONE’, ending with ‘we have issued an official cease and desist notice to the Trump campaign.’, Petty’s family Adria, Annakim, Dana and Jane Petty, signing off on the statement. 



Many things can be said about Trump, and having large gatherings during a pandemic, but the surest thing to be said, is that Trump surely wasn’t expecting his rally to be ruined by fans of Korean pop music, and Tom Petty’s family to be rightly angry at his campaign for using his music.LOS ANGELES, June 22, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- LiveXLive Media, Inc. (NASDAQ: LIVX) ("LiveXLive"), a global platform for live stream and on-demand audio, video and podcast content in music, comedy and pop culture, announced today it will produce an international pay-per-view (PPV) event with global K-Pop sensation Monsta X. In collaboration with Starship Entertainment, LiveXLive will exclusively live stream the band's only full-length global performance scheduled for 2020.

The event is scheduled for Saturday, July 25 at 8 p.m. PT / 11 p.m. ET / Sunday, July 26 at 12 p.m. KT. Ticket sales will kick off on June 26, 2020 on LiveXLive's site and apps, available at .

Monsta X is a South Korean K-Pop group formed through the reality survival show No.Mercy by Starship Entertainment. The group is composed of six members: Shownu, Minhyuk, Kihyun, Hyungwon, Jooheon, and I.M. -- has over 14 million social followers and a passionate and super engaged fan base. Earlier this year, Monsta X, released its first English-language album "All About Luv' and also debuted at No. 5 on the Billboard 200 Chart, making it the 3rd K-Pop group to chart within the top 10. The album garnered rave reviews from NPR, ET, Variety, Access, AP, Forbes, Consequence Of Sound, Billboard, and TIME. They have sold out shows in Madison Square Garden, Hulu Theater and Staples Arena in the United States.

LiveXLive and Monsta X will redefine the PPV experience by including unique behind the scenes footage, docureality-style coverage coupled with premium tiered pricing with tickets that include VIP experiences, exclusive merchandise, meet-and-greets, and other event-exclusive perks. With prices starting at $19.99, the event is anticipated to be a milestone in the emerging PPV arena given the Monsta X's international following that reaches millions of devoted fans.

"We are so excited to play this one of a kind global concert with so many surprises for our fans - Monbebe," said the band. "We miss everyone so much and since we couldn't tour this year, we want to give you the opportunity to see us live and spend a few hours together. This is our message to the world, we are all one, and this is the time for Monbebe and people from all over the world to join us live at the same time, and bring new energy to the world."

The pay-per-view concert marks the first and only time Monsta X will perform this particular set list, combining both English-language and Korean-language songs. The event will feature never-before-seen choreographed routines as well as backstage footage, interviews and fan interaction. Monsta X last toured in the United States as part of iHeartRadio's Jingle Ball and recently teamed up with Steve Aoki for the English-language collaboration "Play It Cool," which tallied 30 million-plus total streams, held a prominent spot on the Billboard Hot Dance/Electronic Songs Chart and earned critical praise.

"We're thrilled to partner with Monsta X to exclusively produce and live stream this unique and cutting edge pay-per-view concert performance," said Robert Ellin, CEO and Chairman of LiveXLive. "Fans will be able to experience never before seen backstage activities as well personal interviews and interaction with the band."

Ellin added "PPV in digital music is about to explode and given our leadership position in delivering premium livestreams, digital audio and on-demand from the world's top artists and festivals it's only logical for us to lead the way in this emerging and exciting space."

Since it announced pay-per-view and digital touring in May 2020, LiveXLive has sold over 10,000 tickets at an average ticket price of $20 and produced over 50 pay-per-view events with talent like Dispatch, Ripe, Mihali, Chromeo, James Petralli, Twiddle, Ani DiFranco's Long Time Gone, and nationally-known festival Live From Out There. LiveXLive's PPV initiative will drive a new revenue-sharing model for both artists and LiveXLive via digital ticket sales, fan tipping, digital meet and greets, merchandise sales and sponsorship, enabling artists to go direct-to-consumer using LiveXLive's PPV platform.

Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, LiveXLive Media, Inc. (NASDAQ: LIVX) (the "Company") (pronounced Live "by" Live) is a global platform for live stream and on-demand audio, video and podcast content in music, comedy, and pop culture. LiveXLive, which has streamed over 1000 events in 2020, has become a go-to partner for the world's top artists and celebrity voices as well as music festivals concerts, including Rock in Rio, EDC Las Vegas, and many others. In April 2020, LiveXLive produced its first 48-hour music festival called "Music Lives" with tremendous success as it earned over 50 million views and over 5 billion views for #musiclives on TikTok on 100+ performances. LiveXLive's library of global events, video-audio podcasts and original shows are also available on Amazon, Apple TV, Roku and Samsung TVs in addition to its own app, destination site and social channels. For more information, visit and follow LiveXLive on , , , at @livexlive, and .

Forward-Looking Statements

All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this press release are "forward-looking statements," which may often, but not always, be identified by the use of such words as "may," "might," "will," "will likely result," "would," "should," "estimate," "plan," "project," "forecast," "intend," "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "seek," "continue," "target" or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including: the Company's reliance on one key customer for a substantial percentage of its revenue; the Company's ability to consummate the proposed acquisition of PodcastOne and the timing of the closing of the proposed transaction, including the risks that a condition to closing would not be satisfied within the expected timeframe or at all or that the closing of the proposed acquisition will not occur; the Company's ability to attract, maintain and increase the number of its users and paid subscribers; the Company identifying, acquiring, securing and developing content; the Company's ability to maintain compliance with certain financial and other covenants; the Company successfully implementing its growth strategy, including relating to its technology platforms and applications; management's relationships with industry stakeholders; the effects of the global Covid-19 pandemic; changes in economic conditions; competition; and other risks, uncertainties and factors including, but not limited to, those described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, filed with the the SEC on June 24, 2019, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020, and in the Company's other filings and submissions with the SEC. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof and the Company disclaims any obligations to update these statements, except as may be required by law. The Company intends that all forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.KATHMANDU: V aka Taehyung of BTS has been dubbed ‘Absolute King of K-pop’ by a popular Japanese media following the popularity of Sweet Night, the soundtrack for the South Korean drama Itaewon Class.

According to allkpop.com, one of the popular Japanese media, Yahoo Japan highlighted BTS’ V as the ‘Absolute King of K-pop’ in their recent review of South Korean drama Itaewon Class.

 

 The review calls the drama a ‘hit’ and praises the original tracks of the drama that matches the sentiment of the play including V, the online portal adds.

V debuted his new solo single Sweet Night at No 2 on Billboard’s Digital Song Sales chart, which ranks the bestselling tracks in the US every week looking at data from online stores like iTunes, Amazon and so on.



Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookThe renowned K-Pop girl group, TWICE, is back after nine months with their latest mini-album, More And More. The new mini-album features all nine members of TWICE, Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu.

More And More happens to be TWICE's ninth album, which they released today, on June 01, 2020, along with a high octane music video that was adored by their massive fan following.

K-Pop girl group TWICE drops their latest music video for More And More

Also Read | K-pop Artists Collaborate With UNESCO To Spread Awareness On COVID-19; Watch

Above is the official music video for More And More that was shared online by JYP Entertainment's YouTube Channel. The video was released on June 01, 2020, and it already has over 2.8 million views on YouTube. More And More is also available on Spotify, Apple Music, iTunes, TWICE's Official Shop.

More And More was composed by Uzoechi Emenike, Justin Tranter, Julia Michaels, and Zara Larsson. Park Jin Young and BIBI worked to pen down the lyrics for the K-Pop Song.

Also Read | K-Pop Star Kim Jaejoong Claims The COVID-19 Prank On April Fool's Was To Spread Awareness

More And More's music video features all nine members of TWICE. As soon as the video begins, all nine members of the group appear on screen in a surrealistic fantasy jungle. One of the strongest points of the music video is its visuals. The jungle backdrop for TWICE's More And More is colourful, charming, and extravagant.

Similar to other songs from TWICE, More And More is full of high energy beats and lyrics. The upbeat song has both Korean as well as English lyrics. All nine members of TWICE also show off their brilliant dance moves in the music video for More And More. In fact, many fans in the comment section of the video felt like TWICE's amazing dance was the highlight of More And More.

More And More happens to be TWICE's comeback song, as they K-pop Girl Group was dormant for the past nine months. TWICE's last song was Feel Special that was released on September 23, 2019. Meanwhile, a few days ago, on May 28, 2020, TWICE's Dahyun celebrated her 22nd birthday. On the occasion of her birthday, she treated her fans by playing the piano and singing her solo version of Feel Special.

Also Read | BTS Band's Staggering Net Worth Shows Why They Rule The World Of K-POP; Details Here

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.Hot on the high heels of K-pop favourites Blackpink, Red Velvet and Twice are these three girl bands who are making waves across the worldClaire Goforth is an award winning journalist covering politics and justice from her home base in Jacksonville, Florida. Her work has appeared in publications ranging from regional alt-weeklies to Al Jazeera.KATHMANDU: K-pop sensation BIGBANG was set to make their highly awaited music return at ‘Coachella 2020’ but with the cancellation of the music festival, the boy band won’t be able to show their action anytime soon.

Coachella 2020, originally scheduled for April was moved to October but as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to rise worldwide, the event has been cancelled.

The cancellation means the VIPs have to wait more to see their favourite stars — G-Dragon, T.O.P, Taeyang, and Daesung — come together for a performance.

According to Hellokpop, back in March, YG Entertainment announced that all four members of BIGBANG have renewed their contracts. This marked the band’s third renewal since their previous signing in 2011 and 2015.

Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookDonald Trump’s ingenious idea to stage a massive indoor rally in the middle of a pandemic failed to attract the huge crowds his ego so desperately desires. Officials reported that fewer than 6,200 tickets had been scanned for the 19,000-capacity BOK Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Trump‘s campaign team predictably blamed the media and protesters for scaring off his supporters. But reporters on the ground noted few protests outside the venue. Nor did they spot many people being turned away from the event.

Had Trump‘s fans finally given up on their terrifying president? Or had they had merely decided that squeezing inside an arena crammed with maskless droolers might not be worth risk? The New York Times cited a very different reason for the low turnout: teenage TikTok users and K-pop fans grabbing “potentially hundreds of thousands of tickets” for the rally — as a prank.

Thousands of TikTok videos and tweets encouraged followers to register for free tickets — and then no-show the event. Many users then deleted their posts to hide their plans.

“It spread mostly through Alt TikTok — we kept it on the quiet side where people do pranks and a lot of activism,” YouTuber Elijah Daniel told the NYT. “K-pop Twitter and Alt TikTok have a good alliance where they spread information amongst each other very quickly. They all know the algorithms and how they can boost videos to get where they want.”

Brad Parscale, the chairman of Mr. Trump’s re-election campaign, downplayed their impact, attracting a withering response from New York Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez:

The entire piece is worth a read, as it illustrates how protestors can harness social media to make an impact on politics — even if they’re still not old enough to vote. Find it here on NYT.

Read next: AI could help astronomers unravel the mystery of dark matter"Alô kpopers, precisamos de vocês", dizia a mensagem da jornalista Débora Lopes no Twitter, seguida de uma imagem de um tuíte de Douglas Garcia pedindo informações sobre ativistas antifascistas que ocuparam as ruas nos dois últimos domingos pelas capitais brasileiras. Lopes fez a postagem na brincadeira e não fazia ideia da repercussão que teria. O chamado rendeu quase 500 comentários, um milhão de impressões e a comunidade respondeu prontamente. Fãs postaram prints com "denúncias" que continham fotos e nomes de artistas de música pop sul-coreana, o kpop.

O ritmo que vibra na cabeça dos adolescentes é marcado por uma comunidade extremamente ativa de fãs nas redes sociais. Eles sobem hashtags para promover seus idols (como são conhecidos os artistas de kpop) favoritos, curtem, postam e compartilham assiduamente clipes novos de suas bandas preferidas e criam fancams — breves vídeos ou gifs dos idols — para tornar os artistas ainda mais populares, mas não é uma comunidade conhecida por ser politicamente ativa; apenas estridente nas redes sociais. Em 2020, entretanto, frente aos protestos antirracistas que se espalham pelo mundo, os fãs de kpop também se posicionaram em prol do #blacklivesmatter.

Nos Estados Unidos, os fãs derrubaram um aplicativo da polícia de Dallas, no Texas, que buscava informações sobre manifestantes, possivelmente para incriminá-los. Dias depois, subverteram o sentido da #whitelivesmatter no Twitter, inicialmente criada por racistas, mas que acabou sendo usada para promover fandoms e postar mensagens contra o racismo. No Brasil, houve um movimento parecido nas redes sociais de fandoms (grupos de fãs), apoiando a #vidaspretasimportam.

Érica Imenes, jornalista e escritora, autora de "K-Pop: Manual de Sobrevivência" e "K-Pop: Além da Sobrevivência", conta ao TAB que há histórico de fandoms engajados em causas sociais — como doação de dinheiro para comunidades carentes ou causas ambientais. Mas o fator político dentro dos grupos de fãs é novo, apesar de não ser uma surpresa. "As redes sociais são um habitat natural da comunidade kpop, e são movidas por algoritmo e engajamento. É um público conhecido por ser muito digitalmente ativo. É orgânico que eles façam uso e articulação nas redes também para propósitos assim", diz Imenes.

A internet foi decisiva para que a cultura coreana ganhasse a visibilidade que ganhou nos últimos anos. A legião de fãs nasceu dentro do meio digital — e esse é um dos fatores que explica o "levante kpoper" nos protestos de 2020. "O ambiente virtual deu visibilidade a certas pautas, da mesma forma que deu visibilidade ao kpop e aos fãs que ficavam na obscuridade num momento pré digital", explica ao TAB Krystal Urbano, professora e pesquisadora em comunicação da UFF (Universidade Federal Fluminense) e coordenadora adjunta do grupo MidiÁsia, que estuda cultura asiática contemporânea. Hoje, os jovens têm acesso a discursos e narrativas muito mais diversas do que a comunidade Otaku (de fãs de cultura japonesa) teve, por exemplo, por causa da internet, e conseguiu se propagar mais facilmente.

A onda bateu tão forte no mundo ocidental que até a Lady Gaga, em seu último álbum, gravou uma música em parceria com um grupo de kpop, o Blackpink. Graças à era da internet, a Hallyu (onda da cultura coreana) se consolidou pelo mundo e, por isso, também ganhou dimensão política. "Há um movimento do pop sendo utilizado como ferramenta política. Temos que lembrar que existe o ativismo de fãs para fins de entretenimento, mas isso não impede que esse ativismo perpasse por pautas ideológicas e políticas da sociedade", observa Urbano."A utilização de hashtags e movimentação dos fãs de kpop e cultura asiática pelo mundo — especialmente na América Latina, no sentido de movimento político —, é uma consequência natural da onda coreana no Brasil. Há um desenvolvimento próprio e uma apropriação à brasileira, mas está consolidada."

Por isso, a comunidade também é muito heterogênea e marcada por pessoas que buscam fugir de padrões ocidentais, sejam de beleza ou de estilo de vida. "Uma coisa que une os fãs é que a maioria são pessoas que não se identifica com os padrões ocidentais. Elas não se sentem representadas pelas músicas brasileiras e americanas que a gente consome. São pessoas que gostam de conteúdo mais visual, com dança, com letras muitas vezes consideradas inocentes", diz Lucas Jotten, produtor cultural do ramo, em entrevista ao TAB.

Nessa heterogeneidade, há muitos fãs negros, principalmente entre os brasileiros, e o racismo é um debate presente — tanto o que afeta pessoas negras quanto o que ofende os asiáticos. "Ter acesso a uma cultura diferente cria uma nova perspectiva do que é o normal e faz as pessoas questionarem o preconceito sobre o diferente. É uma comunidade que também sofre racismo e homofobia, eles não se encaixam e têm uma visão diferente sobre a diversidade", aponta Jotten.

Imenes é negra e conta que o racismo é uma pauta constante em sua produção de conteúdo, inclusive quando o assunto é o kpop. "A comunidade é formada por pessoas que estão inseridas em uma sociedade. Se essa sociedade é racista, é normal — apesar de não ser ideal — que ela reflita esse comportamento. Como acontece em qualquer outro lugar, a gente vai ter situações de preconceito e racismo", lamenta. "Falando como uma mulher negra na comunidade, vejo que não é comum as pessoas entenderem que é um espaço também para pessoas negras, o que é um conceito racista, como se existissem tipos específicos de música que podemos gostar e lugares que podemos frequentar. Mas temos direito a cultivar gostos diferentes."

Para ela, pessoas negras dentro da comunidade adicionam pluralidade à cultura do kpop, o que é uma vantagem. "É possível ocupar esse espaço e curtir, ter orgulho da própria negritude enquanto fã de kpop e acrescentar algo. Nossa identidade racial é nossa — e a gente não deixa de ser menos negro porque curte kpop. Nossa negritude não pode ser colocada em xeque nem por nós mesmos nem por ninguém", diz.

Outro fator que favoreceu a mobilização da comunidade "kpopeira" nos protestos de 2020 foi o posicionamento dos idols. O BTS, conjunto de kpop mais popular do mundo, incomodou alguns fãs que já haviam criticado o grupo por uma polêmica envolvendo Suga, um de seus membros, que gravou uma música que citava o discurso de um supremacista branco estadunidense. A gravadora se desculpou. Outros grupos também já haviam sido acusados de praticar o blackface (quando pessoas brancas pintam o rosto para escurecer a pele e se passar por uma pessoa negra).

Após alguns dias de silêncio, o BTS defendeu a #blacklivesmatter no Twitter e anunciou uma doação para a causa. "Eles são influenciadores também. Tudo o que fazem impacta as pessoas que os seguem e os admiram", afirma Imenes. "O posicionamento de figuras de idols em assuntos sociais, raciais e políticos é um pontapé inicial para apresentar temáticas em que muitos fãs podem nunca ter se engajado, iniciar diálogos. É importante posicionamento, contanto que venha com ações — no kpop ou fora dele", conclui.

É curioso observar, também, como a legião de fãs subverte valores da realidade sul-coreana. No país, a busca por cirurgias plásticas e por ideais de beleza que passam pelo embranquecimento é alta. "Não podemos dizer que é uma sociedade com ideários de diversidade, mas alguns artistas vêm arriscando até sua popularidade para defender causas", afirma Urbano. "Poucos têm coragem, ainda há muita resistência na sociedade sul-coreana nesse sentido. Mas é interessante observar como os fãs dos Estados Unidos e do Brasil estão se utilizando de um produto de entretenimento para fins políticos e narrativas de pautas políticas locais", aponta. A pesquisadora lembra a presença de figuras da cultura otaku (japonesa) nos protestos no Chile em 2019, que também chamou a atenção da mídia e de outros fãs da cultura asiática.

Por serem influenciadores principalmente de pessoas jovens, Jotten espera que o posicionamento dos idols também mexa com a cabeça e com os valores das novas gerações para o lado positivo. "Acho que começaram a entender a importância da juventude. O jovem é muito forte e pode ocasionar mudanças na sociedade", opina o produtor cultural.

Para Urbano, o BTS representa um grande modelo de sucesso e é exemplo para a juventude do mundo todo. Por isso, o apoio das "armys" (fandom do BTS) pode ser positivo para o movimento antirracista. "Há um benefício a longo prazo. A comunidade do pop é imensa e, no recorte asiático, há um universo de fãs globais. Essas manifestações se tornam visíveis para um público não diretamente envolvido", afirma.O quarteto seguiu um caminho contrário ao do BTS e se tornou o grupo de k-pop feminino favorito da indústria norte-americana

Se existe um grupo de k-pop que conseguiu conquistar a indústria da música mundial na mesma intensidade que o BTS, este grupo é o Blackpink. O quarteto feminino formado por Jennie, Jisoo, Lisa e Rosé se tornou um dos nomes favoritos da cena pop asiática e norte-americana.

Como o BTS, o Blackpink reuniu um fandom poderoso, quebrou recordes inéditos e conquistou grandes nomes da música pop. Contudo, a girl band conseguiu alcançar a fama global praticamente na metade do tempo necessário para RM, Jin, SUGA, J-Hope, Jimin, V, e Jungkook se consolidarem internacionalmente.

Considerando apenas os trabalhos em coreano, o BTS possui em sete anos de carreira quatro discos de estúdio, seis mini discos, dois discos especiais, um disco de singles e um disco reformulado, enquanto o Blackpink estreou há apenas quatro anos e possui três mini discos e um disco compilado.

Ao invés de apostar em mais de um comeback por ano - termo usado para o retorno do grupo com músicas novas - a girl band preferiu gerar grandes expectativas sobre cada lançamento da carreira, ou seja, todas as 13 canções da banda.

Nessa trajetória, o quarteto ultrapassou o Little Mix e o Fifth Harmony no Youtube e se tornou o grupo feminino com mais inscritos na plataforma ao chegar aos 37 milhões de inscrições. A marca histórica também bateu os mais de 31 milhões de inscritos no canal oficial do BTS.

Para entender detalhadamente a ascensão do maior grupo feminino de k-pop do mundo, a Rolling Stone Brasil fez uma linha do tempo com os principais acontecimentos da trajetória de Blackpink. Confira:

O Blackpink é um projeto da empresa de entretenimento sul-coreana YG Entertainment, responsável por lançar nomes como PSY, Big Bang e 2NE1, a girl band das divas do k-popCL, Park Bom, Minzy e Sandara Park.

Com o objetivo de criar um grupo mais voltado para o mercado mundial, a companhia começou a fazer testes em diferentes países para recrutar adolescentes com potencial de se tornarem estrelas globais.

Segundo a NME, Kim Jennie, conhecida apenas como Jennie, foi a primeira integrante a entrar para o programa de treinamento da girl band, em 2010. Nascida em 1996, na Coreia do Sul, a artista passou parte de infância e da adolescência estudando na Nova Zelândia, local onde foi aprovada no teste.

Ao longo do treinamento, a rapper fez parcerias com artistas renomados do k-pop como Lee Hi e Seungriantes de ser anunciada oficialmente como integrante do Blackpink.

Já a sul-coreana Kim Ji-Soo foi recrutada para o treinamento em 2011 e confirmada como membro do Blackpink três anos mais tarde, em 2013. Com 25 anos de idade, a cantora é conhecida pelo nome artístico Jisoo e é a integrante mais velha do grupo.

No mesmo ano que Jisoo foi selecionada, Lisa, cujo verdadeiro nome é Lalisa Manoban, também entrou para o programa. Nascida na Tailândia, a integrante mais nova da girl band fez o teste no país natal e se mudou para a Coreia do Sul com 14 anos sem nem mesmo saber falar a língua local.

+++ LEIA MAIS: Fãs de grupo de k-pop trabalham em fábricas de CDs para garantir lançamento de disco

Por fim, Park Chae Young, mais conhecida como Rosé, foi a última integrante escolhida para o treinamento. A cantora neozelandesa morava na Austrália quando foi aprovada para o teste e se mudou para a Coreia do Sul, em 2012. Como no processo de seleção, Rosé foi a última integrante anunciada do Blackpink.

Com Jennie, Jisoo, Lisa e Rosé, a YG Entertainment criou um quarteto promissor com artista trilíngues, as quais falam coreano, japonês e inglês - com exceção da Jisoo, que ao invés de ser fluente inglês, consegue conversar em chinês.

De acordo com a MTV News, um representante da empresa explicou que o nome Blackpink é uma “tentativa de contradizer” o conceito da cor rosa, normalmente associada com a beleza feminina.

“Na verdade, significa que ‘beleza não é tudo’ [...] Também simboliza que elas são um time que engloba não só beleza, mas muito talento”, disse o representante.

Em 2016, o Blackpink estava pronto para estrear no mercado da música sul-coreana. Com Lisa e Jennie como rappers e Jisoo e Rosé como cantoras principais, a girl band lançou o disco de singles Square One, composto pelos hits “Boombayah” e “Whistle”.

Na mesma semana de estreia, o quarteto apresentou as canções no programa Inkigayo, da emissora SBS, no qual ganhou o primeiro prêmio da carreira por “Whistle” apenas 13 dias depois da estreia das artistas. Segundo a SBS Austrália, essa foi a vitória mais rápida feita por um grupo feminino de k-pop na televisão.

Já nos Estados Unidos, cada canção registrou seis mil downloads nos primeiros três meses, além dos singles ocuparem o primeiro e segundo lugar no ranking de músicas digitais da Billboard.

Segundo a revista norte-americana, o Blackpink foi o sétimo grupo de k-pop a alcançar o topo da lista, porém, o quarteto foi o mais rápido a alcançar a posição. Já na Gaon Music Chart, a girl band ficou em primeiro lugar no ranking de streamings.

“Fui uma garota má, eu sei que sou / E eu sou tão gostosa, preciso de um fã / Eu não quero um garoto, eu preciso de um homem”, diz um trecho de “Boombayah”.

Entre vocais suaves e rimas provocativas, o Blackpink iniciou a carreira com dois singles que possuem tudo para alcançar o sucesso na cena pop: um refrão memorável, letras que exalam autoconfiança e melodias extremamente dançantes.

+++ LEIA MAIS: BTS faz performance de ‘Boy With Luv’ em ‘versão de quarentena’ do programa de James Corden; assista

O primeiro comeback do Blackpink foi feito ainda em 2016. Com Square Two, a girl band mostrou o lado açucarado dela com os singles “Playing With Fire” e “Stay”. O segundo disco de singles do grupo ficou em terceiro lugar no ranking de álbuns mundiais da Billboard. Já na Gaon Music Charts, o EP ocupou o terceiro lugar.

Os hits deram continuidade à trajetória de destaque do quarteto e conquistaram pela segunda vez o primeiro lugar do ranking de músicas digitais da Billboard. Os singles venderam cerca de 4 mil e 3 mil cópias, respectivamente, segundo a revista norte-americana.

+++ LEIA MAIS: Dois cantores de K-Pop são presos por estupros de vulneráveis

“Se você sente o mesmo, não me deixe hoje / Não me pergunte porque tem que ser você / Apenas fique do meu lado, fique comigo”, as artistas cantam em “Stay”.

Com quatro músicas lançadas, sem contar com a versão acústica de “Whistle”, o Blackpink focou nas performances ao vivo, no lançamento das versões japonesas das canções, e na relação com os fãs, apelidados de Blink - junção de Black com Pink.

Em 2017, a girl band divulgou o single “As if It’s Your Past”, uma mistura equilibrada do estilo musical mais feroz do primeiro mini disco com a sensibilidade do segundo. Além disso, as quatro cantoras começaram a série de vídeos no Youtube Blackpink House, na qual compartilharam momentos do cotidiano com os fãs.

Um ano mais tarde, o quarteto lançou o EP Square Up com quatro músicas inéditas, “Forever Young”, “Really”, “See U Later” e “Ddu-Du Ddu-Du”, o clipe mais visto da banda. Neste mesmo período, Jennie ganhou a primeira - e por enquanto a única - faixa solo do grupo.

+++LEIA MAIS: Música retrô: Como o pop voltou no tempo com discos de Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa e entre outros?

“Solo” seguiu a tradição das outras canção do grupo e também ficou no topo do ranking de músicas digitais da Billboard, em 2018. A conquista fez Jennie se tornar a segunda cantora solo de k-pop a ficar no primeiro lugar da lista.

A ascensão do Blackpink foi confirmada com a turnê mundial Blackpink In Your Area, a qual contou com 32 shows feitos pela Ásia, América do Norte, Europa e Oceania, entre 2018 e 2019, segundo o site YG Family.

Ainda no segundo ano da carreira, o Blackpink publicou na conta oficial do Youtube covers de canções da Beyoncé, Miguel e Wonder Girls. No mesmo ano, a girl band participou da canção “Kiss and Make Up”, de Dua Lipa.

A parceria com a diva pop seria apenas o início da consagração mundial do quarteto, que se tornou o primeiro grupo feminino de k-pop a se apresentar no célebre festival de música norte-americano Coachella.

Em abril de 2019, o Blackpink lançou “Kill This Love” a tempo de apresentar o novo single na performance histórica feita no deserto da Califórnia. De volta ao pop explosivo, as cantoras se tornaram o segundo grupo de mulheres a chegar ao topo do iTunes, segundo o Uol, sendo o último ninguém menos que Destiny’s Child.

+++ LEIA MAIS: A estética retrô 1990 está de volta: Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa, Ariana Grande viajaram no tempo?

“Kill This Love” ainda bateu a marca lendária das 800 milhões de visualizações no Youtube, que também foi alcançada pelos singles anteriores "As If It's Your Last", "Ddu-du Ddu-du” e "Boombayah".

Em 2019, Lisa ainda recebeu o título de k-idol mais seguida do Instagram quando ultrapassou os 17,4 milhões de seguidores na rede social. Atualmente, a rapper possui 34,3 milhões de seguidores.

Por outro lado, Rosé e Jennie se tornaram figuras de destaque da moda e receberam convites para serem embaixadoras das marcas de luxo Saint Laurent e Chanel, respectivamente, de acordo com a Vogue UK.

+++ LEIA MAIS: 10 discos de K-pop que todos deveriam conhecer - e ir além do fenômeno do BTS

Após um ano sem novidades, o Blackpink conquistou novamente os fãs com “Sour Candy”, faixa incluída no disco de retorno de Lady Gaga, Chromatica. Segundo a Forbes, o quarteto ultrapassou o próprio recorde de melhor posição nas paradas britânicas por grupo feminino de k-pop ao alcançar o 17º lugar - anteriormente, a girl band tinha chegado a 33ª posição com “Kill This Love”.

Mesmo sem ter entrado no Top 10, o Blackpink continua sendo o único grupo feminino de k-pop a entrar para o Top 40 do Reino Unido e a alcançar a 41ª posição na Billboard Hot 100.

Recentemente, a YG Entertainment anunciou que o retorno do grupo estava próximo. Claro que os fãs já suspeitavam do retorno, pois as k-idols estavam um longo período de tempo sem novos EPs ou mini discos.

A confirmação do comeback foi feita com a divulgação de diversos teasers promovendo o single “How You Like That”, que será lançado no dia 26 de junho. A faixa fará parte do primeiro disco de estúdio da girl band.

De acordo com a Forbes, o álbum contará com 10 músicas, das quais duas serão divulgadas durante o inverso brasileiro. Já o lançamento está previsto para o o mês de setembro de 2020.

+++LEIA MAIS: BTS revela o poderoso significado por trás do título do disco ‘Map of the Soul: 7’

Com uma trajetória impressionante, o Blackpink seguiu todos os padrões de qualidade sonora e estética exigidos para a cena do k-pop. Mas para se destacar e entrar para história, o grupo apostou em uma estratégia incomum de mercado e lançamentos propositalmente tardios para ultrapassar os limites da Ásia e se tornar o maior grupo feminino de k-pop.

Se antes mesmo de lançar um disco completo, o Blackpink consquistou o mundo, está claro que podemos esperar grandes performances de Jennie, Jisoo, Lisa e Rosé até o fim do ano, começando com a breve divulgação de “How You Like That”.Learn about some tragic cases that have marked K-pop.

K-pop idols train for years to debut in a music group, take singing, dancing, rap, language, and other areas that will later help them in interviews and official activities, such as acting and facial movements.

In recent years Korean pop has gone viral, thanks to different Internet platforms, users can now have more access to content from around the world without the need to get up from their seats.

But sadly there are cases that left a deep mark on K-pop fans, the loss of some idols in a surprising way, as well as the discovery of some unethical practices within companies have shocked the international public.

The idol of SM Entertainment was the victim of criticism and hate comments on her social networks, Sulli constantly made lives where netizens attacked and offended her. On October 14, 2019, Choi Jinri was found dead in her Seongnam apartment.

The SHINee singer enjoyed worldwide fame, but experienced long periods of depression and some other emotional problems during his short life. Jonghyun ended his life on December 18, 2019.

Open World Entertainment was an entertainment agency that recruited young people to cast them as idols. On April 10, 2012, the director and founder of Open World Entertainment, Jang Seokwoo was arrested by the Korean police due to the abuse and mistreatment of the apprentices.

On September 3, 2014, the ladies group Ladies Code was traveling on the road to reach one of their activities, due to the bad weather the car they were traveling in suffered a crash that took the lives of two of its members: Eun B and days later to Rise.

Cha Inha was a well-known South Korean actor and singer in the field of entertainment, the idol was a member of the Surprise U boy group formed by the company Fantagio. Lee Jaeho, the idol’s real name, was found dead on December 3, 2019 at his home.

The leader of the 100% gang, on March 25, 2018, died at the age of 33 due to a heart attack at his home in the Gangnam neighborhood in Seoul, South Korea. The agency representing the idol, TOP MEDIA stated that its funerals would be conducted without cameras and only the family would attend.

Goo Hara was part of the famous girl group Kara and, like Sulli, was a victim of harassment by Internet users for a long time on social networks. The idol’s manger found his lifeless body in his Seoul apartment on November 24, 2019.JYP Entertainment's power girl group TWICE has broken yet another record today as their recent comeback More and More's 4th win on Music Core made them officially the Korean female artist with most number of music show wins in Kpop history.



TWICE has now several records under their belt including best selling Kpop girl group of all time, Korean female group with the most cumulative digital points in Gaon Chart's history and the Kpop girl group with the most Daesang from major domestic music award ceremonies.



Here is the list of Top 10 Korean Artists with the Most Music Show Wins: