Tens of thousands of fans from across the globe simultaneously cheered and applauded in the safety of their own homes when their favorite K-pop boy band, SuperM, appeared on the screen for an online concert.

 Streamed live on the internet portal Naver's V Live service on April 26, the two-hour concert brought back together the Billboard-topping K-pop band and its fans from across the world without the hassles of cross-border trips or crowds in the time of a pandemic.

 The first-ever exclusively online pop concert, with a fee, according to the group's management agency, drew about 75,000 fans.

 The global show business sector, spanning from pop to classical music, has fast turned online, throwing livestreaming charity concerts or other onetime paid performances online as the pandemic brought on-site concerts to a complete halt. 

 Going technically beyond such online performances, the new breed of K-pop livestreaming concerts heralds the opening of a new chapter in show business, providing larger-than-life concert experiences online through high tech.

 A mosaic of hundreds of thousands of moving images showing the individual faces of the latest SuperM concert's spectators flickered in the backdrop of the live show as Alison, one of the fans, posed a question about pastime to Taemin, a member of the boy band.

 Taemin immediately answered, telling the waiting fans that he watches movies or YouTube while staying at home. Fans instantly erupted in cheers. 

 As the band performed 18 songs during the two-hour event, moving 3D images of animals and stage settings appeared on the screen, enhancing the show's excitement while an accompanying chat room allowed fans to share comments among themselves and with the stars. 

 The simultaneous screams of roaring fans were also intermittently inserted to the show's background while the fans' light sticks were connected to the show's control center to change colors in sync with the show's progress. 

 SM Entertainment, the band's management agency, said the show, with the ticket price of 33,000 won (US$27) and technically supported by Naver, was watched by about 75,000 fans from 109 countries as the first edition of the Beyond Live concert series. 

 SM's other high-profile artists, including NCT 127, TVXQ and Super Junior, are also on course to meet with fans through the concert system this month. 

 Going forward, SM said the concert series will adopt a "multicam" function, starting this month, allowing fans to select their favorite band members and to enjoy zoomed-in images of a particular artist. 

 "Beyond Live is the first-ever paid concert conducted exclusively online in the world that SM launched in cooperation with Naver," SM said. "Equipping K-pop performances with AR and 3D graphic technologies, it provides entertainment that is only possible online," it said. 

 Including SM's new business venture, the K-pop scene is striving to convert its lucrative performance business online as the industry is looking for a new source of revenue as the pandemic axed its massive global concert revenues. 

 Having postponed the entire itinerary of its world tour this year, K-pop superband BTS is also gearing up to join the ticketed livestreaming concert front. 

 BTS' agency, Big Hit Entertainment announced a day earlier that the septet will stage an online live concert, Bang Bang Con the Live, on June 14 (Korean time), inviting fans from around the world.

 The paid concert comes after BTS aired free online streams of its previous live shows last month in a pilot online concert project. A total of 2.24 million fans simultaneously connected to the two-day livestreaming event in April, proving the potential of online live shows in the time of social distancing.

 Joining the trend, South Korean entertainment giant CJ ENM has announced that this year's KCON, a major annual K-pop and Korean culture festival, will be held partly as an YouTube streaming event from June 20-26, featuring some 30 K-pop artists. 

 Some of the festival's content, which spans from music concerts, fan-meeting events and beauty and food promotion programs, will be available as paid services, CJ said, adding that parts of the proceeds will be donated to UNESCO. (Yonhap)For K-pop record labels, boy bands have long been thought to be more lucrative than girl groups because the former often attract loyal female followers who loosen their purse strings for costly concerts and albums. 

 In terms of concerts abroad, phenomenal boy band BTS's 2019 world tour "LOVE YOURSELF: SPEAK YOURSELF" had an accumulated audience of more than 2 million, while heavyweight girl group BLACKPINK's "KILL THIS LOVE" drew around 260,000 concertgoers. Billboard reported that BTS grossed about 136 billion won ($117 million) through ticket sales ― Touring Data said BLACKPINK earned 44.2 billion won ($38 million).

 When it comes to album sales, BTS topped Gaon's 2019 chart, selling more than 3.7 million copies of its sixth mini-album "Map of the Soul : Persona." Another all-male group Seventeen came next, with its third studio album, "An Ode," selling 850,000 copies. TWICE secured the No. 10 spot on the chart, the highest position for a girl band with its eighth mini-album, "Feel Special," selling around 413,000 copies. 

 At first glance, it looks like today's K-pop female bands are comparatively underperforming. But in a deeper sense, they should be dubbed the game-changers who have made breakthroughs in the K-pop universe by shattering the traditional beliefs that girl groups ― which relatively lack solid international fandom ― cannot generate notable profits through concerts abroad. Spearheading the trend are TWICE, BLACKPINK and Red Velvet. 

 "Thanks to a spike in the number of female fans and the expansion of global fandom, the three are playing concerts overseas, not only in Asia but also in North America, and making substantial profits," Seattle-based music critic Kim Young-dae told The Korea Times. 



In the case of TWICE, the nine-piece act played 25 gigs in 16 cities around the globe last year, as part of its world tour. It is the first K-pop girl band to have a "dome" tour in Japan as well. The group invited 40,000-50,000 fans to the domes for each concert.

 Critic Park Soo-jin, who writes for music magazine IZM, said one of the rationales behind the girl bands' recent rise was their image transformation from passive girls to active women. 



"As can be seen from BLACKPINK's Kill This Love (2019), the female stars are exhibiting a more active and charismatic demeanor," Park said. "They are relaying different messages to people through their songs, as the times change. This seems to have appealed to listeners of the same gender." 

 But are female fans truly more loyal and willing to spend money on their stars compared to male followers? 

 "The K-pop scene was jam-packed with male musicians in the beginning," Park said. "Iconic male groups such as Seo Taiji and Boys brought life to new sonic styles in Korea in the early 1990s, while female singers virtually had no foothold, as people in the past regarded them as doing something shameful rather than artistic."

 Kim elaborated on this, saying: "Therefore, the main consumers of the music have been young girls and the industry has evolved in a way that can appeal to their taste. Almost all music-related businesses, such as merchandise and concerts, have been customized to suit female followers. This is why the number of female fans willing to use their cash for their stars is greater than that of male fans." 

 Critic Jung Yeon-kyung told The Korea Times, "Female fans also tend to gather together on online platforms, and as they take collective action to affect their stars, they feel close ties to each other. This sense of connectedness also seems to make them more loyal to their singers, leading them to play more active roles in their community." 

 In terms of album sales, K-pop girl bands may be weaker than the boy groups, but they have gained the upper hand in digital streaming, largely because their numbers are more easy-listening.

 "If we observe music streaming platforms like Melon, the female bands' tracks are usually ranked higher on the charts," critic Kim said. "Those who do not know much about music and artists generally prefer the girl bands' songs, so they have a greater appeal with the general public."Are your playlists getting a little stale? Looking for an excuse to expand your musical horizon in a new direction? If so, why not consider adding K-pop to your entertainment diet?

It’s a good idea, not only because K-pop is a bottomless abyss of catchy, fun music, but because there’s so many different types of media out there beyond just the songs themselves that you’ll likely never run out of content to consume.

If you’re thinking of getting into K-pop, there are a few things you’ll want to be aware — and wary — of. Many newcomers to K-pop have basic questions, like what makes K-pop so special? What’s an idol? What’s a fancam? And why should I care about all that dancing?

We have answers and insight, so let us aid your entry into the fantastic world of K-pop. We’ve also created a special 100-song playlist to introduce you to the K-pop essentials, the legends, and a few of our personal faves.

K-pop is short for Korean pop music, whether the music is part of Korea’s vast industrial entertainment complex, indie music, or anything in between.

The genre phenomenon as we most commonly recognize it — elaborate footwork, bold visuals, hummable hooks — began in 1992 with a single groundbreaking performance. That’s when the band Seo Taiji and Boys performed their hip-hop number “I Know” on a competitive talent show. The band didn’t win the competition that night — in fact, they finished last — but the song attracted a devoted group of listeners excited by the song’s unique blend of Western hip-hop with less intense traditional Korean pop. “I Know” topped the Korean music charts for 17 weeks and paved the way for the broader fusion of modern American pop music with traditional Korean pop music.

Seo Taiji’s sudden popularity set off the modern Korean pop industry’s three distinct historical eras, or “generations.” The first generation begins with Seo Taiji and other innovative bands, as well as the rise of Korean music studios and early idol groups in the late ’90s. (H.O.T. was one of those popular early groups, debuting their first single in 1996.)

First-generation K-pop artists were largely still working out the genre’s distinctive style, but from the beginning, their music contained a strong emphasis on catchy hooks and intense group dance performances.

The rise of idol groups, in particular, was a crucial step toward building modern K-Pop. Idol groups are built by Korean music studios, and consist of girl groups and boy groups — usually between four and nine members, though some groups can be even larger. Most groups have vocalists as well as rappers, and most non-ballad singles contain at least one rap break. Songs are usually engineered in studios and often feature seamless vocals and irrepressible earworm hooks, while K-pop idol group videos feature dazzling visuals and eye-catching video concepts.

The second generation was a crucial time for K-pop because it saw the first wave of true international recognition for artists and idol groups. Second-generation idol groups like Super Junior, DBSK, Wonder Girls, Brown Eyed Girls, Big Bang, Miss A, 2NE1, Girls Generation, f(X), T-ARA, Kara, Sistar, and Shinee all helped spread K-pop’s popularity worldwide throughout the early and mid-2000s, and all are still hugely influential today.

K-Pop’s newfound popularity in the US produced several memorable mainstream moments, like Stephen Colbert battling it out with solo artist Rain in 2007, Psy’s “Gangnam Style” breaking YouTube view count records in 2012, and Glee’s K-pop episode that same year.

The third generation of K-pop kicked off shortly thereafter, around 2013. The ongoing mainstreaming and globalization of K-pop is now led by hitmakers like BTS, Blackpink, Red Velvet, Twice, and Exo. These bands and others have all worked with a greater fusion of musical genres and styles beyond the usual “pop song with rap break” formula. It’s not unusual these days to see third-gen groups do world tours with US legs, and BTS alone has pushed many boundaries in its pursuit of mainstream US success, like its performances on Saturday Night Live, at Grand Central Station, and New Year’s Eve in Times Square. (The band is also planning a special livestreamed quarantine performance in June, which should be a unique experience.)

Like all great pop music, K-pop transcends language barriers. K-pop artists frequently release songs in multiple languages, including Japanese, Chinese, and English, and lyrics often feature snatches of English and other languages. And because the musical themes are so catchy, non-Korean speakers find songs easy to sing or hum along to, even if they don’t know the words.

Modern K-pop is, at its heart, just like every other form of modern pop music. It includes a wide variety of artists performing a vast variety of musical styles, subgenres, and influences — everything from folk and punk to hip-hop and traditional Korean music. Korean pop artists range from indie musicians to adorable one-off duets between studio artists, to stirring experimental art like Lim Kim’s “Yellow”:

However, while “K-pop” is an easy shorthand for “Korean pop music,” what most people in the US think of as “Korean pop music” is the specific sub-mode of idol pop, which has become the most popular form of exported Korean music. From here on in, when we use “K-pop,” we’re going to be talking mostly about Korean idol groups, their music, and their surrounding complex, grueling studio cultures.

What’s an idol and how is an idol group unique?

The closest US equivalent to the Korean idol is probably the idea of “the Disney kid.” Megastars like Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, Miley Cyrus, the Jonas Brothers, and Selena Gomez all grew up appearing on Disney Channel productions while Disney groomed them to break out into a much bigger music scene. In Korea, this type of star-grooming system is spread across the entire industry, and such stars are known as idols.

When they’re usually still children and pre-teens, singers, dancers, and rappers audition for Korean music studios to become trainees. If a music studio selects a talented performer to be a trainee for a professional group, they will spend years studying singing, dancing, rapping, and acting. They’ll learn how to perform onstage, handle live events, and become a carefully polished celebrity — all for the sole purpose of joining an idol group.

When combined with the heavy social pressure of Korean life, idol culture can be mentally grueling for the idols themselves. The industry is notoriously exploitative, and studio life is grueling to the point that it can easily cross over to abusive; performers are regularly signed to long-term, intensely strict contracts, which used to be known as “slave contracts.” And while these aspects of the industry have dramatically improved in recent years, other ongoing issues include the exploitation and harassment of women, racist cultural appropriation, and the continuing fallout from a recent widespread scandal involving drug abuse, sexual violence, and sexual assault by several idol group members, including Big Bang’s Seungri.

But the genre’s third generation has also seen the industry rapidly changing and progressing for the better. Recent years have seen black members joining K-pop groups, as well as the debut of South Korea’s first openly gay idol. Some groups, like KARD, are — gasp! — even co-ed.

Just as there are divisions between idol group eras, there are divisions within idol groups. Often idol groups can seem dauntingly large, with some groups having more than 20 members. But their size makes sense when you consider just how much activity a band has to do, both onstage and off. Larger groups can more easily divide the labor of singing and dancing among themselves, and often bands will be broken into sub-groups, with different subunits performing for different audiences. Exo, for example, consists of two subunits: one that performs and sings primarily in Korean, and one that performs and sings primarily in Chinese.

Group roles can be nebulous; they can shift over time or involve multiple people, and some groups eschew individuated roles altogether. But each role a member plays helps a group shape its identity, and knowing what each member’s main responsibility is can help you understand how a group functions and what members’ relationships are to each other. Knowing things like who the assigned rap, vocal, and dance line members are can also help you follow videos more easily. More on that in a moment.

Below are the roles you’ll start to recognize in K-pop groups:

The leader: This member is considered the primary mentor for the other band members, as well as the de facto spokesperson for the group in media appearances and interviews. Because of the importance that seniority and experience play in Korean culture, the leader is usually one of the oldest members.

The “visual:” The visual is considered one of the most attractive group members. Sometimes instead of having one visual, a band will have a “visual line,” though fans might debate who the visual members actually are.

The “face”: This is a nebulous role, usually interchangeable with the leader or the visual and often changing from album to album — someone who’s charming enough to represent the group at public events and to the world at large.

The dance lines, vocal lines, and rap lines: The dance line consists of members who are usually the lead dancers whenever there’s complicated choreography afoot. The vocalists usually have the hardest or most interesting vocal parts, and the rappers get to shine in the rap breaks. Often the dance lines and vocal lines — all the members who share these roles — will perform together in a song as a mini-subset within the larger ensemble.

The maknae and hyung/unnie lines: Maknae and hyung (male) or unnie (female) refer to the most junior and senior members of a group, respectively. Junior members, or the maknae line, are often paired and spoken of together, while their senior hyungs or unnies get referred to as a group of mentors to whom they pay their respect.

Concept, or the image a band is presenting, is a huge, well, concept in K-pop. A band can have an overall aesthetic, or it could have a theme or aesthetic that changes from album to album. In some cases, it might even have both. See, for example, the undeniably aegyo, or “cute,” group Girls Generation switching from coy dolls in “Gee” to bad girls in “Run Devil Run” — remaining cute even when they’re “pretending” not to be.

Because bands are still often tied to concepts that coincide with specific albums, these various albums will often comprise different “eras” in a band’s history, with each era often reflecting a different style or aesthetic phase for the band. But as the number of K-pop bands and artists has exploded, many bands have become known more for their individual personality as a unit than for dramatically shifting between concepts. For example, Blackpink loudly markets itself as a group of empowered modern women, known in K-pop as the “girl crush” concept. This framing allows it to play with the duality indicated by its name, Blackpink — and it does, quite frequently.

The shifting album concepts of K-pop groups often go hand in hand with their dramatic comebacks. Unlike in the US, where a band makes a comeback after many years, in Korea a band can make a dramatic “comeback” just by putting out a new album. In fact, in K-pop, every new album marks a band’s big comeback, even if it never actually went away, and fans treat every new music release as a celebratory return. The visual and aesthetic make-overs that groups undergo from album to album help foster this idea: out with the old era, in with the new.

K-pop is all about the dancing

You don’t just listen to K-pop, you watch it. Dance is probably the most important aspect of a K-pop performance. And that’s saying a lot, because as we’ve already established, K-pop is well-known for its super-catchy music, its flashy videos, and its artists’ elaborate conceptual aesthetics. The dancing is what unifies all of these elements, and K-pop idols train for years to become the best dancers they can be. Some will even spend several years training overseas with successful American choreographers and instructors before their official debuts.

Choreography is so important to K-pop that individual moments within a dance routine frequently become well-known outside of the songs they’re attached to. These are called “point dances,” and they anchor the rest of the routine and stand out as the highlight move every fan wants to perform. For example: One of the earliest and still among the best-known of these is the “arrogant dance” from Brown Eyed Girls’ 2009 hit “Abracadabra” — a simple sway with crossed arms that’s been parodied and copied countless times since.

Even broken down to its simplest components, a stylized K-pop dance move is leagues ahead of, say, the awkward bro hopping of NSYNC, which — shockingly! — is the most recent popular English-language boy band we could find that was also known for its choreography. Rather, K-pop dance tends to be a broad fusion of many dance styles, especially hip-hop, club, and jazz dance. As K-pop has become more physically and visually complex over the years, dancers have been expected to do more and more challenging choreography, and the importance of a singular dance move has dwindled in favor of the overall routine. This trend happened largely thanks to Shinee’s 2009 and 2010 singles “Ring Ding Dong” and “Lucifer” — both iconic second-gen dance performances made up of point dances that each ushered in new eras of complex K-pop choreography.

Shinee also popularized the K-pop dance practice video genre, which shows the band rehearsing their own moves from their popular music videos, breaking them down into smaller, digestible parts. These days, it’s standard practice to release a dance practice video. This is partly so fans can learn the dance and join in, but it’s also to promote the groups as hard-working, dedicated, and talented — and, crucially, relatable. They’re in the rehearsal room, sweating it out just like the rest of us. Some singles also feature a “performance video,” which is basically just the dance performance of the official music video — to further emphasize the dancing.

We know there’s always a lot of dancing happening in any K-pop song, but what makes the dancing so special may not always be easy to parse. A friend of mine recently complained to me that BTS’s recent “kinetic manifesto” dance film for its February single, “On,” was boring because, to them, it mostly consisted of members standing around waiting to dance. I understand aspects of this complaint: This dance film for “On” (the official music video was released later) does contain quite a few moments when people walk dramatically toward the camera without actually dancing. But the video is also staged around the band’s vocal, rap, and dance lines, so the members’ placements are strategic.

Typically, how much dancing a K-pop routine has depends on how large a group is. Bands with fewer members will either be dancing the whole time or alternating solos while serving as back-up dancers for the members with solos. (Blackpink’s “Kill This Love” is a good example.) Often, groups and solo performers will also utilize back-up dancers.

Most K-pop dance routines often work around a pattern of separation/unification, keeping group members apart until a dramatic moment, when they come together to dance in unison. In the dance film of “On,” this staging also mirrors the theme of the official “On” music video, which sees a ragtag band of outsiders journeying together to a new land. The choreography is likewise a journey of thematic staging — it leads up to its chorus both visually and musically by slowly piecing together the band even as it deconstructs the divisions between their roles.

BTS tends to favor big, anthemic numbers, so this kind of big, dramatic group staging fits the band’s aesthetic. But this principle of thematic division and unification also works for smaller or very different bands and artists than the glitzy BTS. Take Chungha’s recent single “Stay Tonight.” In the song’s recently released dance video, we can see how clearly the choreography shifts along with the song’s different emotional beats. Chungha also divides her backup dancers by gender and uses the groupings to represent different elements of the dancing.

It all leads up to the great moment at 3:08 when, after inviting the camera to become part of the staging itself, she abruptly pushes it away and takes herself out of the tableau altogether, leaving only her backup dancers, finally all dancing in unison.

These two dances couldn’t be more different, but they both reflect the complexity of staging a K-pop routine, as well as the way dance underpins every other aspect of a K-pop performance, from the practical to the aesthetic.

Live performances and competition are huge parts of K-pop culture

In Korea, idol groups live or die not just by how well their albums sell but by how well they do in live performances. Idols are constantly on television. They’re frequently competing on talent shows, where they will often create special live components for performances that you don’t get elsewhere. One of my fave examples is After School’s special live-only drum line for their 2010 song “Bang:”

Fans and critics take a K-pop group’s success on live competitive television very seriously, as a way of measuring their progress and advancement as a group. It’s always a big deal when a group wins a weekly TV competition for the first time, and the song they win with usually becomes a hit. Increasingly, though, TV is evolving away from showcasing existing idol groups, as audition reality shows like Produce 101 focus instead on finding or creating new K-pop groups all on their own. Some studios form temporary groups comprised of competitors who do well on the talent shows, which release one or two singles and then disband. Other competitors have gone on to become breakout pop stars.

In Korea, industry charts, rankings, and metrics also play huge roles in measuring groups’ success. Because it’s seen as vital for groups to place well in song charts and sales charts, international K-pop fans heavily emphasize buying, streaming, playing, and promoting their idols’ music. This is a way to show support for their favorite idols, these ardent fans argue, and they’ll often blame the laziness of fellow fans if their favorite group’s album or song fails to chart well.

If that sounds intense, that’s because it is. Your level of fandom is up to you, and if casually enjoying K-pop music is where your fandom begins and ends, that’s absolutely fine — wonderful, even. But K-pop fandom can be extremely interactive, so if you want to pursue a deeper level of fannishness, there are many ways to do so with varying degrees of devotion.

Fandom and the dramatic side of K-pop

With the constant proliferation of content, media appearances, and live performances, there’s plenty of fun and entertainment to be found in K-pop fandom. Some of the most common aspects of fan culture involve the intense interactivity between idols and their fans.

Fanchants: One of the most common things you’ll notice if you watch a lot of live K-pop performances is the hordes of fans reciting chants in the background alongside the performers, in rhythmic counterpoint to the song itself. These fanchants are created and spread throughout the fanbase for a particular band, so that fans in live studio audiences and at concerts can shout them during musical intros and choruses as a show of unity and support for their idols.

Fanchants are easy to learn thanks to guides on YouTube that teach listeners which parts to recite when. The chants frequently respond to or echo the lyrics to the specific song itself, but they’re often also just things like the name of the band, or the individual names of group members. Pour one out for the “carats,” a.k.a. the fanbase for the 13-member band Seventeen, which regularly manages to squeeze the names of all 13 members into just two or three measures for its fanchants:

Fancams: This term has been getting misapplied across social media to refer to any type of fan edit of a live performance, but that’s not what a fancam is, at least in the classic sense. See, individual members of a group always have their own ride-or-die sub-fandom, and those fans want as much content about their individual favorite idol as they can get. Thus, the fancam was born. Fancams are closeups filmed by fans in the audience that focus just on a specific member or subset of members in a group. Fancams allow fans to follow their favorite idol the whole time during a performance, even if the main cameras are on a different part of the stage. That may not sound like a big deal, but fancams are a huge part of K-pop fan culture.

Stans, sasaengs, and antis: A “stan” is shorthand for a stalker fan, and it’s usually used ironically by fans as both a noun and a verb. That is, you might say “I’m an Exo stan” and also “I stan Twice.” You’ll also see “Stan Twitter” referred to in the same way that people refer to “Film Twitter,” “Book Twitter,” et al. Stans are, despite their violent namesake, mostly the good kind of obsessive fan — perhaps a little needy and obnoxious, but mostly well-behaved. A “sasaeng,” on the other hand, is much worse. In Korea, they’re often considered to be literal stalkers — the kinds of obsessed fans who’ll look up personal information about idols in order to harass them.

At the other end of the obsessive curve are “antis.” Anti-fandom, in general, is a growing problem within fan culture, as it essentially involves people who’ve made it their life’s passion to crusade against some aspect of fandom that they don’t like. But the concept of people identifying as anti-fans, or antis, originates within K-pop, where some fans identify themselves as anti-fans of idols they dislike, often leading to bitter harassment of both the idols and their fans. At their most extreme, antis have violently harassed and even attempted to kill Korean idols, but those occasions are thankfully rare. Mostly, antis content themselves by insulting their least favorite idols and groups on social media.

As all this conflict implies, there’s a lot of drama within K-pop fandom. Because the pressure for groups to chart well and display substantial progress is so high, fan communities are likewise extremely competitive with each other. Some fans will pit individual members of groups against one another, while others will campaign for their favorite group to receive better treatment from a studio if they feel the studio isn’t giving the group enough love and support. K-pop fandom on social media tends to structure itself around self-starting crusades and campaigns as fans seek new ways and methods to help their favorite idol group become the best.

That atmosphere can be daunting, but most of K-pop fandom’s causes are heartwarming and inspiring — like when thousands of fans donated their refunded concert tickets to support pandemic relief. It’s an undeniably exciting environment once you’re inside of it. And as K-pop continues to gain in popularity worldwide, the genre, along with its vibrant fandom, will undoubtedly keep growing and evolving. The music and the quality of the videos and their artistic elements likewise seem to just keep getting better. So there’s probably never been a better time to dive in and see just how fun the world of K-pop can be.

What do you say — shall we dance?Despite K-pop artists landing endorsement deals in China as of late, pop culture and China experts are cautioning against being too optimistic.



Earlier this month, G-Dragon from Big Bang made headlines after signing a contract with Chinese bottled water giant Nongfu Spring to promote the company’s tea brand Chapai.



The news marks the first promising sign since China effectively banned K-pop in 2016, after South Korea decided to deploy the US anti-missile defense system THAAD.



Soon after, YG Entertainment announced that Lisa of Blackpink had signed an advertising contract with Downy China, a fabric softener brand from Procter & Gamble Co., as well as with one of China’s largest dairy companies. The agency did not reveal the name of the latter.



The company emphasized the “first time since 2016” factor, saying the endorsement deals were significant considering the advertisers were Chinese firms, not Korean or multinational brands. 



Experts are still wary, however, saying there are no immediate signs of improvement in Seoul-Beijing relations. 



“Despite the ban being a top-down order, there’s always been demand for Korean content in China. And as some time has passed and the relations are slowly improving amid the COVID-19 pandemic, it could be interpreted that Chinese companies are sending signals to their government,” said Lim Dae-geun, a professor of Chinese interpretation and translation at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies in Seoul. 



“There are signs of optimism compared with four years ago when K-pop stars were removed from advertisements. But it’s too early to interpret it as anything more than what it actually is,” he added.



Pop music critic Kim Yoon-ha echoes that sentiment. 



“Some are more optimistic, but if you look at it, it’s limited to YG artists. In G-Dragon’s case, he’s always been very popular in China, what with his presence on Weibo. And Lisa is a major celebrity and a beloved artist, more so in wider Asia than South Korea,” she said.



“I don’t think it’s likely that we’ll see more K-pop acts enter the Chinese market soon following the news (about G-Dragon and Lisa). Because the impact of China’s K-pop ban was quite damaging on the industry, there is this atmosphere where people are trying to see the positive side.”



With the void created by diplomatic friction with Asia’s pop culture powerhouse, Chinese TV viewers are seeing more artists from other countries -- such as Lisa from Thailand, who’s appeared as a mentor on survival audition show “Youth with You,” and Japanese R&B singer Misia, who recently appeared on singing competition show “Singer 2020.”



“With South Korea forced out of the picture for now and the need for content from other countries, it seems that Southeast Asia and Japan are filing the gaps,” Lim said.







By Yim Hyun-su (hyunsu@heraldcorp.com)BTS' Jungkook and three other K-pop idol singers visited Itaewon, the center of the recent outbreak of the new coronavirus in Seoul, together late last month but have tested negative for the virus, their agencies said Monday.



A local internet-based daily reported earlier in the day that Jungkook, Jaehyun of NCT, Mingyu of Seventeen and Cha Eun-woo of Astro hung out at a restaurant and two different bars on April 25 in Itaewon, Seoul's most popular nightlife and multicultural neighborhood, while the country was under relaxed social distancing in response to COVID-19.



As soon as the report was out, management agencies of the four K-pop stars confirmed the visit and apologized for their failure to comply with the social distancing campaign.



They pointed out, however, that the stars did not visit specific bars and clubs where the cluster infection occurred and tested negative for the virus.



The country has seen a spike in the number of new daily infections since a 29-year-old man tested positive following visits to five clubs and bars in Itaewon in early May.



A total of 170 infection cases, including clubgoers, their family members and colleagues, have been reported as of Monday morning.



Quarantine authorities have asked people who have been to Itaewon and nearby areas from April 24-May 6 to undergo virus tests even if they don't have any symptoms.



Big Hit Entertainment, the agency of BTS, admitted that Jungkook visited the district on April 25, and he got tested even though he had no COVID-19-related symptoms. The 22-year-old tested negative for the virus, it added.



"He deeply reflects on his conduct that he did not comply with social distancing sincerely," Big Hit said. "We will make sure that this kind of problem will not happen again and apologize for worrying many people including fans."



SM Entertainment, which manages NCT, also confirmed the news report and said that Jaehyun tested negative after getting examined on his own initiative.



"Jaehyun regrets his carelessness as he had to refrain from personal meetings during social distancing," the company said.



Pledis Entertainment and Fantagio, which are behind Seventeen and Astro, respectively, said their artists spent the night in Itaewon and apologized for not complying with social distancing properly. (Yonhap)To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The reality show covering a journey to debut new K-pop artists is the first joint project between Mnet and Big Hit Entertainment after the two established a joint venture, Belif Lab, in March last year.Part of the power of the Korean idol aesthetic is in the sheer number of young men who are polished and strategically coordinated in a way that rarely exists outside of solo acts. Bowie and Prince were singular performers, and their aesthetics were contingent on only themselves. But encountering a K-pop group is often like seeing seven, or even 13 Bowies, who are styled to intentionally compliment or match each other’s clothes and makeup, likely fit into an “ ideal face shape, ” or even sport variations of a similar haircut. Seasoned fans are used to it — every time a group comes out with new music, it also comes with a new visual and creative “concept,” much like Lady Gaga’s Joanne or Artpop “eras.” Some newcomers to the Korean ideal aesthetic, let alone the traditions of K-pop, have found synchronization to be off-putting . It plays into the common stereotype that K-pop is “engineered” or a “machine,” which is largely rooted in racist tropes. So while Western boy bands like Backstreet Boys and One Direction may have technically been “manufactured,” there’s a difference in perception between bands that were “made” in the West and in the East. Thus this hang up — that people can train to be pop stars just as athletes train to be Olympians, and prefer to look like a unified team than a rag-tag crew of individuals — is reflected in K-pop’s beauty.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The exact date of the new music release has yet to be fixed, but the return of BIGBANG is sure to sharply raise the profile of the K-pop scene this year.Court cuts Jung Joon-young’s sentence from six years to five and halved Choi Jong-hoon’s five-year term to 2.5 years.

Two former K-pop stars have had their prison sentences for gang rape and spycam crimes significantly reduced, after a scandal that rocked South Korea last year.

Singer-songwriter Jung Joon-young and Choi Jong-hoon, a former member of boyband FT Island, were found guilty in November of gang-raping two different victims on two seperate occasions in 2016.

The 31-year-old Jung was additionally convicted of secretly filming himself having sex with other women and sharing the footage without their consent.

The Seoul High Court on Tuesday cut Jung’s sentence from six years to five and halved Choi’s five-year term to 2.5 years.

Jung had submitted documents showing his sincere regret, Yonhap news agency cited the verdict as saying.

Choi, 30, had reached an agreement with one of the victims which was “partly reflected” in its decision on him, it added without giving details.

The case was the highest-profile example of an epidemic of spycam crimes in South Korea, which have prompted widespread anger.

Known as “molka”, South Korean spycam videos are largely made by men secretly filming women in schools, toilets and elsewhere, although the term can also be applied to clandestinely-shot footage of consensual sex.

About 5,500 people were arrested for molka offences last year, 97 percent of them men, according to police data.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Why did this happen?

Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.On April 28, the Korean Cultural Center in the UAE (KCC) began releasing personal videos of each K-Pop group relaying positivity and warm wishes during the holy month of Ramadan amid the global pandemic.

“After long consideration, we have planned to share a positive message with K-Pop groups to overcome this difficult time together with the spirit of solidarity and tolerance,” Nam Chan-woo, Director at KCC told Gulf News.

Some of the bands like B.I.G, IMFACT and D-Crunch are no strangers to the UAE as they’ve previously greeted fans and held performances in the country on separate occasions last year.

“The artists cherished and remembered the stage they had in the UAE, and they were willing to share the meaning of Ramadan and send messages of support to overcome Corona.”

The Coronavirus outbreak has certainly taken a tumultuous hit on the K-Pop music industry at large, with most events now taking place online. K-Pop concerts like ‘Music Bank in Dubai’ and ‘K-Pop Super Concert’ were also forced into postponement.

“Korea’s pop culture and arts community are also suffering from the cancellation of all performances and events due to COVID-19, and we are also grateful that the groups were pleased to join our Ramadan message initiatives,” he said.

However, Nam shared that the KCC and the Embassy of the Republic of Korea in the United Arab Emirates are planning to hold in the second half of 2020 a variety of events, of which includes a K-Pop festival that is expected to take place between November 4 and 7 at Etihad Arena and Yas Mall. However, there are no confirmed dates as of yet due to the current situation of the global pandemic.The National Hangeul Museum in Seoul has recently reopened with a special exhibition titled “Korean Pop Lyrics -- Melodies of Life.”The exhibition that opened Friday celebrates the beauty of the Korean language through the lyrics of about 190 beloved Korean pop songs since the 1920s.Consisting of two parts, its first section called “Power of Lyrics” examines the changing themes and messages of songs’ lyrics depending on the era.The second section, “Flavor of Lyrics,” gives an in-depth view of how ordinary words are transformed into unforgettable lines in music. Visitors can read, see and listen to Korean songs that have been inspired by foreign songs, poetry, seasons or love.For K-pop fans, one of the most memorable rooms would be “Open World, Open Lyrics,” where lyrics of iconic Korean pop songs since the 1990s are imprinted in all four walls.They feature global sensation BTS’ songs “Answer: Love Myself,” “Idol” and “Mikrokosmos” as well as PSY’s “Gangnam Style,” Wonder Girls’ “Tell Me,” 2NE1’s “I’m the Best,” SHINee’s “Ring Ding Dong,” Momoland’s “Bboom Bboom,” Itzy’s “Dalla Dalla” and Mamamoo’s “Hip.”“Each era goes through different histories that served as motifs for music. We thought the big theme nowadays was self-esteem and self-love which is why we displayed BTS’ lyrics,” said curator Kim Mi-mi.“In the contemporary era with TV and computers, the music industry has focused on visuals, and musicians started to dance and act on stage. Fast and addictive songs have poured out, and naturally, lyrics center less on the story but more on hooks that stick in our ears, which we tried to show through this room.”The exhibition has undergone construction beginning February and finished in mid-May, though the museum’s research department had compiled many of the records last year.Having closed over the past months due to the virus pandemic, the museum conditionally reopened its doors to the public last week. Visitors are required to reserve tickets online in advance or register their name and phone number at the on-site ticketing booth, and wear masks at all times.“Korean Pop Lyrics – Melodies of Life” exhibition will go on until Oct.18.By Kwon Yae-rim ( kyr@heraldcorp.comTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The K-pop world is bracing for one of the highest-profile K-pop matches this upcoming summer that will pit the two overridingly top girl bands, TWICE and BLACKPINK, against each other.

 In about five years since their debuts in 2015 and 2016, respectively, TWICE and BLACKPINK played instrumental roles in broadening the global horizon of K-pop and Korean female musicians, soaring into internationally recognized pop icons. 

 The two such heavyweight female groups are on course to return with new music releases this summer, staging a glamorous battle between the two K-pop queen groups and boosting the profile of the summer music scene here.

 The first to return to the scene is likely to be the multinational girl band, TWICE.

 Speaking to an online streaming event earlier this week, the nine-member band announced its plan to drop a new single, "More & More," on June 1. 

 It is the band's first music release since the previous EP, "Feel Special," dropped in September, probably bringing together all the nine members after Japanese member Mina had been absent since late 2019 due to health issues. 

 Mina has appeared alongside other members in recent TWICE promotion events, including the online streaming event this week.

 Fans also started to count down the announcement of BLACKPINK's return after its management agency, YG Entertainment, has repeatedly hinted at the quartet's return in early 2020. 

 According to YG, BLACKPINK started recording new songs for the envisioned album as early as December, paving the way for their upcoming return to the music scene. 

 The return of the two most successful girl bands the K-pop scene has ever nurtured comes at the height of the bands' global music careers, 

 Last month, BLACKPINK broke the headline-grabbing news of its collaboration with American pop icon Lady Gaga for the latter's upcoming album "Chromatica." "Sour Candy," the 10th track of the upcoming album features the K-pop quartet, Lady Gaga's recent SNS message has shown. 

 This year, BLACKPINK also posted several YouTube records, proving itself as one of the most influential K-pop acts. 

 Last month, the music video of the band's latest hit song, "Kill This Love," topped the milestone of 800 million Youtube views, making the band the first K-pop artists to have three songs with over 800 million views. "Kill This Love" was also listed as the only K-pop piece of the 10 most viewed music videos of the world in 2019. 

 This was after the music video of another hit song, "Ddu-du Ddu-du," topped 1.1 billion YouTube views in March, the strongest feat yet for any music videos by a K-pop band.

 TWICE has also recorded a major K-pop feat, with its ninth "Platinum" certificate earned in Japan last month.

 The band's 2019 Japanese full-length album, "&TWICE," was given the discographic title by the Japanese recording industry after selling 250,000 copies there. This marked the ninth platinum title the girl band has garnered in Japan. 

 A new YouTube original documentary series featuring the girl band, "TWICE: Seize the Light," also aired earlier this week in 81 countries and territories, telling the widely celebrated story of the band's ascent to the global fame. 

 The upcoming return of the two such high-profile girl bands is likely to be the crown jewel of the music scene this coming summer, furthering the allure and spectrum of K-pop. (Yonhap)Delfin Dioquino dreamt of being a PBA player, but he did not have the skills to make it. So he pursued the next best thing to being an athlete – to write about them. He took up journalism at the University of Santo Tomas and joined Rappler as soon as he graduated in 2017.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The act has maintained a winning streak at home and overseas, with the EP "Kill This Love" from last year peaking at 24th on the Billboard 200 albums chart. The quartet plans to release a new single next month.Celebrate Mother’s Day with these amazing K-pop songs that honour mothers in the most sincere and sweet way!

Music has always been a powerful medium for artists to convey their feelings and show appreciation through their creations.

Over the years, popular artists have chosen music to show their gratitude and love to their moms and everything that mothers do selflessly for their kids.

Here are 10 of the most remarkable songs you can listen this Mother’s Day popularized by some of your favorite Korean music artists.

The song is one that is sure to give you chills when you hear it as soon as it begins. Soft piano and powerful vocals of the members almost move you to tears with each and every line.

The lyrics really hit home with lines such as:

‘Song for you, I want to give it to you, who has suffered. Though I missed you, though I wanted tohear from you, just as always, I’m late again…’

“Mama (엄마)” is so sincere in its approach that it moves you and makes you feel happy, sad and grateful all at once! The song is an appreciation of a mother’s unconditional love that is often taken for granted.

“Dear Mom” maintains a nostalgic feel with it’s synth and piano based arrangement. The group mesmerizes with their vocals and high notes.

The track is extremely touching as it talks about how a mother endlessly supports her child’s dreams and silently watches over her child despite them hurting her with wrong choices.

The lyrics cherish a mother’s love in a very genuine way as the girls make promises to their mothers that they will make their mothers proud as they declare their love for them.

Saxophones, synths and J-Hope’s smooth raps are what give this track its suave vibe.

J-Hope takes a trip down memory lane as he looks back to where his journey began – in the year 2006.

He expresses how his mom supported the pieces of his dream despite his dad’s disapproval. J-hope talks how he is indebted to his mom for being there and working hard so that she could back up his passion.

J-Hope celebrates his mom on this track as he thanks her for everything she’s done for him and that, he is what he is today because of her.

In the song, he asserts that because of her sacrifices he has become the star he is and now asks her to trust him and lean on him – ‘You were like a fertiliser to a budding plant, Now I’m a flower, I’ll be your flower path, you walking on way..’
• BTS V’s Singularity Tops Amazon’s Best Sellers Chart Two Years After Its Release

This track will touch your heart in the most indescribable way! Ra.D’s vocals are ever so evocative throughout the song but more so when he utters the single word ‘엄마,’ which is so stirring that all you can think at the moment is about your mom.

He sings with such incredible emotion that you can’t help but feel emotional and maybe even shed a tear or two.

Definitely one of the most beautiful tracks that reveres a mother’s pure love in an awe-inspiring way.

“Oh Mom” is a rock ballad that explores a self reflective story of struggling with the demons within.

In the lyrics, T.O.P calls out and tells his mother that he knows he needs to change and expresses his apologies for the same as he seeks her advice.

The song has heavy drums and guitar riffs that add that power to the overall meaning of the song.

While it may not be a conventional song about mothers, it stands out for its honesty. It shows that when things get rough and in the times of desperation the only person who one would seek out for is their mother.

Zico produced “Flower Way” based on a letter written by Sejeong to her mother. The lyrics are an illustration of Sejeong’s appreciation for her mother.

She also expresses regret and promises a better future that she hopes to give her mother –

‘Oh rewind, the more I think back, the more I’m sorry. So I won’t give up. You gave up your youthful and beautiful season. Look at me, I have bloomed prettily. Even if I fall to the ground, I will make you walk only on flower paths.’

The song is cinematic in its composition to evoke that feeling of nostalgia while Sejeong’s sultry vocals really shine through on this track!

“To.Mom” is very different in its approach; the composition is straight up RnB/Hip-Hop. Kisum’s fresh rap and In Soon Hi’s unique, husky vocals really give this track a very dynamic energy.

The song talks about how mothers are actually the unsung superheroes in our lives. The lyrics talk about how mothers are greater than even Hulk and how they are the strongest women in the world.

The track celebrates mothers in an original and special way!

The song is true to its time of release and has a very 90s vibe that is evident in its composition.

The song is an ode to a mother’s love that would overcome obstacles to make her child happy.

The lyrics talk about how despite the mother doing everything for her child, she gets taken for granted. It is only when it’s too late that the artist realized that he loved his mother, but regrets that he never told her as he tearfully bids her goodbye.

The track really gives you a lot of think about and makes you want to appreciate all that you have, more so than ever.

“Red Sun” tells a story of regret wherein the artist talks about how he did everything his mother told him not to do, disobeyed her and constantly made her worry.

He expresses remorse for his actions as he profusely apologises in the lyrics. Jang Woo Hyuk asserts that he understands now how wrong he was as he declares his love for his mother.

‘Now I understand my mother’s sadness and tears. Now I see my mother’s gray hairs and wrinkles. Everything was my fault, so I’m full of guilt.My mother blames herself as the years go by,She is part of my dances, Because she is always in my heart. The most beautiful woman in this world. That person is my mother.’

This soft ballad is one that will make you feel extremely lachrymose.

“Mother” is a tearful track that tells the story of a person who realizes the true value of his mother only after she is gone.

Even though the track is sad, it really leaves you with a valuable lesson of cherishing your mothers because they’re truly special and that there is no love that can compare to the love of a mother.You would be hard-pressed to find a bigger male solo K-pop star than Jung Ji-hoon, aka Rain, from the better part of the 2000s. 

 Rain was then lauded by the South Korean media as the country's one and only "world star," coming up with hits such as the album "It's Raining," which sold over 1 million copies in Asia, and "Ways to Avoid the Sun." He even starred in two Hollywood films. 

 But his career can since be described as lackluster at best, especially following his sixth studio album, "Rain Effect," in 2014. 

 While social media and YouTube have provided platforms for younger stars to make unprecedented leaps and bounds, Rain's post-military career appeared to slowly flounder, as seen in the disastrous performance of the 2017 single "Gang" and the 2019 film "Race to Freedom: Um Bok Dong."

 In mid-May 2020, Rain was back in the spotlight but perhaps for all the wrong reasons. The "Gang" (meaning temerity or audacity in Korean) music video on YouTube has gone viral online for its overly bombastic production, cringe-inducing choreography and mannerisms, and self-absorbed lyrics.

 Behind the sensation is an online movement called "1 Gang a day," known widely to have started with a parody dance video by a high-schooler in late 2019. The popularity of that video ended up leading to a sudden surge in interest in the source material that had mostly been forgotten by the public. 

 Many parody videos have been produced and uploaded, while the view count for the original "Gang" video is soon expected to surpass the 10-million mark. Leaving snarky and witty critique in the comment section has become a sport in and of itself.

 "This song is in essence a vaccination for K-pop. Nearly every other song becomes enjoyable and listeners become more tolerant after listening to this one," one viewer commented.

 Another commenter wrote, "The title itself is too corny. Whoever uses the word 'gang' nowadays. It's like returning to 2006."

 The phenomenon ― consuming, leaving comments, producing parodies ― has blown up further after Rain's appearance on MBC TV's prime time variety show "Hang Out with Yoo" over the past weekend. 

 On the show, Rain was apparently a good enough sport in facing his strange newfound fame with full-on grace and wholesome self deprecation, only to invite more "Gang" views and invoke more parody videos. "One ought to do '3 Gangs a day,'" he insisted on the show.

 "In the past, dance music artist had to have that in-your-face attitude, smashing things onstage. We had to shoot lasers from our eyes," Rain said, sharing the music industry standards of his heyday on the TV show that aired Saturday.

 Rain then noted, "Staring at the camera and being overly competent in dance skills is so out-of-date nowadays."

 Yoo Jae-suk, host of the program, asked, "How did you end up with this 'Gang' video while being a such a savvy artist?" Rain, smirking, replied, "I came to that realization after 'Gang.'"

 Rain's unexpected outing in the media spotlight is to last for the time being. He has recently joined "I-Land," an upcoming idol reality TV show on Mnet, as a producer. The show is a project by Belif Lab, a joint venture between the cable music network and Big Hit Entertainment, management agency and label of K-pop sensation BTS.

 The strange-yet-fascinating love-hate attention surrounding Rain is comparable to that of Yang Joon-il, the '90s Korean-American pop singer who made a life-changing career comeback earlier this year after his old '90s performance videos on YouTube became viral sensations. 

 The resurgences of the two stars were not products of public relations. They were both organic in roots, largely dictated by the online activities of the hardest of the hardcore fans, or in Rain's case, endearing detractors. 

 Yang, who had retired from show business early on and lived in the United States, returned to South Korea to capitalize on his newfound fame, holding a concert earlier this year and appearing on TV commercials. How Rain will wrap his head around this new spike in interest is yet to be determined. 

 "We live in an era where the public can now produce and dictate content," said cultural critic Chung Deok-hyun. "The public now largely dictates the consumption of content."

 Ha Jae-keun, another cultural commentator, underscored the increasing sway the public has on reforming the landscape of the mass entertainment market. 

 "Most of the public by and large have passively consumed content provided by TV stations. But thanks to the advent of the internet, consumers are exerting increasing influence through two-way interactions," Ha said. (Yonhap)To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.As the first part of its role as envoy, Ateez appeared in two public video clips, including a piece that rallies support for the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. The videos were released on the government body's YouTube account earlier in the day.The move came despite South Korea's eased guidelines that allow people to take part in outdoor activities and mass-gathering events in a shift to "everyday life quarantine" after more than two months of "intensive social distancing" meant to contain the COVID-19 pandemic.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.South Korean girl group SECRET NUMBER was meant to make their entrance on 26 March 2020, but their debut had been delayed by the developing coronavirus situation. Now, they're finally set to take the stage.

Managed by VINE Entertainment, the five-member group includes Dita Karang, an Indonesian who has joined the girls as the main dancer and lead vocalist. Prior to her debut, she appeared in 1MILLION Dance Studio's choreography to Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj's 'Gimme On Up'.

"Can't believe this was almost 3 years ago," she writes in an Instagram throwback to her graduation. "I'm so excited for what comes next (...) I'm also still working towards my goals and so can you!"

The other members of the group are Léa (Ogawa Mizuki ), Jinny Park, Soodam Lee, and Denise Kim. Both Denise and Jinny are Korean-American, while Léa hails from Japan.

"We are the only girl group where all the members were born in different places. All of our backgrounds and cultures are different, and we are confident that will create good synergy going forward," Léa shares, according to a translated statement.

The group's tracklist has also been unveiled on Instagram, revealing two new singles, 'Who Dis?' and 'Holiday'. Their debut MV for 'Who Dis?' has already amassed nearly two million views on YouTube despite only being released a day ago (19/05), to the delight of fans on Twitter who have been celebrating all the group's accomplishments since their debut.Music has always been a wonderful, and effective, medium to raise awareness about social issues. There’s just something about a catchy melody and expressive lyrics that drives home a point quite powerfully. This latest track from South Korea, titled Be The Future, is a collaborative attempt by three K-pop acts IN2IT, AleXa, and Dreamcatcher to motivate young people to not let the seclusion during lockdown get them down. The artistes emphasise on the need for each of us to “play our part” in preventing transmission of Covid-19. As Yeontae of IN2IT says, “[During the pandemic] I can make a difference by staying at home and caring for my parents.”

The cheerful music video presents tips to protect yourself as well as others from coronavirus: “Wash your hands soapy clean. Put your mask on, simple indeed...”, “Stay apart, do your part”. It also features scenes of daily life under lockdown, such as video calls and virtual parties, reminding us about the small joys even in the worst of times.

READ | It’s our dream to perform near the Taj Mahal, says K-pop group IN2IT

Ask about the safety precautions taken during the filming of the music video and Inpyo, the leader of IN2IT, tells us, “All the crew members wore masks on the set. During breaks, we used hand sanitisers and checked our temperature. It was heartwarming to see that everyone put each other’s safety first before their own comfort.”

The artistes also take a moment to commend the efforts of the front line warriors who are working tireless hours to flatten the curve. “The novel coronavirus is dangerous for everyone, but people such as healthcare workers and the police, among others, take on the risk to put others first. I want to thank them from the bottom of my heart... They’re the ones preventing Covid-19 situation from turning into an even bigger disaster,” says Jiahn of IN2IT, encouraging the common masses to put a united front against the pandemic. IN2IT can be seen making DIY masks in the video, in another example of helping out in whatever way you can.

In collaboration with UNESCO, the music video also features scenes of virtual classes, emphasising on the importance of not sidelining studies during the current crisis. AleXa says, “Studying may seem like the least vital piece of everyday life to continue... But, the more we prepare ourselves in the here and now, we can develop preventive measures for whatever future crisis may come. The minds of today make for a better tomorrow; as cliche as that sounds, it’s true.”

These unprecedented times are also seeing a rise in mental health issues due to isolation and extended confinement, and celebrities are no different. “Social isolation is one of the most difficult things to maintain,” agrees US-born AleXA, who says she stays in contact with her friends back home. “We give each other strength.... It’s important to stay connected to school, teachers, and friends,” she adds. The Bomb and Do Or Die singer also shares that she has been watching a lot of cooking shows lately. “I’m a terrible chef, but the shows have sparked an interest in giving baking a shot,” she says.

A peppy dance cover challenge #BeTheFutureChallenge invites fans to shake a leg and let go of the blues for a while.

Meanwhile, Inho of IN2IT is grateful for the healing power of music. For instance, he finds the original soundtrack of the Hugh Jackman-starrer The Greatest Showman uplifting. “I think it helps to listen to songs that give you courage and faith...,” he says, but is quick to add that sometimes, this doesn’t work. “I think it’s important to not be so hard on yourself,” adds the Snapshot singer.

Sympathising with people who are under quarantine or lockdown, the artists suggest using this time to take up a new hobby and spending more time with your loved ones. “If you keep yourself busy, time flies faster than you realise... Recently, there’s a lot more creativity being seen on the internet and I feel like if you had ideas before, now’s the time for you to show them,” Isaac of IN2IT says.

Optimism is indeed one of the greatest weapons to fight and overcome any adversity. And, these K-pop idols are also focusing on the silver lining. “I hope everyone keeps reminding themselves that every little bit helps protect the world,” says Inpyo. “When all this blows over, I’m going to enjoy the little things in daily life a whole lot more,” promises Yeontae.

Connect with the author on Twitter/@TheMissCurious

Follow @htshowbiz on Twitter for moreTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.South Korea has been praised for its robust and aggressive response to the Covid-19 outbreak. In mid-February, the country had the second-highest number of cases after China owing to a cluster of infections that was linked to the Shincheonji Church in Seoul.

Yet, by mid-April, the number of new cases per day had dwindled down to single digits. By early May, the Korean government was aiming to normalise the functioning of schools, businesses, and other facilities.

Despite South Korea never implementing a full lockdown, it is understandable that people – including celebrities – are itching for their lives to go back to normal. As social distancing measures were relaxed, crowds began to return to clubs, bars, and other entertainment establishments.

In early May, a new cluster of cases was recorded in Seoul, stemming from several clubs and bars in the Itaewon district. As of May 20, over 130 cases have been linked back to the club cluster, threatening to put a halt to government efforts to revitalise the country.

Amongst those caught up in this Covid-19 resurgence are the following big names in K-pop:

The four idols, collectively known to fans as the ’97 Liners, were confirmed to have spent a night out bar-hopping in the Itaewon district of Seoul. As reported by entertainment outlet Dispatch, the group visited a restaurant and two bars in Itaewon between April 25 and April 26. It was later discovered that a patient with Covid-19 had visited the same area on May 2, prompting the Ministry of Health and Welfare to order compulsory testing for all who had visited entertainment facilities in Itaewon between April 24 and May 6. The agencies of all four idols later confirmed that the boys had tested negative for the disease and would be undergoing self-quarantine. Each agency then released a formal apology on behalf of their idol, expressing their regret over their "careless management (of their artistes)" and for not following the government’s social distancing guidelines. They also took care to clarify that the boys had not visited the club which had hosted the first confirmed case in the new cluster. Jaehyun and Cha Eun Woo also uploaded handwritten apology letters to their respective social media accounts.

Best known as the leader of now-defunct girl group Kara, Park Gyuri was spotted dancing in a nightclub without a mask on. Coincidentally, patient zero of the Itaewon cluster was reportedly present at the club on the same night Park was there. Park’s management agency confirmed these allegations via an official statement and said that Park had voluntarily undergone testing for the virus. According to the agency, Park’s test results had come back negative, and she would be “deeply reflecting upon her actions” while in self-isolation. Park and her agency initially stated that the actress had kept her face mask on throughout her time at the club. Later they clarified that Park had taken her mask off for about 20 seconds in the club.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Shinhan Investment has received a request to delay K-pop-related private equity fund redemption from a Hong Kong-based asset management firm due to underperforming entertainment business, according to industry sources Wednesday.The brokerage unit of the Shinhan Financial Group invested 20 million euros ($21.7 million) in Royal China International Asset Management’s K-pop Showbiz Asia II Fund in April last year.It was structured to earn profits from ticket sales by IME International, which organized K-pop concerts in Hong Kong. The total value of the private equity fund came to 40 million euros.The fund’s maturity date was set for April 7, but Shinhan Investment was not able to receive its investment funds even a month later. Instead, the brokerage firm received a six-month maturity extension request from Royal China.Hit by Hong Kong’s mass protests and the novel coronavirus outbreak, IME International failed to meet its profit demand from its planned concerts. The production agency then reinvested the ticket sales profits in another show, but it incurred further losses, the source said.With the entertainment industry especially hit hard by the pandemic, Shinhan Investment might lose its investment. However, the brokerage firm said that it will prevent investors’ losses by establishing security on the production agency’s assets, including stocks.“There was no problem with the PEF, when we received a report from Royal China by the end of March. Currently, we’re reviewing what triggered the redemption delay,” a Shinhan Investment official said.“When the K-pop fund was structured, IME International had guaranteed its payment. Once we receive a repayment plan from it, we’ll come up with effective countermeasures on the matter, such as by executing security.”By Jie Ye-eun ( yeeun@heraldcorp.comTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.G-Dragon, whose real name is Kwon Ji-yong, debuted in 2006 as leader of the K-pop act and has enjoyed enormous global success, especially in Asia, both as part of the group and through solo projects. Following a two-year hiatus spent fulfilling his mandatory military service, G-Dragon quietly resumed his show business career in late 2019.In yet another sign of just how upside-down 2020 has been, K-pop fans are now working hard to ensure their favorite groups don't trend on Twitter. In light of recent events, several K-pop fandoms have put a temporary halt on their regular activities out of respect for the #BlackLivesMatter movement. This includes fans of popular groups such as Blackpink, BTS, NCT 127, and Stray Kids.

On May 25, 46-year-old George Floyd died in Minneapolis, Minnesota after police handcuffed him and knelt on his neck for several minutes. According to widely-circulated video footage of the incident, police officer Derek Chauvin continued to pin Floyd to the ground even as he repeatedly protested he couldn't breathe. Surveillance footage of some of the events preceding the incident failed to support police claims that Floyd was resisting arrest.

Floyd's death quickly led to widespread protests and the resurgence of the #BlackLivesMatter hashtag on Twitter. Characterised by his brother as a "gentle giant," Floyd is only the latest black person to die needlessly at the hands of law enforcement. Even the phrase "I can't breathe" isn't new, having also been the dying words of 43-year-old Eric Garner as he was choked by a New York police officer in 2014.

In support of #BlackLivesMatter, many K-pop fans are temporarily refraining from trying to make phrases and hashtags related to their favorite groups trend on Twitter. This is typically a regular activity amongst K-pop fans, who are well-known for their abundant passion. Coordinated efforts to promote groups, stream their music, and make them trend on social media are common, particularly when new content is released.

However, in a moment of cross-fandom unity, fans of multiple K-pop groups have decided there are more important hashtags that should be trending right now.

BTS fans, or "Armys," took to censoring the names of group members to prevent them from trending, particularly when lead rapper Min Yoon-gi (also known by his stage names Suga and Agust D) started a livestream on May 28.

Blackpink and Lady Gaga's "Sour Candy" did trend on U.S. Twitter upon its May 28 release. However, many Blackpink fans — known as "Blinks" — agreed that now is not the right time for fans to promote the collaboration. Usually a K-pop group releasing a new song would be cause for their fans to frantically spam their hashtags, but thousands of Blinks refrained from doing so.

Fans of NCT 127 also had particular reason to trend their tags. On May 28, the boy group's new song "Punch" achieved its first win on K-pop chart show M Countdown, beating out "Can't You See Me?" by TXT. Even so, many of NCT 127's fans, known as "NCTzens," asked each other not to distract from the protests.

Further, K-pop group Stray Kids is expected to release new promotional content soon, having just announced the date of their first full-length album GO生 on May 28. Despite their excitement, some fans, or "Stays," have committed to not making their hashtags trend right now.

Considering how heated K-pop fandom wars can get, it's nice to see they can put aside their differences and come together to support something much more important. They're still working hard to ensure the phrases they want appear in Twitter's trends, but the hashtags are just a bit different this time.

UPDATE: May 29, 2020, 2:36 p.m. PDT This post has been updated to correct George Floyd's age. He was 46 when he died.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.KPOP has been slowly growing over the last decade but in recent years has truly made its explosion into the west. From BTS cementing their place as top selling artists globally to Blackpink performing at Coachella, Korean pop music is fast becoming one of the most popular entertainment markets worldwide. One of the latest groups to hit the industry are ITZY, a fun, fab five-piece who are on the tracks to becoming one of the biggest girl groups in KPOP.

ITZY come from JYP Entertainment, the home to one of the biggest names in the industry, Twice. In contrast to their sister group, the girls are the current princesses of the teen crush concept. Singing about being secure in who you are and loving your current self, ITZY are important to the teens of Korea and globally. Debuting under the same agency as one of South Korea’s biggest female exports, there was a sense of pressure for them to live up to JYP’s history of strong girl groups. Only one year into their career, ITZY are carving their own place in JYP history and becoming one of the most exciting groups of the fourth generation of KPOP.

ITZY consists of five members: Yeji, Ryujin, Lia, Chaeryeong and Yuna. Debuting in February 2019 with Dalla-Dalla, the high energy and in-your-face single, they made their mark in the industry by stepping firmly into a solid, powerful, and confident self-love concept. Dalla-Dalla became one of the most loved songs in South Korea of 2019 and solidified ITZY as the top rookie girl group of 2019 (and it was also in our top 10 KPOP songs of the year, FYI.) ICY followed up with a similar message of not caring what others think because you know you are IT. As well as becoming South Korea’s beloved rookie girl group, the girls made their mark internationally, being one of the most anticipated acts at the American leg of KCON. Despite only have a 15-minute-long set, the quintet had the crowd hooked from the very get-go.

Entering 2020 with their latest comeback It’z Me, a mini album continuing their mission to empower teens (and even those older who still need reminding) to embrace themselves. Wannabe, the title track sings of not wanting to be anyone but themselves and is definitely their most well rounded single thus far. Commercially, the EP shifted 60,000 copies in its first week of release, double the amount that It’z ICY sold the previous summer. It’z Me has since gone on to sell 126,000 copies in its first month of release.

Only one year into their career and ITZY are on a fast track to becoming one of the top girl groups in South Korea and are on their way to advancing globally with their popularity increases with each new release.

What’s your favourite ITZY song? Let us know by tweeting the CelebMix account!"I was so happy to see so many big girls be happy about their size, and realize and understand that the tag is a safe space. "

Arletta is a 21-year-old from Virginia who just graduated from college and is starting a master's degree program in the fall. She is also a huge K-pop fan. Arletta told BuzzFeed News she first got into the genre in middle school, and now has a long list of groups she casually listens to frequently. Just some of her favorite artists are BTS, Seventeen, GOT7, MONSTA X, SHINee, NCT, EXO, ATEEZ, Twice, IU, and Chungha.

 However, she started to realize something was missing in the stan community: a place for plus-size fans like herself to be celebrated. So, she and other plus-size fans decided in a group chat to do something about it. Last week, they started a hashtag aimed at uplifting plus-size K-pop fans called "#BigKpopBitches."



Many K-pop fans participate in what they call "selca days," during which a fan posts a selfie of themselves alongside a photo of their favorite member of a K-pop group. Across most K-pop fandoms there are different days of each month dedicated for "selca days" for each fandom. According to Arletta, when she scrolled through the hashtags, she "noticed that a lot of the top ones were all, like, skinny people."

 Arletta said she wanted to create something to highlight plus-size fans specifically, as she noticed they weren't really represented when she checked the hashtags that already existed.

 She said: "I even went to check the other fandoms' selca days like nctzens, carats, orbits, ahgases etc. And like, don’t get me wrong, I still think it's a good thing but while I'm pretty comfortable in my body, even I hesitate in participating in those days ’cause I'm not seeing people who are big like me." Arletta said that even the "selca days" dedicated to black fans made her feel left out. "Even as a black woman I went to go check the blackout selca days and it was still skinny or people with desirable bodies," she said.

Her starting the hashtag wasn't a whim. She said she thought about it for a while and then decided to create an inclusive way for K-pop fans to share photos.

 Arletta said she wanted her hashtag to encompass more than the specific K-pop fandom people belonged to, instead giving plus-size people a space where they feel seen and represented. She got some help from her friend Ta'Chyna, who came up with the hashtag's name. She felt that speaking out was important "especially in K-pop, where idols gain a little bit of fat on their cheeks and are called out by antis for being fat when it’s probably healthy weight."

Arletta said she spoke to her group chat that’s all plus-size girls and they brainstormed the idea. She said on the day they introduced the hashtag, she was a little worried about the response that they might get.

 "While I’m fine with getting fatphobic comments, I didn’t want anyone else to get them and feel bad," she said, "but luckily it doesn't seem like anybody did.” People really liked the hashtag and participated that day. Arletta said she was caught off guard because the responses were all positive and people had told her it made them feel more confident about themselves.

“Some people were just happy to see it ’cause they had seen a rise in hate towards plus-size people recently," Arletta said. “A lot of other people that participated said that they had never received so many compliments in their life and it was just a really positive time for them.” Her friend Ta’Chyna (@keys_bum), who is in her group chat and came up with the name for the hashtag, told BuzzFeed News she is also a plus-size girl and thought that it was important to have representation. She said she encouraged Arletta to start the hashtag.





“When people started posting their pictures, I was so happy to see so many big girls be happy about their size and realize and understand that the tag is a safe space," she said. “Completely judgement free, there was nothing but support from everyone and I think that was my favorite part about it all."



Ta’Chyna said she hopes the hashtag will be monthly, like the other selca days.



Twitter user @ultshope, who goes by Moon, is also in the group chat and said she loved the hashtag too. She said: “I thought it was very supportive to us bigger fans.”



She also participated and said she was surprised at the love she got from people. “Usually some people are mean in hashtags to people because they are different but I got nothing but love and support and gained new friends," she said.According to their website, applicants can just send in their profile and full-body photo to SM's casting director via email or through their website. They should also attach a video file of a dance performance or a music file of a song rendition.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.UNESCO estimates that 1.5 billion students are affected by the closure of schools and universities around the world due to the current pandemic.

To keep them motivated, the agency has collaborated with K-Pop artistes IN2IT, AleXa and Dreamcatcher for a music video titled ‘Be the Future’.

The single was released as part of UNESCO’s launch of Global Education Coalition. This is the first time the agency has roped in the South Korean band, which has 400 million fans in 230 countries.

The artistes are collectively part of the Millenasia Project, and the peppy number explains the importance of studying from home.

The chorus goes, “Wash your hands soapy clean, clean. Put your mask on, simple indeed,” as the artistes enact the basics of physical distancing and self isolation.

The lyrics, by IN2IT members, Jeong Yeontae and Yoo Jiahnin collaboration with the band Love X Stereo, are mostly in English. .“Don’t let the seclusion get you down, it’s important to stay connected to school, teachers and friends,” they sing.

The songwriter and singer Jeong Yeontae from IN2IT sums up the purpose of spreading the good word, “My third-grade teacher taught me that at the very least we should all try to make a difference with our lives. Now, I can make a difference by staying at home and caring for my parents.”

“I hope everyone will keep their spirits up and that our energy will give you strength,” says Dreamcatcher’s SuA. The song was filmed and recorded just outside of Seoul in late April. Exercising social distancing, the production was turned around in four weeks.

The video also features the 2020 Global Teacher Prize finalist Yun Jeong Hyun, highlighting how teachers across the world continue to inspire, even as the world shifts to a new order. It is aimed at reminding young people that whilst they may not have symptoms of the virus, they can still transmit it to family or extended family members.

An adorable Siberian tiger mascot and the bebop spunk expected from Korean pop music recalls a different time not so long ago. “It reminds us there is still optimism and small joys even in the worst of times,” sums up Sunny Varkey of the Varkey Foundation.

‘Be The Future’ is available on Millenasia’s YouTube channel, Apple Music, Spotify, Melon, Anghami, Boomplay, and 25 music platforms around the world. For details, visit millenasiaproject.com.Dita Karang, an Indonesian dancer and vocalist, has joined the five-member South Korean girl group Secret Number, which will debut this month, according to reports.

Dita appeared in a picture on the group’s Instagram account on Wednesday alongside the other members: Léa, Soodam, Jinny and Denise. They were wearing colorful outfits in front of a pink background.

According to kompas.com, Dita will be the group’s main dancer, vocalist and rapper.

On Instagram, Dita sometimes captions her photos in Indonesian, in addition to English and Korean.

“Can’t believe this was almost 3 years ago. I’m so excited for what comes next. Mimpimu nggak terbatas [your dreams are limitless]! I’m also still working towards my goals and so can you! Selamat #HariKartini,” read one post uploaded to commemorate Kartini Day on April 21. The accompanying picture showed Dita standing in front of the American Ballet Theater in New York, the United States.

The Indonesian netizens who have commented on her Instagram photos have mostly expressed admiration and support.

“I’m looking forward to your debut, don’t give up,” said @riantibetti.

An Instagram users shows her support for Dita from Secret Number. (instagram.com/ditakarang/File)

“Your dance cover [video] is awesome. Keep up your spirit, don’t ever listen to the haters following your debut later on,” said @cnaraa_. “Just remember that you’ve already made Indonesia proud by making your debut in Korea.”

Léa, too, hails from outside South Korea. She is Japanese. She started her career as a participant in the South Korean survival reality show MXNINE produced by South Korean entertainment agency YG Entertainment.

The girl group has uploaded two dance cover videos on their Instagram: “Medicine” by Jennifer Lopez featuring French Montana and “Kiss and Make Up” by Dua Lipa and BLACKPINK. (wir/kes)It’s taken just four years for Blackpink to become one of the biggest girl bands in the world, with members Jennie, Jisoo, Rosé and Lisa continuing to smash new records and forge new ground. They were the first K-pop girl group to play at Coachella and to reach 1 billion YouTube views — now they’re the most-subscribed-to music group on the platform — as well as being the first girl group from any country to feature on Forbes Asia’s 30 Under 30 list.



Read more: 7 K-Pop Stars Shaping Fashion In 2020



In 2019, they broke three Guinness World Records with the single “Kill This Love”, which has had more than 312 million plays on Spotify and over 824 million YouTube views — a mere fraction of the quartet’s billions of streams, downloads, views and followers. That same year they also undertook the most financially successful concert tour by a Korean female group. They’ve been front-row fixtures at runway shows and the faces of mega brands including Chanel, Puma, Louis Vuitton and Dior. And all this with just a handful of songs in their repertoire. How on earth did they do it?

As the first girl group in seven years out of YG Entertainment (home to K-pop legends Bagbang, 2NE1 and formerly, Psy), excitement prior to Blackpink’s August 2016 debut had built to fever pitch. There were big shoes to fill; the beloved, trailblazing four-member girl group 2NE1 were over and Blackpink were expected to revive the bold EDM pop sound they’d embodied. Their debut, Square One, was an overnight smash, the insistent build of “Whistle” and cocky chorus on “Boombayah” making for a short but thrilling introduction.

In November 2016, second single album Square Two featured a pop banger (“Playing With Fire”), an acoustic version of “Whistle” and “Stay”, a country-influenced track that allowed them to flex their vocal wings away from their ‘girl crush’ concept (K-pop vernacular for a fiery look and sound that’s proved immensely popular with international audiences).

Though dubbed ‘the new 2NE1’ during their rookie days, watching some of their first appearances on Korean variety shows brings into focus not only Blackpink’s chaotically entertaining presence but the determination to carve out their own identities. Vocalist Jisoo has become a face for beauty brands Kiss Me and Dior; rapper and vocalist Jennie has branched out as a soloist and a powerful influencer; New Zealand-born Rosé’s distinct vocal has seen her on hits for G-Dragon, while Thailand-born rapper and dancer Lisa is the most-followed K-pop star on Instagram.

Then, and now, they recognise the need for each other to complete the group alchemy that’s endeared them to millions. “I don’t think a specific member should do more dancing or one member does more singing. I think Blackpink’s harmony is complete because of each person’s energy,” Jennie told Vogue Korea earlier this year.

Avril, a 16-year-old Blink (Blackpink’s fandom name) from Peru discovered them in 2018. “Everything about them made me become a fan,” she tells Vogue over Twitter. “The way they perform, their iconic songs and choreos, their friendship, even the way they dress. Blackpink were on a whole new level.” Meanwhile, McElvin, a 22-year-old long-time K-pop fan in the Philippines, was on board even before their debut. “Blackpink has this engaging, charismatic feeling,” he explains via Twitter. “They’re the visualisation of pure talent and energy that a K-pop girl group must have. They’re the whole package for me.”

The longstanding vision of K-pop as a blinged-out, ultra-slick fantasy world was created by three labels — YG Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and SM Entertainment. YG is renowned for maximalist visuals and a heavy, club-friendly sound devised by in-house writer/producer Teddy Park — the man behind some of K-pop’s biggest, hookiest hits. On Blackpink’s 2018 “Ddu-du-ddu-du” (“DDDD” for short) all these elements aligned to produce an irresistible pop package.

Nineteen-year-old Ally (not her real name), a Singaporean who runs a sizeable fan account on Twitter calls “DDDD” “their total breakthrough”. Success lay in the catchy titular refrain, the memorable finger-gun dance and a gloriously excessive video, but also in Blackpink themselves as aspirational but emulatable, aesthetically fierce but not intimidating, killer on stage but adorable off it. The four-track EP, Square Up, would go platinum in South Korea, “DDDD” would reach gold in the US, becoming their first billion-view video, and “Kill This Love” would make them the first-ever Korean girl group to enter the UK singles chart.

Is less more?

These milestones came via a fandom that had grown rapidly since late 2016, but who had to wait eight months for 2017’s single “As If It’s Your Last”, then an entire year for its follow-up “Square Up”. One release per year was once standard in K-pop, when there were fewer groups fighting for a share of a small domestic market. Groups now average two or three releases (known as ‘comebacks’) a year in a bid to grow and maintain fandoms, but YG Entertainment — one of South Korea’s oldest K-pop agencies — remained unapologetically committed to less is more.

It’s not a failsafe plan — it draws constant fan criticism, petitions and boycott threats — but the old-school approach, in an era of oversaturation and instant gratification, has created heightened desire and demand. It’s turned every comeback into a global event and has funnelled the fandom’s streaming power into the kind of headline-making, spreadsheet-melting numbers that have seduced many a label executive.

Like many successful musicians, Blackpink understands the power in marrying the worlds of music and fashion. Their innate understanding of style has made them hot property, with the girls now FROW fixtures at Fashion Week. In September 2019, Jisoo popped to London for Burberry, while Rosé wowed at Saint Laurent (and was also asked by Anthony Vaccarello to be brand ambassador). Meanwhile, Jennie found herself next to Cardi B at Chanel, for whom she is also a brand ambassador.

In February 2020, Lisa — currently muse for Hedi Slimane’s Celine — took a trip to Milan for Prada’s autumn/winter 2020 show. Given their proven selling power — magazines have reported needing to print quadruple copies to supply demand, their tours sell out in seconds — the relationship between the band and fashion’s leading houses will long continue to flourish.

Blackpink signed to US-based Interscope Records in late 2018, a direct play for the American market and something no South Korean girl group had tried since Girls’ Generation in 2012. Despite their skill and experience, Blackpink’s awkward, lacklustre February 2019 performances on Good Morning America and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert were widely panned. But in front of a vast, mostly K-pop-unaware audience at Coachella, the universality of the group’s songs bloomed, earning rave reviews. A high point was the rousing “Kill This Love”, the title single from their new EP.

“Kill This Love” would go UK top 40 and US top 50, making Blackpink and BTS the only South Korean pop groups to have impacted these hard-to-reach singles charts. There will always be those dismissive of K-pop for reasons such as the language barrier yet, for decades, non-Korean-speaking audiences have connected in meaningful ways to its songs, and Blackpink is no exception. “They have [tracks] that can make you sentimental, songs to boost your confidence, you can literally dance all your sadness away just listening to them,” says McElvin, while Sansi, an 18-year-old French Blink, describes their tracks via email as “a mix between sad and joyful. Blackpink puts so much love into everything they do, their energy and positive auras are so strong.”

It’s rare that the members aren’t busy, even when there isn’t a release to promote. They often turn to Instagram to communicate with their combined 128 million followers (including the main Blackpink account), and have focused on solidifying their A-list status as fashion icons (such as Jennie’s recent collaboration with luxury eyewear brand Gentle Monster), industry mentors and accidental viral queens (Lisa’s stint on survival show Youth With You and her performance video that became a Did it work? meme).

And finally, a year after their last record, the wait is almost over. There’s the forthcoming Lady Gaga collaboration, Sour Candy, on her album Chromatica, and a June comeback from the band itself. Blinks are ecstatic. “They never disappoint,” says Avril. “Their name is becoming bigger and bigger, and I couldn’t be more proud. They deserve it.” Undoubtedly the new material will be a success; there’s nowhere for the quartet to go except up.

The question might be, what exactly does this success look like? Could they eventually be the first K-pop girl group to break the west? The opportunity is there for the taking, but that means new successes must be capitalised upon and old strategies reexamined and refined. Now is the time for Blackpink to really be the revolution.

Blackpink will release a new album in June.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Several K-pop stars are hoping to inspire students and educators affected by the worldwide impact of COVID-19 in a new song that puts the focus on daily life with the coronavirus. “Be The Future” features girl group Dreamcatcher, boy band IN2IT, and soloist AleXa, and arrived today (May 5) in collaboration with UNESCO.

The collective of performers were brought together by Millenasia, a media brand that specifically curates content for millennial Asian audiences, to participate in the project as the “Millenasia Project,” singing about the difficulties of the current environment that has many practicing social distancing and distance learning, aiming to inspire students to keep up with their studies.

"All the days may feel the same, it's something that you can't control," the K-pop stars making up the Millenasia Project sing in “Be The Future.” "But let me show you how, how we're gonna get through all this." A few moments later, the catchy chorus arrives: "Wash your hands, soapy clean, clean. Put your mask on, simple indeed."

The song and music video also reference social distancing regularly, and provide tips for managing the current state of living for many people across the world.

“Be The Future” was produced by Korean production team Artmatic and written in collaboration with the band Love X Stereo. The music video was created by production team Zanybros, which AleXa is associated with.

“My third grade teacher taught me that at the very least we should all try to make a difference with our lives,” said IN2IT’s Yeontae about participating. “Now that we are suffering by COVID-19, I can make a difference by staying at home and caring for my parents. I hope young people everywhere are able to withstand these difficult times, and make a conscious choice to protect their friends and family by following prevention rules."

The song and its music video were created by Millenasia in partnership with the Varkey Foundation, a member of UNESCO’s Global Education Coalition that focuses on improving education across the world.

“It was an honor to partner up with UNESCO’s Global Education Coalition to partake in this campaign,” said AleXa. “Being able to collaborate with such amazing seniors like Dreamcatcher and IN2IT made this project super fun! We strongly hope that this song and its message of health catches young people’s attention and helps encourage safety standards, globally.”

The song is just the latest release coming out of the K-pop world even as many music industries across the globe come to a halt in the face of the coronavirus pandemic. South Korea’s music scene rapidly adjusted after initial upsets and continues to produce content amid the state of things as the country manages the spread of COVID-19.

“I am delighted that these K-pop artists have united to send an important message about staying safe during this global pandemic,” said Stefania Giannini, Assistant Director General for Education at UNESCO. “Our Global Education Coalition is determined to do all it can to facilitate inclusive learning opportunities for the 1.5 billion students and youth across the planet that have been affected by school and university closures due to the COVID-19 outbreak. Crucially, we’re determined to put the teacher voice at the heart of our mission to give every child their birthright; a good education."

K-pop has a long history of stars being featured in promotional campaigns to raise awareness about social issues, including things like voting early and suicide prevention.

“This music video is a fantastic way to ensure important messages about COVID-19 reach young people throughout the world,” said Varkey Foundation founder Sunny Varkey.K-pop is fiercely revving up its presence on the global music scene, with myriad singers attaining unprecedented international stardom. But there are so-called "K-pop makers" who receive far less limelight than they deserve, despite their contributions to the birth of megastars.Vocal trainer Kim Sung-eun, teacher of big-name artists including BTS, TWICE and Kang Daniel, is one such figure.*Full article by Dong Sun-hwa at: https://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/art/2020/05/732_288428.htmlOn 26 May, the 13-member K-pop group SEVENTEEN will celebrate their fifth anniversary since debuting. For their Los Angeles-born vocalist Joshua, it’s hard to fathom. “It’s gone by really quickly, we’ve been so busy with releases and preparing for concerts!” he smiles, the band’s six EPs, three albums and five tours likely racing through his mind in a hazy montage.

SEVENTEEN were not an overnight sensation. As for many artists, theirs has been a journey of highs and lows, of wins and losses. Now, in 2020, rappers S.Coups, Vernon, Mingyu and Wonwoo, and vocalists Woozi, DK, Seungkwan, Dino, Jun, THE8, Hoshi, Joshua, and Jeonghan are a respected force within K-pop -- both domestically and internationally, they’re a group acclaimed for their flawless performances as well as their songwriting and production. Alongside regular contributions from the members to the lyrics and music, vocalist Woozi and their record label Pledis’ in-house producer Bumzu have written and produced all of the group’s material. Joshua describes their relationship as having progressed from Bumzu being Woozi’s mentor, to that of two artists “on an equal footing”.

Continually pushing themselves creatively -- traversing from pop and funk to ballads, from hip-hop to house -- SEVENTEEN are unwilling to settle for one sound, no matter how successful it is. “We don’t see it as taking risks”, says Mingyu, “but as embracing change”. To celebrate that five year evolution, the group FaceTime i-D to talk us through the five pivotal singles of their already remarkable career.

ADORE U (May 2015)

According to Hoshi, it wasn’t a certainty that the funk-laced bubblegum pop of “Adore U” would be their official first single. “Shining Diamond” -- released as a pre-debut song and similarly ebullient -- was another strong contender, particularly, Seungkwan points out, because “the lyrics really portrayed our identity and passion”. Woozi emphasises that, despite this, “”Adore U” was SEVENTEEN, it expressed us best at that time.”

Amongst the 2014-2015 trend for darker imagery and rabble-rousing EDM, “Adore U” was a pastel-hued stick of candyfloss, with a music video that Vernon describes as equally out of step; its tongue-in-cheek scenes playing to the strength of their personalities. Lowkey, at least for K-pop, it nevertheless presented a fantasy -- the ideal boy next door -- but also portrayed the SEVENTEEN who fans already knew thanks to two chaotic pre-debut reality shows. “Pledis lead us in a natural way to [be able to] express ourselves, but also be ‘SEVENTEEN the K-pop group’ they wanted us to be,” Vernon says, explaining the balance they’ve struck between the industry’s controlled image and being the masters of their own music.

The song's boy-meets-girl premise might be simple but the composition of “Adore U” is astute and perfectly weighted, from a super sticky chorus to the unexpected accordions and DK and Seungkwan’s power vocals. Today SEVENTEEN are amusingly at odds on what their confidence was like leading up to the release -- S.Coups remembers his unshakeable faith in the song and their performance, while Jeonghan, though he had believed that going against the grain “might have more impact”, says wryly that “confident wouldn’t be the appropriate term!”

Although having performed it literally hundreds of times over the years, the group still has a soft spot for “Adore U” (Wonwoo fondly calls it “still upbeat and fun”), and it’s the song’s unrelenting freshness that has cemented its legacy as one of K-pop’s finest debuts.

(아주 NICE) VERY NICE (July 2016)

Mingyu calls SEVENTEEN’s first three singles (“Adore U”, “Mansae” and “Pretty U”) a trilogy. ““Very Nice” fits into that narrative too,” he says, “but you can also say they’re all individual tracks”. And while DK recalls the group as being more interested in demonstrating musical growth than storytelling, the thread upon which all the lyrics hang -- from the irrationality and sweet confessions of first love, to the wild happiness that follows on “Very Nice” -- neatly evolves with their sonic progression.

Their exhilarating brassy sound is pushed to its final frontier on “Very Nice”, as if all of its predecessors had purposefully led to this point. “Of course there was a sense of calculation behind its making -- I was trying to create a very energetic sound,” says Woozi, who’d wanted it as the lead single for their debut album Love & Letter (it’s the lead from the repackaged version). “But songs usually happen in a coincidental manner, almost like destiny, and I have to say this was fate.”

The emotional rush of “Very Nice” is matched with a clean, robust choreography that nods to classic Hollywood musicals. “I only have fun memories of creating the choreography with our choreography team,” says Dino, “we were constantly laughing”. Like most K-pop dances, this one was deceptively challenging. “We brainstormed an item we could add to make things more interesting,” recalls Hoshi. “We came up with the idea to utilise suspenders. It’s simple for the audience to follow but detailed and difficult enough for choreographers to cover.”

To Vernon, it’s the song “that projects the members’ characteristics and chemistry the most,” and so definitive is it of their oeuvre that during 2019’s Ode To You concerts, it became a 21-minute encore. Moreover, “Very Nice” is the pinnacle of the melodic lightness and earworm brilliance that epitomises their 2015-2016 era. Although it never hit first place on South Korea’s weekly chart shows, it has become their second most-watched music video ever (over 74 million views), is regularly covered by male and female groups and, indicative of its beloved status, is a habitual resident on the country’s multiple charts.

(숨이 차) GETTING CLOSER (December 2018)

“We don’t want to focus on one genre, we want to do a variety of music,” says Joshua. And while “Don’t Wanna Cry” (2017) and “Thanks” (2018) shifted the group towards emotive EDM, “Getting Closer” presented their most aggressive electronic sound yet, a powerful move that Wonwoo says they’d collectively wanted to try.

Translated, ““숨이 차” means ‘out of breath’, and “Getting Closer” really is a song that keeps us out of breath while singing and performing,” jokes Jun. "It’s dark, impactful and represents SEVENTEEN’s performance on point," adds DK. "It was a great song to show a more mature side of us.” The performance itself is mesmerising -- the choreography invoking the sinuous pull of desire and temptation in the lyrics. “It’s a brutal song and the dance had to match that,” laughs Vernon. “I really have to stretch before it, it’s bone-breaking.”

THE8 explains that finding the inspiration for this single was simple. “Everyone has their own darker side,” he says. “I felt those emotions in a natural way, which was then embodied in the song.” It wasn’t, however, as straightforward in the studio. With a minimalist but hard-hitting instrumental, Woozi looks back on it as a difficult song. “The production process wasn’t as easy as I thought. We made a lot of changes to the topline, arrangement and lyrics along the way.” What helped, Woozi adds, was thinking about it in performance terms. "Envisioning the stage positively affected the process”.

“Getting Closer” might have only been the warm-up single to the You Made My Dawn EP, but it marked the beginning of a major shift. They were three years into a prolific career and decided on a gear change. “Our focus has always been on being authentic performers,” Vernon says. “You can’t always do the same thing if you want to develop.” This maxim, he says, was one that he, Hoshi, Seungkwan and Woozi ascribed to from the very start and is now embedded in the group’s consciousness. “With “Getting Closer” we broadened our spectrum,” he says. “We took another step forward.”

HIT (August 2019)

“When I first listened to it, I felt a surge of excitement and immediately imagined us performing it on stage,” laughs Seungkwan. “I remember Hoshi was particularly excited about it.” With its terrace chants and g-force inducing drops, “HIT” comes at the listener like a pyroclastic cloud. “It’s so fun, I just want to dance to it,” enthuses Jun. “I guess I was one of the members who was most into it because the performance and overall song fits my style.”

If you were only familiar with their earlier work, you would never imagine that SEVENTEEN might go on to create one of the rare, heart-pounding club bangers within K-pop. But it is exactly this experimentation, Dino tells us, that makes the group tick. “HIT” found life after the group discussed the idea of wanting “to make something powerful and loud”, says S.Coups. “The main goal was to showcase a dynamic performance through this song, so I put a lot of effort into the track,” Woozi remembers. Hoshi grins, adding: “Woozi consistently worked on the details of the sound, so we were all impressed!”

Like “Getting Closer”, “HIT” is, in a way, reverse-engineered to underscore its stage concept. But even without its dramatic music video and striking choreography, the sensual verses and war cry hook make “HIT” a satisfyingly multifaceted hype track. But behind the beats lies an important cause at the heart of SEVENTEEN: “From this day forth, we’re free”, the lyrics herald. In the music video, Jeonghan’s tangled ropes are cut, and in the choreography, Dino is caught before breaking loose. “Because our music and performances fit what we want, that itself can be defined as freedom for us,” Joshua explains.

SEVENTEEN’s albums have always been eclectic journeys that manage the mammoth task of reflecting the sensibilities of 13 members. Yet despite their success (last year’s “An Ode” has reached triple-platinum), Vernon wishes “that a lot more people knew about us, our ability to produce our own work” and, he agrees, the breadth contained within it. By unleashing the divisive “HIT”, the group gleefully threw gasoline on their creative spark, generating a fire that few could fail to notice.

FEAR (September 2019)

“We wanted to talk about this song because it expresses SEVENTEEN’s past and present emotions,” says S.Coups. “Our thoughts have matured and we’ve broadened our perspectives. Since we started writing lyrics incorporating our thoughts and emotions, the outcome has become really complex!”

“Nothing lasts forever”, sings Joshua on “Fear”. Aware that pop groups generally have a shelf life, he explains over FaceTime that he tries to live in the present. "But there are times when I’m alone where I wonder what it’ll be like next year and start to worry.” For Vernon, who tells the listener to “cut out the fantasy of me and run away” on the song, a longtime concern lies in “being SEVENTEEN’s Vernon” and his worry of disappointing those who may have built an elevated ideal of Hansol Vernon Choi.

Thus “Fear” was born from SEVENTEEN’s new emotional candidness and a bout of creative turmoil. “We all knew and agreed we needed change but we just couldn’t put our heads around it,” Vernon says, sighing. “We kept working in the studio, trying this and that out. We stressed out so much!”

"We had doubts because we were showing a totally different side of ourselves, concept-wise," admits Woozi. "The direction we should pursue, our position and future -- they were just a few of the pressures we were dealing with. We were always going forward, breaking down walls, but we never really stopped to look up at an unbreakable wall in fear. I feel this inner struggle was something that people didn’t really associate with us, but it’s a definite part of our identity.”

The group used the opening line, “you must erase all memories of me, I’m poison,” as a major component in the choreography, which resembled a Grimm fairytale as they ‘drank’ poison and tore at their chests. “We tried to express poison in various ways,” says Dino, “and we added a storyline to the choreography, that’s why it gave off that kind of vibe.” It resulted, says Hoshi, in a dance “quite different from our usual style”. But there were some awkward moments in creating it. “It was, um, interesting. We’d be practising in front of the mirror and I’d look over and there’d be other members trying out sexy expressions and running their fingers through their hair,” laughs Vernon, recreating the moves.

If making “Fear” brought a renewed sense of creativity then performing it live was an exercise in extending their confidence. “We were able to perform with more edge, and I could move past my worry of whether this concept suited us,” DK says, smiling. For the pragmatic Mingyu, “Fear” was a wobbly stone now cemented on their path as evolving artists. “It was one of our biggest changes,” he says. “And I can say with a bit of confidence that it was quite successful.”To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Who is the best male leader?Find your next job with self-tape audition opportunities for shows across the country.

From auditions to administrative roles, Playbill is the go-to online source for careers in theatre. You can browse the full list of industry jobs in our extensive Job Listings database.

With theatres dark for the time being, casting directors are getting creative and encouraging performers to participate in video auditions. Here's a selection of upcoming Equity auditions around America, in chronological order according to submission deadlines.

WHAT YOU WILL (TWELFTH NIGHT)

EQUITY VIDEO SUBMISSIONS (DEADLINE 06.12.20)

Have a casting notice or job advertisement? Please visit our "post a job" page and begin your search for the perfect applicant.Big Hit Entertainment, the South Korean company that houses the record-breaking act BTS and several other K-pop acts, filed for an initial public offering (IPO), the Korea Exchange said on May 27.

The music-forward company has been long-rumored to be planning to go public, and recent executive-level restructurings and acquisitions have been seen as Big Hit’s continued expansion to become one of the most prominent South Korean entertainment companies.

Reuters reports that JPMorgan, NH Investment & Securities, and Korea Investment & Securities are the underwriters for the offering. There is currently no announced timeline or size of the planned IPO, and it is unknown how the global coronavirus pandemic will affect expectations.

In 2019, Big Hit Entertainment marked its highest business performance to date, reporting revenue worth $507.9 million USD and an operating profit of $85.4 million.

The South Korean company, which was founded in 2005 by chairman-CEO Bang Si-Hyuk, struggled for many years but saw major success in the late 2010s with the rise of BTS. The company launched its second boy band TOMORROW X TOGETHER, typically known as TXT, last year and upcoming boy bands and girl groups are currently in the works. Recent acquisitions have resulted in popular K-pop acts GFriend, Seventeen, and NU’EST coming under Big Hit’s auspices.

Currently, the company’s largest shareholders are Bang and gaming giant Netmarble, which is headed by Bang’s cousin Bang Jun-Hyuk.

Big Hit Entertainment’s IPO will result in the company joining only a handful of other South Korean entertainment companies that have gone public, including the historic “Big 3” K-pop companies, SM Entertainment, JYP Entertainment, YG Entertainment as well as FNC Entertainment and Cube Entertainment.TikTok is all geared up to host its TikTok Stage Live From Seoul, concert!

After many fiery digital K-pop concerts and amazing announcements of upcoming ones, K-pop fans across the world are in for yet another fun surprise as TikTok announced its very own online K-pop concert.

The TikTok Stage Live From Seoul concert will be part of TikTok’s Smile project #smilewithTikTok.

The K-pop concert will take place on May 25 around 5PM KST on the app. The concert will be available to stream live through the TikTok account, @TikTok_Stage.

The vibrant and creative teasers on the TikTok Stage channel on the app are sure to rouse the interest of K-pop fans despite the details of the concert being under wraps as of now.
• Renowned Pianist Yiruma To Hold An Online Mini Concert Via Studio Kiwa

The concert aims to allow maximum interaction from viewers into the live concert. Additionally, fans will also be able to make donations as well.

TikTok Stage Live From Seoul is a digital event which is aimed to be accessible at a global level. This will enable audiences from all over the world to be able to participate in the first vertical live concert from Korea.

The show will be quite a unique experience for fans. The event hopes to project a vivid sense of real concert experience albeit its online setting.

Particularly, the concert is designed to convey a message of hope and support to the world through music.You can't talk about K-Pop without talking about BIGBANG — they're one of the most popular groups of all time for a reason! All you need is one listen of "BANG BANG BANG" to see why they're so highly revered, and for the song to become your go-to party anthem. You're welcome! 😉

If you like this song, check out TVXQ's "Mirotic," 2NE1's "I Am The Best," and SHINee's "Ring Ding Dong!"It’s taken just four years for Blackpink to become one of the biggest girl bands in the world, with members Jennie, Jisoo, Rosé and Lisa continuing to smash new records and forge new ground. They were the first K-pop girl group to play at Coachella and to reach 1bn YouTube views—now they’re the most-subscribed-to music group on the platform—as well as being the first girl group from any country to feature on Forbes Asia’s 30 Under 30 list.

In 2019, they broke three Guinness World Records with the single Kill This Love, which has had more than 312m plays on Spotify and over 824m YouTube views—a mere fraction of the quartet’s billions of streams, downloads, views and followers. That same year they also undertook the most financially successful concert tour by a Korean female group. They’re front-row fixtures at runway shows and the faces of mega brands including Chanel, Puma, Louis Vuitton and Dior. And all this with just a handful of songs in their repertoire. How on earth did they do it?

As the first girl group in seven years out of YG Entertainment (home to K-pop legends BIGBANG, 2NE1 and formerly, Psy), excitement prior to Blackpink’s August 2016 debut had built to fever pitch. There were big shoes to fill; the beloved, trailblazing four-member girl group 2NE1 were over and Blackpink were expected to revive the bold EDM pop sound they’d embodied. Their debut, Square One, was an overnight smash, the insistent build of Whistle and cocky chorus on Boombayah making for a short but thrilling introduction.

In November 2016, second single album Square Two featured a pop banger (Playing With Fire), an acoustic version of Whistle and Stay, a country-influenced track that allowed them to flex their vocal wings away from their ‘girl crush’ concept (K-pop vernacular for a fiery look and sound that’s proved immensely popular with international audiences).

Though dubbed ‘the new 2NE1’ during their rookie days, watching some of their first appearances on Korean variety shows brings into focus not only Blackpink’s chaotically entertaining presence but the determination to carve out their own identities. Vocalist Jisoo has become a face for beauty brands Kiss Me and Dior; rapper and vocalist Jennie has branched out as a soloist and a powerful influencer; New Zealand-born Rosé’s distinct vocal has seen her on hits for G-Dragon, while Thailand-born rapper and dancer Lisa is the most-followed K-pop star on Instagram.

Then, and now, they recognise the need for each other to complete the group alchemy that’s endeared them to millions. “I don’t think a specific member should do more dancing or one member does more singing. I think Blackpink’s harmony is complete because of each person’s energy,” Jennie told Vogue Korea earlier this year.

Avril, a 16-year-old Blink (Blackpink’s fandom name) from Peru discovered them in 2018. “Everything about them made me become a fan,” she tells Vogue over Twitter. “The way they perform, their iconic songs and choreos, their friendship, even the way they dress. Blackpink were on a whole new level.” Meanwhile, McElvin, a 22-year-old long-time K-pop fan in the Philippines, was on board even before their debut. “Blackpink has this engaging, charismatic feeling,” he explains via Twitter. “They’re the visualisation of pure talent and energy that a K-pop girl group must have. They’re the whole package for me.”

The longstanding vision of K-pop as a blinged-out, ultra-slick fantasy world was created by three labels—YG Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and SM Entertainment. YG is renowned for maximalist visuals and a heavy, club-friendly sound devised by in-house writer/producer Teddy Park—the man behind some of K-pop’s biggest, hookiest hits. On Blackpink’s 2018 Ddu-du-ddu-du (DDDD for short) all these elements aligned to produce an irresistible pop package.

Nineteen-year-old Ally (not her real name), a Singaporean who runs a sizeable fan account on Twitter calls DDDD “their total breakthrough”. Success lay in the catchy titular refrain, the memorable finger-gun dance and a gloriously excessive video, but also in Blackpink themselves as aspirational but emulatable, aesthetically fierce but not intimidating, killer on stage but adorable off it. The four-track EP, Square Up, would go platinum in South Korea, DDDD would reach gold in the US, becoming their first billion-view video, and Kill This Love would make them the first-ever Korean girl group to enter the UK singles chart.

Is less more?

These milestones came via a fandom that had grown rapidly since late 2016, but who had to wait eight months for 2017’s single As If It’s Your Last, then an entire year for its follow-up Square Up. One release per year was once standard in K-pop, when there were fewer groups fighting for a share of a small domestic market. Groups now average two or three releases (known as ‘comebacks’) a year in a bid to grow and maintain fandoms, but YG Entertainment—one of South Korea’s oldest K-pop agencies—remained unapologetically committed to less is more.

It’s not a failsafe plan—it draws constant fan criticism, petitions and boycott threats—but the old-school approach, in an era of oversaturation and instant gratification, has created heightened desire and demand. It’s turned every comeback into a global event and has funnelled the fandom’s streaming power into the kind of headline-making, spreadsheet-melting numbers that have seduced many a label executive.

Like many successful musicians, Blackpink understands the power in marrying the worlds of music and fashion. Their innate understanding of style has made them hot property, with the girls now FROW fixtures at Fashion Week. In September 2019, Jisoo popped to London for Burberry, while Rosé wowed at Saint Laurent (and was also asked by Anthony Vaccarello to be brand ambassador). Meanwhile, Jennie found herself next to Cardi B at Chanel, for whom she is also a brand ambassador.

In February 2020, Lisa—currently muse for Hedi Slimane’s Celine—took a trip to Milan for Prada’s AW20 shows. Given their proven selling power—magazines have reported needing to print quadruple copies to supply demand, their tours sell out in seconds—the relationship between the band and fashion’s leading houses will long continue to flourish.

Blackpink signed to US-based Interscope Records in late 2018, a direct play for the American market and something no South Korean girl group had tried since Girls’ Generation in 2012. Despite their skill and experience, Blackpink’s awkward, lacklustre February 2019 performances on Good Morning America and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert were widely panned. But in front of a vast, mostly K-pop-unaware audience at Coachella, the universality of the group’s songs bloomed, earning rave reviews. A high point was the rousing Kill This Love, the title single from their new EP.

Kill This Love would go UK top 40 and US top 50, making Blackpink and BTS the only South Korean pop groups to have impacted these hard-to-reach singles charts. There will always be those dismissive of K-pop for reasons such as the language barrier yet, for decades, non-Korean-speaking audiences have connected in meaningful ways to its songs, and Blackpink is no exception. “They have [tracks] that can make you sentimental, songs to boost your confidence, you can literally dance all your sadness away just listening to them,” says McElvin, while Sansi, an 18-year-old French Blink, describes their tracks via email as “a mix between sad and joyful. Blackpink puts so much love into everything they do, their energy and positive auras are so strong.”

It’s rare that the members aren’t busy, even when there isn’t a release to promote. They often turn to Instagram to communicate with their combined 128 million followers (including the main Blackpink account), and have focused on solidifying their A-list status as fashion icons (such as Jennie’s recent collaboration with luxury eyewear brand Gentle Monster), industry mentors and accidental viral queens (Lisa’s stint on survival show Youth With You and her performance video that became a Did it work? meme).

And finally, a year after their last record, the wait is almost over. There’s the forthcoming Lady Gaga collaboration, Sour Candy, on her album Chromatica, and a June comeback from the band itself. Blinks are ecstatic. “They never disappoint,” says Avril. “Their name is becoming bigger and bigger, and I couldn’t be more proud. They deserve it.” Undoubtedly the new material will be a success; there’s nowhere for the quartet to go except up.

The question might be, what exactly does this success look like? Could they eventually be the first K-pop girl group to break the west? The opportunity is there for the taking, but that means new successes must be capitalised upon and old strategies reexamined and refined. Now is the time for Blackpink to really be the revolution.

Blackpink will release a new album in June

“No one else wanted to be openly gay. So I stood up.” K-pop star Holland explains why he had to come out

K-pop band BTS reveal how their new album, Map of The Soul: 7, is deeply personal

How K-Pop took over the world in the 2010sBut it definitely has its own distinct features like short to medium-length songs written in basic format, repeated choruses, melodic tunes, hooks, etc. United States, United Kingdom, France, Australia, Canada are some of the countries that have their own pop music. Among all of them, Korean and Japan are also two of the remarkable names that are highly popular for their pop music. But which one is your favourite one? Is it Korean pop or Japanese pop?

Pop music is a genre of popular music which was originated in mid-1950s. The terms ‘popular music’ and ‘pop music’ are used interchangeably. Earlier, pop and rock were used to define the same genre of music till the 1960s. But now they are completely from each other. Often pop carries some elements of other music like Latin, rock, country, urban, etc.

Korean pop or K-pop is the popular music genre of South Korea. The modern formation of this music can be traced back to the early 90s. But the term became popular since the 2000s and it replaced another term Gayo, which means domestic pop music of South Korea. The modern form of K-pop music was made popular by one of the Korean pop groups named Seo Taiji and Boys in 1992. They experimented their music with different styles and genres of foreign musical elements to reshape the contemporary music of South Korea.

ALSO READ | BLACKPINK's collab on Sour Candy with Lady Gaga to be the K pop girl group’s biggest hit on the Billboard?

Then, the K-pop “Idol” culture became popular because of the boy band H.O.T in 1996. This term refers to the personality who is working in the K-pop industry as a part of a group or solo. Then in 2003, Korean pop started to become popular globally due to TVXQ and BoA. Some of the most popular K-pop bands are BTS, Blackpink, EXO, Red Velvet, GOT7, Big Bang, Seventeen, Mamamoo, TWICE, Tomorrow X Together, etc.

J-Pop or Japanese pop originated in Japan from the 1990s. Modern Japanese pop was evolved from the traditional Japanese music, but it was also influenced by 1960s pop and rock music of The Beatles and The Beach Boys. And this led to the formation of Japanese rock bands also like Happy End. This band made a fusion of rock and Japanese music in the early 1970s. Later, J-pop was also inspired by new wave and crossover fusion in the late 1970s with the bands of Yellow Magic Orchestra and Southern All Stars.

Then Eurobeat also inspired Namie Amuro’s music in the early 1990s. Then eventually, Japanese pop replaced Kayokyoku after the 1980s, which was a term for Japanese pop music used between 1920s and 1980s. Technopop, citypop, Shibuya-kei are some of the popular styles of J-Pop. Some of the most popular Japanese pop bands are BNK48, Official HIGE DANdism, JKT48, King Gnu, Nogizaka46, SixTONES, Mrs. Green Apple and others.

Personally, I like Korean pop music a lot especially BTS and TWICE. So, which one is your favourite? Let us know in the comments section below.It’s another bust for KPop in the US.

The second solo album from Suga, a member of Korean pop boyband BTS, fizzled on the US charts this week. “D2,” listed as a mixtape from Suga’s pen name Augst D, sold just 37,750 copies. It finished at number 9 for the week.

Min Yoon-gi is the real name of the 27 year old singer, who has two stage names. As usual with BTS and KPop, there’s a huge amount of hype and no real interest in America. Last Friday, “D2” debuted on iTunes at number 1, which is meaningless, and several of its singles dotted the top 50 in the iTunes singles chart.

But it was all suspect, as usual. The singles got no radio play, and no one knew what “D2” was. In short order, the whole thing fizzled. A week later there are no singles in the top 100 and the album is number 20.

This follows BTS, the main band, which is certainly popular in Korea, and in various countries, but really has no major following the US. Their most recent album, released April 2019, has sold 700,000 copies, with 400K of those actual sales and the rest streaming.

Here’s the single, “Daechwita,” which translates into “$$$$”:This week, some Joji fans were shocked to learn that musician George "Joji" Miller used to perform under the name "Filthy Frank" for about a decade. But it's not the secret identity that fans are taken aback by — it's the content that he produced as Filthy Frank or "Pink Guy." His YouTube channel , which has over seven million subscribers, features videos with extremely repugnant lyrics and show him doing obscene things like eating cake made of human hair. The channel seemingly hasn't been updated for two years.

How did fans find out about Joji's Filthy Frank identity?

Although many people actually knew about Joji's past, this all came to light when the hashtag #JojiIsOverParty started trending on Twitter. The movement seems to have been started by Twitter user jinsolbi, and then K-pop fans stoked the fire. Fans were shook when they learned that the "Gimme Love" singer was capable of such gross behavior, including using the "N" word in one of his Filthy Frank songs (which is very much not acceptable). Others mocked these fans for not knowing. This all resulted in a pretty ridiculous #JojiIsOverParty meme fest.

One fan pointed out that people are missing the point behind Filthy Frank, which was supposed to be a parody identity (similar to, say, Sacha Baron Cohen's Borat). They shared Filthy Frank's YouTube description, which states the following: "Filthy Frank is the embodiment of everything a person should not be. He is anti-PC, anti-social, and anti-couth. He behaves and reacts excessively to everything expressly to highlight the ridiculousness of racism, misogyny, legalism, injustice, ignorance and other social blights. He also sets an example to show how easy it is in the social media for any zany material to gain traction/followings by simply sharing unsavoury opinions and joking about topics many find offensive.There is no denying that the show is terribly offensive, but this terrible offensiveness is a deliberate and unapologetic parody of the whole social media machine and a reflection of the human microcosm that that social media is. OR MAYBE IM JUST F***ING RETARDED."

So...Is Joji legitimately offensive, or was he trying to prove out a social experiment that illustrates how platforms like YouTube turn a blind eye to offensive content if they get the ad revenue dollars? Fans are pretty divided. They also pointed out that jinsolbi, the person who started the Joji cancel gala, is super racist herself. Many Twitter users are coming to Joji's defense and saying this cancel party is beyond unnecessary.

Another day, another cancel party. Was this one worth it? You decide.When the coronavirus epidemic first struck South Korea, many expected the K-pop scene to take a major financial blow. Tours worldwide got postponed, long-awaited new music releases were delayed, showcases canceled. According to the Record Label Industry Association of Korea, a total of 211 concerts were canceled from February to April, accruing losses of almost 63.32 billion won ($51.6 million). 



But as in any crisis, artists and their labels found ways to adjust and not only came up with innovative ways to trudge through the hardships, but may even have found new sources of revenue. 



S.M. Entertainment teamed up with search engine Naver last month and launched a concert-streaming service called Beyond Live, advertising it as “the beginning of a new performance culture.” 





Though concerts had been livestreamed before -- one example is BTS’ Wembley show, made available to paying subscribers last year on Naver’s V Live -- Beyond Live goes beyond broadcasting offline concerts and provides concert content specifically optimized for the online environment. 



For instance, AR and 3D technologies allow holographic tigers to prance onstage or a holographic plane to fly overhead. Artists chat with their fans in real time between performances, while fans wave digital light sticks as they would in an arena. 



The two-hour premiere on April 26 featuring SuperM was enjoyed by 75,000 people across 109 countries, according to S.M. As each ticket costs 33,000 won, ticket sales are estimated to bring in 2.5 billion won. Considering that midsize stadiums can generally accommodate up to 10,000 people, virtual concerts with no such limitations have the potential to emerge as a new business model for entertainment companies. 



On Monday the firm added two more groups to the lineup, TVXQ and Super Junior. NCT 127, set to perform this Sunday, will use the livestreamed concert to premiere its songs “Punch” and “Make Your Day” from the band’s second full-length repackaged album, which won’t be released until Tuesday. 



“These livestream concerts were introduced due to the current virus outbreak, but I believe they will go on even after the epidemic dies down,” said Hwang Jeong-gi, head of entertainment agency JG Star Entertainment. 



“Bigger firms might develop their own platforms, whereas small or midsize companies can partner with existing or new livestream platforms. If you look at app stores, there are so many broadcast apps popping up these days. Since it’s not easy for artists to perform abroad, labels hope to reap benefits if they build a foundation early on to telecast domestic concerts for international fans.”





Big Hit Entertainment, home to the likes of BTS and TXT, may be the most social media-savvy K-pop label. While the firm smartly uses popular platforms such as Twitter, YouTube and TikTok, it also distributes exclusive content via its own membership-based platform, Weverse.



In March it launched a series of Korean language-learning videos, called “Learn Korean With BTS,” and this week it will put out a new documentary series titled “Break the Silence,” which looks back on BTS’ Love Yourself World Tour from 2018 and 2019. 



The highlight is “Bang Bang Con” series that started last month. To make up for the postponement of BTS’ Map of the Soul Tour, the label aired footage from the band’s past shows for free for two days on the BangtanTV YouTube channel. 



In addition, it announced Thursday the launch of an online live concert, “Bang Bang Con The Live” to be held on June 14 via pay-per-view on Weverse. Big Hit said it will offer a “mult-view BTS concert experience right in the home of each and every Army (the band's official fandom).”



The previous livestream attracted over 50 million viewers, with 2.24 million reportedly watching at its peak. Many fans lit up their virtual light sticks using Weverse to show their support, and expressed excitement about being able to spend the weekend with the band and others around the world in the BTS Army, even if it was only online. 



Despite several new and innovative experiments underway to fight the protracted uncertainties, many industry watchers are still skeptical about whether these virtual concerts can replace offline tours in the long run. 



“One of the critical factors for a concert is the atmosphere, especially for performance groups. But even with AR technology, I couldn’t feel a lot of real commotion. It didn’t feel much different from watching their music videos on YouTube,” said music critic Jung Min-jae. 



He predicted that virtual concerts and related new technologies would play a role in spicing up offline concerts once world tours resumed. 



“Perhaps bands can host the finale online or carry out livestreams with actual concerts to accommodate fans who can’t attend or cities they can’t visit.”



By Kwon Yae-rim (kyr@heraldcorp.com)As summer falls upon us, the K-pop industry is buzzing with several new comebacks, keeping fans heated with excitement!

After the jam-packed month of May, fans can expect to see similar pacing for releases in June. The second wave of artists will make their comeback following the quiet start of the year due to COVID-19.

With many beloved established artists and newer groups taking the lead, June will be a refreshing mix of new music.

TWICE begins this month with their highly anticipated return on June 1st with the mini-album, MORE & MORE. The group’s teasers evoke a more mature concept in comparison to their prior summer releases. The members have dreamy makeup and hair looks reminiscent of the ’70s, matched with flowy outfits and fun patterns.

Fans cannot wait to see what the leading girl group has in store for this summer release!

Only three months since their last album, VICTON are back once again on June 2nd with a mini-album titled, Mayday. After receiving momentous support from their fans, their agency revealed that the group planned to make a quick comeback as a gift for the incredible love fans showed them. Their teaser photos hint a moody and sensual concept.

Many will be looking forward to this comeback considering the group’s recent explosive success. They particularly caught fans’ eyes through their synergy and emotional expression, leading fans to wonder where they will take their music next.

Ha Sung Woon returns June 8th with mini-album Twilight Zone. The idol, known for his usually sweet charisma, is turning heads with his recent concept photos. Matching the mini-album’s title, Sung Woon’s teaser images portray a mysterious and dark aura.

Utilizing intense neon lighting and displaying contemplative gazes in the mirror, fans are excited to see the artist portray new charms in his newest release.

On June 8th Super Junior K.R.Y, consisting of members Kyuhyun, Ryeowook and Yesung, return with new music in their first mini-album When We Were Us. This release is significant for the trio, as it is their awaited comeback following their last single “Join Hands” which dropped back in 2015. Moreover, this will be K.R.Y’s first physical album following the sub-unit’s formation fourteen years ago.
• Super Junior K.R.Y. Gears Up To Release Their First Mini-Album “When We Were Us”

WJSN prepares to take their fans on a magical journey with their comeback release Neverland. The mini-album releases on June 9th. Their teasers so far promise a whimsical concept. Featuring light pastels, flowers, and woodland creatures, the group will transport their fans to a magical world this summer!

Globally loved boy group, WayV, additionally join the roster for June comebacks. The group will release their first regular album on June 9th, called Awaken The World. Known for their catchy and impactful releases such as tracks “Take Off” and “Moonwalk”, fans are on pins and needles awaiting the group’s new project.

Despite opting for a more minimal first teaser poster, fans are already rallying together in excitement for the boys’ return.
• WayV Gears Up For Their First Full Album Release “Awaken The World”

On June 10th, DIA will return with their 6th mini-album called Flower 4 Seasons. The soft concept photo featuring only a single flower has raised fans’ curiosity about what to expect from the group. Their last summer release, “WOOWA”, was a brighter retro-styled concept.

This comeback’s turn to a more delicate concept has many excited to see a different side to the girl group.

N.Flying are set to reveal their seventh mini-album on June 10th! Called, So, 通 (literal translation: Communication), this comeback marks their latest release since October. Additionally, fans are excited to hear their new sound as this will be the first Korean project in which the group’s new bassist, Seo Dongsung, will take part in.

N.Flying announced the news of their comeback with a teaser poster for the mini-album’s title track, “아 진짜요. (Oh really.)” The minimalist photo has many eager eyes looking forward to what the group has to offer with their newest release.
• N.Flying Revs Excitement For Return With New Mini-Album Announcement

IZ*ONE announced via their official fancafe that they are gearing up for a June release! The group plans to unveil their third mini-album on June 15th. The notice explained that members are in the concluding stages of their album production and are busy practicing choreography ahead of their exciting comeback.

Stray Kids had fans buzzing with the unveiling of the trailer for GO生, which will be the group’s first album release dropping on June 17th. Stray Kids rose excitement through the visual teaser released across the group’s official SNS platforms.

Featuring various sets such as a race track, a restaurant kitchen, and what looks like a science lab in the middle of a construction field, fans are looking forward to the mysterious release!

D1CE teases an ethereal comeback for their second mini-album, DRAW YOU: REMEMBER ME which will be released on June 17. The album features six tracks mixing instrumental tunes and songs highlighting members’ strong vocals. Fans can expect emotional yet soothing tracks from the boy group to add to their summer playlists!

Girl group, NATURE, plans to release their third mini-album titled NATURE WORLD: CODE M on June 17. Fans’ await the comeback excitedly as the music video teasers promise an intriguing and sinister title track.

CRAVITY bring summer in the sun to fans in their music video teasers for “Cloud 9”. Their newest release on June 17 is the visual accompaniment for b-side track which was included in their debut album Hideout: Remember Who We Are.

Giving a sweet surprise to fans, on June 8, Jung Seung Hwan announced his new single, “Whenever, Wherever” through various social media channels. Along with that the soloist also posted a scheduler revealing the comeback date.

Weki Meki will make their return on June 18th with their third mini-album called HIDE and SEEK. The group released a photo teaser on their official Twitter account, sparking fans’ interest. Showing a crystal chandelier with what looks like a bunny and fox mask on top of the fixture, Weki Meki incites curiosity regarding what they are preparing for this summer’s comeback.

Pledis Entertainment confirmed to various media outlets that SEVENTEEN are in the process of recording their new album, planned to release on June 22nd. This will be their latest album release since last September, which showed their turn towards a darker concept rather than their usual fresh and bright sound. Many fans are curious about what charms the group will show next.

Solo artist, Maddox makes his return this summer with his third single titled “Sleep” which is slated to release on June 22. Increasing fans’ excitement, he released concept photos featuring a sun-lit background and his contemplative gaze.

Woolim Entertainment confirmed to media outlets that Golden Child will return in June 23 with a new album, Take a Leap. According to their agency, the members have been devotedly preparing for their newest release. The group has been referred to as “the complete idol” package by Korean media after showcasing their impressive vocals and performances.

Many are anticipating the group’s comeback following their last release in January.

BLACKPINK’s company, YG Entertainment, released an exciting statement that the popular girl group will return in June with a pre-release single, “How You Like That” on the 26th. Their first full album is slated for a September release, and fans are eager to hear the first track off of the album this summer!

3YE makes their anticipated return on June 29 with their mini-album, TRIANGLE. The trio display femme fatale in their teaser photos for the album, summoning fans’ curiosity

 regarding the sound for their latest release.

After hinting a June comeback at the end of last month, Sunmi made an official announcement on her SNS accounts, confirming her musical return. Posting a concept photo for her new single, she basked in neon purple lighting. Her single, “pporappippam” which means “purple night”, will release June 29 at 6 PM KST.

MAMAMOO’s Hwasa is set to make another solo comeback on June 29 with her first mini-album called María, including six tracks. The teaser image, showing Hwasa’s glaring gaze and a snake wrapping around her face, brought on immense excitement for her latest bold project.

Cho Seung Youn will make his solo comeback as WOODZ this June 29 with his first mini-album titled EQUAL. With his talents not just as a performer but also a producer, expectations are raised for his wide range of musical activities in this album.

AB6IX was initially supposed to make their comeback on June 8 and had also released vibrant teasers. But due to an unfortunate incident, one of the members Lim Young Min had to depart from the group. With his departure, Lim Young Min also halted his group activities.

Later, Brand New Music announced the postponement of the comeback and stated that AB6IX will return as a four-member group with mini-album VIVID on June 29.

CIX excited their fans with a teaser photo of their newest mini-album, Hello, Strange Time which will release on June 30! This release is a continuation of their HELLO series which began at their debut in 2019. The group previously impressed with their fast rookie win with the song “Movie Star”, which occurred only a week after their debut.

Fans are eager to witness how the boys will grow in their latest edition of the HELLO mini-albums.

Lee Jin Hyuk announced his comeback plans, preparing his fans for the sweet delight he would be bringing. Recently, the artist released a colorful scheduler which revealed that the new mini-album, Splash! will be unveiled on June 30.

The colourful teasers piques curiosity among fans about the new content.

June 1 — TWICE returns with mini-album, MORE & MORE.

June 8 — Super Junior K.R.Y returns with mini-album, When We Were Us.

June 17 — D1CE returns with album, DRAW YOU: REMEMBER ME .

June 23 — Golden Child returns this month with album, Take a Leap.

June 26 — BLACKPINK returns with pre-release single, “How You Like That”.

Sources: Herald Pop | Yonhap News Agency | JYP Entertainment | Play M Entertainment | Star Crew Entertainment | Brand New Music | SM Entertainment | Starship Entertainment | MBK Entertainment | FNC Entertainment | Fantagio Entertainment | Pledis Entertainment | Star News | Off The Record Entertainment | Top Media | Yuehua Entertainment | KQ Entertainment | RBW Entertainment | GH Entertainment | Makeus Entertainment | C9 Entertainment | Antenna Music | OSEN

Images Credit To: JYP Entertainment | Play M Entertainment | Star Crew Entertainment | Brand New Music | SM Entertainment | Starship Entertainment | MBK Entertainment | FNC Entertainment | Fantagio Entertainment | Pledis Entertainment | Off The Record Entertainment | Woolim Entertainment | C9 EntertainmentIt’s taken just four years for Blackpink to become one of the biggest girl bands in the world, with members Jennie, Jisoo, Rosé, and Lisa continuing to smash new records and forge new ground. They were the first K-pop girl group to play at Coachella and to reach 1 billion YouTube views—now they’re the most-subscribed-to music group on the platform, and in 2019, they broke three Guinness World Records with the single “Kill This Love,” which has had more than 312 million plays on Spotify and over 824 million YouTube views, a mere fraction of the quartet’s billions of streams, downloads, views, and followers. That same year they also undertook the most financially successful concert tour by a Korean female group. They’re front-row fixtures at runway shows and the faces of mega brands, including Chanel, Puma, Louis Vuitton, and Dior. And all this with just a handful of songs in their repertoire.

Now, as they prepare to release their latest album in June, it may be time to ask: How on earth did they do it?

Excitement prior to Blackpink’s August 2016 debut had built to a fever pitch, as they were the first girl group in seven years out of YG Entertainment (home to K-pop legends Big Bang, 2NE1 and formerly, Psy). There were big shoes to fill: The reign of the trailblazing four-member girl group 2NE1 was over, and Blackpink was expected to revive the bold EDM pop sound they’d embodied. Their debut, Square One, was an overnight smash, the insistent build of “Whistle” and cocky chorus on “Boombayah” making for a short but thrilling introduction.

In November 2016, their second single album, Square Two, featured a pop banger (“Playing With Fire”), an acoustic version of “Whistle,” and “Stay,” a country-influenced track that allowed them to spread their vocal wings away from their “girl crush” concept (K-pop vernacular for a fiery look and sound that’s proved immensely popular with international audiences).

Though they were dubbed “the new 2NE1” during their rookie days, some of their first appearances on Korean variety shows bring into focus not only Blackpink’s chaotically entertaining presence but the determination to carve out their own identities. Vocalist Jisoo has become a face for beauty brands Kiss Me and Dior; rapper and vocalist Jennie has branched out as a soloist and a powerful influencer; New Zealand–born Rosé’s distinct vocal sound has seen her on hits for G-Dragon; and Thailand-born rapper and dancer Lisa is the most-followed K-pop star on Instagram.SEOUL -- Two prominent artists in South Korea's music scene, Rain and Zico, teamed up with the founder of K-pop band BTS to cultivate next-generation artists in a TV reality program that will go on air on June 26.Woo Ji-ho, better known by his stage name Zico, and Jung Ji-hoon, better known by his stage name Rain, will work together with Big Hit Entertainment chairman Bang Si-hyuk, the general produce of I-Land, a TV show to be jointly produced by Mnet, a K-pop cable channel run by CJ ENM, and Big Hit.The TV program combines the K-pop-focused production expertise of Mnet with the music producing experience of Big Hit to feature competition and partnership among K-pop star wannabes. It would be the first project by Belift Lab, a content media joint venture established by CJ ENM and Big Hit.CJ ENM said Zico would give realistic advice to competitors in the TV show as "an unrivaled solo artist leading the latest music trends and a hit song maker that always presents fresh and creative inspiration." The 27-year-old debuted as the leader of the boy band Block B in 2011 and went solo in 2018."Rain is a first-generation global K-pop artist with years of stage experience and unrivaled performance," CJ ENM said, adding the 37-year-old is expected to serve as a "decisive mentor." With his 2004 album, "It's Raining," Rain established himself as an international star. In 2008, Rain made his Hollywood debut in the film Speed Racer and starred in Ninja Assassin (2009).K-pop superstars BTS. The group’s label is launching a K-pop idol survival show, I-Land, next month to find K-pop’s next stars.Now a K-pop superstar known as the ‘nation’s sweetheart’, IU had to overcome numerous hardships on the way up – from relatives who mocked her dreams, through to 20 failed auditions before she found an agent
• Grimes recently said on Instagram that Gowon, a member of South Korean girl group Loona, is her child X Æ A-Xii's godmother.
• While it's unclear if Grimes was being serious, the two singers previously collaborated on the track "love4eva" in 2018.
• Loona fans were quick to pick up on the comment, quickly making memes about Gowon's new godmother status.

This weekend, Grimes gave another piece of crucial information about her and Elon Musk's child, who is now named X Æ A-Xii. In an Instagram comment, the "Miss Anthropocene" singer said that Gowon, a member of South Korean girl group Loona, is the child's godmother.

User @yaellsk asked Grimes, whose real name is Claire Boucher, in the comments of the singer's latest post if Gowon was the godmother of her baby, to which Grimes succinctly replied with, "yes." Two days after the exchange, Grimes' reply has over 6,700 likes.

While it's unclear if Grimes is serious about naming Gowon, whose real name is Park Chae-won, as X Æ A-Xii's godmother (Grimes has a history of trolling fans), it wouldn't be completely out of the blue. Grimes and Gowon previously collaborated together in 2018 on Loona/yyxy track "love4eva." Gowon is a member of South Korean girl group Loona, a 12 member group broken up into several sub-units including Loona/yyxy, of which Gowon is a member. While Grimes does not appear in the "love4eva" music video, she lends her voice to the song's intro.

Loona fans, known as Orbits, were quick to pick up on the Instagram comment and began to make memes congratulating Gowon on her godmother status.

Others pointed out how the godmother news felt similar to online hoaxes that originated in the Loona fandom. In Feb. 2019, a tweet spread (with over 185,000 likes) claiming that Loona members Yves and Chuu were "lesbian Korean billionaires" who had married and had a combined net worth of $170 billion. (That was a repeat of a similar 2017 viral tweet about "lesbian Chinese billionaires," which involved two Chinese members from Korean girl group Cosmic Girls). That's not to mention a semi-viral tweet from Feb. 2020 that claimed that Loona member Olivia Hye had recently become the richest esports athlete in the world.

It's worth noting that Loona and its fandom occupy a significant place in internet culture, particularly given the fact that the group and its music found its footing on gay Twitter through sultry pop hits like "Eclipse" and the ever-popular "stan Loona" meme. The group's music has soundtracked TikTok trends; its fans have broken iTunes chart records by streaming music. Orbits regularly allude to Gowon being friends with Nicki Minaj, taking over the rap industry, and feuding with Eminem. Given the meme culture surrounding her in particular, being Grimes' child's godmother doesn't feel like too much of a stretch.

Insider has reached out to Grimes and Blockberry Creative, Loona's label, for comment.
• A mysterious fake K-pop girl group fooled fans for days, and this isn't the first time it's happened
• K-pop groups are providing immersive virtual concerts for fans in quarantine, including AR golden dragons and big-display live cheering sections
• 2 TikTokers incited rage from K-pop fans after they posted a dance challenge inspired by 'Dumhdurum' with no credit
• Celebrities like Dolly Parton are using a K-pop idol's 'sexy legs' in the latest meme taking over the internetSouth Korea has taken the world by storm with its phenomenal music, energetic choreography, and beautiful and handsome singers. The fans call it K-pop, meaning Korean Pop or Hallyu which means the Korean wave.

South Korean has made its place in the hearts of many with the ever-growing and evolving dramas, Netflix films, Korean skincare, Korean food, clothing, and the most crucial of all, rhythmic songs that would make your heart race and your body groove. Not to mention, in the midst of that, BTS who is also known as Bangtan Boys popped out of nowhere and claimed their throne as the kings of K-pop. You may know PSY, CL, or even SuperM but now, it's time to know BTS on a deeper level.

Related: Kpop Boy Group SuperM Will Be Joining Lady Gaga's At Home Concert

BTS is a group of seven charming and charismatic boys who work under the South Korean company BigHit. Each member is given a position in the group such as rapper, main vocal, sub-vocal, and dancer. Starting from the oldest to the youngest order, first comes Jin, 27, then Suga, 27, J-Hope, 26, Rap Monster, 25, Jimin, 24, V, 24, and the youngest of all who is also called 'Maknae' is Jungkook, 22.

The members don't recognize themselves as friends but as close brothers or even family since they have been together since the formation of the group which was in 2010. They support each other through their ups and downs and no matter what, they never leave each other's side.

BTS debuted in 2013 with their single album 2 Cool 4 Skool. However, prior to their debut, they earned exposure through various social media sites, including YouTube and SoundCloud.

Their music videos and songs are powerful, meaningful, and filled with various emotions. BTS is often praised for its hardcore choreography and influential lyrics.

Although their album sold over 145,000 copies, their lead single No More Dream wasn't a major hit. BTS then released another single titled We Are Bulletproof PT. 2 but that too didn't hit the charts.

In 2013, BTS released a second part to their School Trilogy titled O!RUL8,2? with a single song called N.O and it eventually shot at number 92 in Korea. In 2014, their third part of School trilogy was released, and eventually, it peaked at number 3 on Billboard's World Album Charts.

Soon after, BTS released many music videos that were either a hit or just famously recognized in South Korea. In 2016, BTS released the track Blood Sweat & Tears which was yet again at Billboard's World Album Chart, World Digital Songs Chart, and Social 50 Chart. The music video of Blood Sweat & Tears gained over 6 million views within a 24-hour span.

According to Aceshowbiz, they kept on climbing the ladder of success but it wasn't until 2017 that BTS became well-known not only in the U.S, but in other countries as well. The South Korean group had won the Top Social Artist Award at the Billboard Music Awards knocking Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez.

In fact, Jimmy Fallon himself introduced the band as 'the biggest boy band on the planet' on The Tonight Show, and he wasn't wrong. BTS won many awards; from Mnet Asian Music Awards, Seoul Music Awards to Golden Disk, and Artist of the Year awards.

The Conversation reports that in 2018, BTS also addressed the UN Assembly to launch a campaign to encourage young people to speak up about bullying and abuse. The group's songs and influence have reached not only the U.S market, but the East Asian and European markets as well. The band's third official album titled Love Yourself: Tear topped Billboard 200, evidently making them the first K-pop to snatch number one in the U.S. and the highest-charting album by an Asian act to date. BTS also appeared in Jimmy Kimmel Live (2017) and the Ellen DeGeneres Show (2018)

BTS also collaborated with celebrities such as DJ Steve Aoki, Halsey, Nicki Minaj, Chainsmokers, Charli XCX, and Swedish singer Zara Larsson.

Related: 15 Things Fans Should Know About CL: The K-Pop Star Dubbed; More Influential Than Beyonce

Of course, we can't compare BTS to other K-pop groups as each group has its own specialty: be it in dancing, singing, or making dynamic and stunning music videos, but we can say that BTS is the epitome of different.

The group which is managed by BigHit company is allegedly given free will to contribute their creativeness according to how the band would like it, unlike other K-pop groups who have a hard time choosing their preferences.

Additionally, according to Forbes, BTS became Asian's highest-earning band before taxes on the Forbes Celebrity 100. The band's Love Yourself World Tour which went on for 8 months reportedly earned BigHit $196 million.

Are You An Army Yet?

Every celebrity has his or her own fan names such as Beliebers, Selenators, and Lovatics. BTS has just the right name for its fans as well. Their fandom name is called ARMY which means 'Adorable Representative MC for Youth.' It was a term chosen by the band's managers but the fans went along and encouraged the name anyway.

In BTS concerts that are filled with liveliness, passion, and enthusiasm, the ARMY's all get along with their light sticks, and they dance and sing along with their beloved group to show their love and infinite support for the group. Some of the ARMY's even go a long way to promote the band by selling their merchandise and aiding the group's popularity by promoting their album incessantly. In fact, the fun part is the fan chants where you can hear each of the member's names in a short period of time when there is either a dance or a rhythm break.

Of course, there are a lot more K-pop groups that are known in the US, such as Super Junior, Girls Generation, EXO, and Seventeen but BTS has still stolen the spotlight, being the first Asian group to ever get such huge recognition.

Next: BTS Member Suga Hints Of A New Album, And Fans Are Totally ExcitedNew Delhi, May 23 (IANSlife) Cheering up all K-pop fans, Korean Cultural Centre India, the culural wing of the Embassy of the Republic of Korea, has announced the virtual opening of this year''s K-Pop Contest, a pan-India talent hunt for the popular cultural genre.

"There is no doubt that K-Pop has reached staggering heights of popularity in India. The youngsters of India are also inclined towards the Korean language, K-Drama, and also Korean Cuisine. K-Pop has become a phenomenon among the young generation and they enjoy together by establishing fan clubs in major cities of India and play a significant role in K-Pop contest as well," Mr Kim Kum-pyoung, Director, KCC India told IANSlife over email.

Last year, the annual contest that began in 2012, saw the highest number of participants - 3,475 participants in 1,952 teams. The competition is for Indian nationals who love K-Pop, Korean pop music, a genre that has boomed in popularity worldwide. One of the most notable K-Pop songs in India has been ''Gangnam Style''. Recently, there were several paid K-Pop concerts held in India for the first time, which opened the opportunity of having concerts of big K-Pop stars.

The Centre is conducting the contest''s first and second round online with single person entry only. Participants can post their performance video on YouTube, and register at www.kpopindia.com June 15 for Round 1.

According to the organisers, the regional round will be held online with performance videos of the selected winners from the first round in these 18 cities of Ahmedabad, Aizawl, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Chennai, Dehradun, Delhi, Guntur, Hyderabad, Imphal, Itanagar, Kohima, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, Nagpur, Patna, and Pune.

"This year as a precautionary measure for the COVID-19 pandemic, we will hold regional round online with 18 cities, in cooperation with the fan clubs. Although it is sad that we cannot allow group entry this time, but only single person entry to ensure the safety of participants by adhering to social distancing rules, we are still hopeful for a greater number of participation and enthusiasm of K-Pop fans," the spokesperson said.

Disclaimer :- This story has not been edited by Outlook staff and is auto-generated from news agency feeds. Source: IANSAny K-drama experience isn't complete without its signature OST! The way the OST perfectly enters a scene in drama can make or break a lot of its crucial moments—and no, OSTs don't have to be ballads to enhance a scene.

With that in mind, not a lot of people know it, but a bunch of our favorite K-drama OSTs were actually sung by K-pop idols. There's actually a lot, but we can't list them all! So here's a quick list of some of our favorites:

1. "Stand By Me" by SHINee (Boys Over Flowers)

Let's start off strong with one of the most famous OSTs and K-dramas out there. "Stand By Me" by SHINee has the power to bring you back to the good old days where Geum Jan Di had Gu Jun Pyo wrapped all around her finger without her even knowing it and meaning to!

2. "Everytime" by EXO's Chen ft. Punch (Descendants Of The Sun)

We don't mean to rub salt on open wounds, but this list wouldn't be complete without Descendants Of The Sun's "Everytime" by Punch and EXO vocalist Chen! The moment Punch belts out the first few words, we're transported back to the meaningful looks between Song Hye Kyo and Song Joong Ki. (Huhuhu)

3. "Stay With Me" by EXO's Chanyeol ft. Punch (Goblin)

2016 was clearly a great year for K-dramas as we were also given Goblin and its just-as-heart-wrenching (you know what I mean) OST "Stay With Me" by EXO's rapper Chanyeol and, once again, solo artist Punch.

4. "Double Trouble Couple" by MAMAMOO (Strong Woman Do Bong Soon)

Let's take a break from heartbreak, shall we? K-pop vocal powerhouse MAMAMOO performs with the right amount of romantic, strong, and adorable vocals that'll make you giggle as you remember the adorable antics of Park Bo Young and Park Hyung Sik (who is also a member of the group ZE:A).

5. "Even If I Die, It's You" by BTS' V and Jin (Hwarang)

Apart from being one of the Hwarangs in the story, Kim Taehyung aka V (who played Suk Han Sung) and his bandmate from BTS, Jin, sing about wanting to keep someone in your life so desperately in a contrastingly upbeat melody.

6. "Take" by JUS2 (He Is Psychometric)

Who can forget Shin Ye Eun's performance as Yoon Jae In and her chemistry with Park Jin Young (Lee Ahn) from K-pop boy group GOT7? Not to mention how his bandmates' sub-unit JUS2 (composed of GOT7's JB and Yugyeom) performed the drama's OST, "Take", with so much emotion that gave the show as much romance as it had suspense.

7. "All With You" by Girls' Generation's Taeyeon (Scarlet Heart Ryeo)

Did you really think we were done with heartbreaks? Any OST from Scarlet Heart Ryeo can reduce us all into a puddle of tears, and one of them was performed by Girls' Generation leader Kim Taeyeon.

8. "All About You" by Girls' Generation's Taeyeon (Hotel Del Luna)

If you can't get enough of Taeyeon's vocals and feel like you've heard it somewhere else, then you're right! She also sang Hotel Del Luna's OST "All About You" setting the mood for the drama (I mean, does IU always have to break our heart? Not complaining though, she was great here, too.)

One of the newest on our list, Hwa Sa's sultry voice perfectly fits The King: Eternal Monarch's intense storyline, making it perfect as Lee Min Ho's comeback to the small screen and Kim Go Eun's always noteworthy performance!

Wow, if you go through all of these songs in one sitting, it's actually quite of a rollercoaster ride! Which K-drama OST makes you want to watch a whole series all over again?Humpday this week brought us three magnificent things — early morning showers, cool weather, and a ridiculous saga brewing in the local Twitterscape.

Trending on the Twitter charts today (May 20) is an attempt to 'cancel' national broadsheet The Straits Times in a hashtag dubbed #straitstimesisoverparty.

As it turned out, K-pop fans were just mad at the publication for reporting a scandal that involved South Korean celebrities breaching social distancing rules. For transparency purposes, AsiaOne carried an article about the incident too but as far as we know, K-pop fans have yet to 'cancel' us on Twitter.

The maligned article itself is a pretty straightforward read with no commentary involved. Four famous South Korean men from various K-pop groups were spotted hanging out together in the nightlife district of Itaewon despite safe distancing being strongly advised in the coronavirus hotspot. Because of, you know, a deadly global pandemic and all.

A new cluster of virus cases emerged in that neighbourhood this month as social distancing measures eased on May 6, prompting authorities to delay school reopening and close bars and clubs again. Local media reported three other boy-band members were with BTS' Jungkook during that outing, including Cha Eun-woo of Astro, Mingyu of Seventeen and Jaehyun of NCT.

NCT's Jaehyun has since written an open letter of apology over his actions, which the ST report included.

This apparently justified a smear campaign against the paper and the people behind it seem to be militant K-pop stans who can’t stand to see their idols criticised in any shape or form. The article’s writer was swiftly identified as a Straits Times intern, and she too became the target for online animosity.

With the hashtag gaining traction on Twitter, other folks tried to figure out what’s going on. And when they found out what it really was, hoo, did they have Strong Opinions on the whims of some K-pop fans.Big Hit Entertainment has become the biggest shareholder of its smaller rival Pledis Entertainment, the company said Monday. 



The acquisition is the latest in a series of moves to expand Big Hit’s presence in the burgeoning K-pop industry. Last year alone, the firm acquired Source Music, the music label for girl band GFriend, and game music company Superb. 



With the addition of Pledis, the firm now boasts an extensive roster of artists under its roof in a multi-label system, bringing some of the biggest male acts in K-pop -- BTS, TXT, Seventeen and NU’EST -- all together.



“Big Hit and Pledis will be on the same page musically, grow together and create a synergy on a massive level,” Bang Si-hyuk, Big Hit’s chairman and chief producer, said in a statement. 



Pledis CEO Han Sung-soo said: “I’m excited to work with Big Hit, which is leading South Korea’s entertainment industry. We want to create better content and bigger success of our artists for fans.”



There had been speculation about the possibility of a tie-up between the two firms since March, when Seventeen became the first non-Big Hit group to join the company’s fan community platform Weverse.



Under the new ownership, no immediate change is expected in Pledis’ management. But it is likely that Bang will participate in the production of its artists’ music, considering his work on GFriend’s latest album. 



More details about the deal, including the price and shareholding structure, were not revealed. 



Big Hit is pouring resources into diversifying its business model, possibly seeking a higher valuation ahead of a planned stock debut later this year. Estimates of the firm’s value range from 3 trillion to 6 trillion won ($2.4 billion to $4.8 billion).



In a recent report, eBest Investment and Securities predicted that the acquisition of Pledis could see Big Hit’s dependence on BTS fall from the current 90 percent to 75 percent. 



Last year, Big Hit posted an operating profit of 98.7 billion won, outpacing the nation’s big three listed agencies -- JYP, S.M. and YG. 



Early this month, Big Hit shareholders named Bang, the mastermind behind BTS, chairman to allow him greater control and responsibility. He is also the largest shareholder, with a 45.1 percent stake, followed by mobile game maker Netmarble with 25.1 percent. 







By Yim Hyun-su (hyunsu@heraldcorp.com)K-pop girl group Blackpink’s “Kill This Love” world tour drew around 260,000 concertgoers and got more new female fans interested in the band.From the far-away land of South Korea comes a musical phenomenon that has now become the biggest cultural wave of the past five years: Korean pop music, also known as K-pop.

With the rise to global fame of artists such as BTS, BLACKPINK, NCT and TWICE, it is safe to say that K-pop has now taken over the world, with millions of fans from all over the globe tuning in to listen to their favorite Korean titans. This globalization of K-pop was an extremely positive occurrence, drastically boosting Asian representation in the media and allowing people from rather small countries to discover and contact new and diverse cultures. Yet, K-pop becoming mainstream for sure has its many downsides, which are particularly apparent once you enter the world of K-pop stan twitter.

Twitter has been known since the first appearance of the ‘blue bird’ for being a pretty abrupt and cruel place on the Internet. However, current K-pop fans have managed to take its toxicity to a whole new level, turning it into what can only be described as a battlefield. The music industry has always been some kind of never-ending popularity contest, but nowadays the competition has gotten tougher, dirtier and in a way more confusing.

Ever since international (i.e. not Korean) fans got involved, K-pop has basically turned into a race of who has the highest number of sales, who has more views on YouTube, who has the most streams on Spotify, and, ironically, disregarding the actual quality of the artists’ content. Nowadays, fans seem to believe that if they stan the most successful group out there, that automatically makes them better than anyone else.

You may think that this habit of ‘basking in reflected glory’ has always been perceived as a common denominator amongst fanbases. However, nowadays the situation has escalated dramatically, as people seem to be more emotionally involved with their chosen artist’s career than ever, creating a parasocial bond with them that is progressively spiraling into toxicity. Some fans appear to consider their faves’ accomplishments as if they were their own, feeling almost a sense of ownership over their successes and achievements, but especially over their struggles.

All K-pop idols have had to go through massive hardships – considering how cut-throat the K-pop training system is – and surely no one had their debut handed to them on a silver plate. Unfortunately, this knowledge does not stop millions of people from having heated discussions over it on Twitter every day.

What is even more absurd is realizing that the vast majority of those arguing are international fans who have never had to go through a single day as a K-pop idol trainee, and surely cannot even imagine the hardship behind the climb to stardom. I really doubt that Becky from Oklahoma knows what or how it’s like to become an idol, no matter how loud she wants to argue on social media. And this is not the only ridiculous and borderline idiotic topic fans argue over.

The hottest ongoing debate on Twitter right now seems to be the discussion over who is the best idol – not the best in terms of talent, but in terms of ethics – the most woke. As western society has gotten increasingly aware of cultural diversity in the past five years, celebrities of all kinds are under a scrutinizing microscope now more than ever, especially regarding their moral conduct. Nowadays, people (rightfully so!) don’t get a pass anymore when they say culturally ignorant comments, instead, they will have to face backlash from their fanbase. However, when international fans became interested in K-pop and obviously applied this same mindset of holding people accountable for their ignorance of the new music community, things got a little bit dicey.

Even though everyone seems to be woke right now, there is still a lot of ignorance around the world, especially in smaller countries where the majority of the population does not speak English – countries like K-pop’s very own. South Korea.

A large cultural awakening can be achieved primarily by coming in contact with Western users of social media, whose main language is English. Therefore, if you are not a fluent English speaker, it can be hard to fully grasp the seriousness of these complex ethical topics. Therefore, it should not come as a surprise that issues such as Cultural Appropriation (CA) are the focus of a lot of debates right now on K-pop Twitter, as many idols still commit these mistakes. Nevertheless, the way it is being discussed by Twitter users is somewhat… odd.

The majority of international fans don’t seem to actually care about CA, as they conveniently only use it as a cheap escamotage so they can cancel a certain artist who rubs them in the wrong way. Yet, they don’t find CA offensive if their favorite idol does it. This selective outrage is contributing to the increasing and stifling hypocrisy that is now dominating K-pop stan Twitter, creating such a toxic environment that it is, for many, ruining an experience that should just be funny and entertaining.

Music liberates artists by allowing them to express themselves freely, so the community they create should be a positive place that brings only joy to the fans. Yet, it has stopped being enjoyable and has turned into a real, nasty battle. Now, people are just pointing fingers and throwing accusations and insults, just so that their favorite idol can climb to the top. An idol who – if I may state the obvious – does not even know who these fans are, and surely would not be happy if they found out about the awful things said in their name.

At the end of the day, K-pop Twitter fans need to realize that discrediting an artist’s work behind a phone screen won’t do anything but waste their time and money, and being a fan of someone rather than someone else’s makes you neither better nor worse. Let’s face it, we all like K-pop – we’re all losers here.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Broadcast date: May 27-28

 Starring: Twice, The Boyz, Super Junior, BTS

 



Nayeon of Twice went live on her way home, sharing her enthusiasm about the pending release of new music from the band.“I thought I was almost there, about 10 minutes away, but found out that it would take 50 minutes. So I turned on the V Live,” she said.After checking the date and the day of the week, she happily reminded fans that there were only four days left to wait for the new music.“We’ve been preparing since way before, since April, and it feels odd,” confided the idol.Everything will be revealed June 1, she went on in response to fans’ messages, suggesting that the fans shower, go to bed and wait for some hints later that night.Nayeon asked fans how they liked the teaser trailer for the music video and told them she and her bandmates still were not satisfied with it, even after shooting it, and were perfecting the choreography. The choreography is physically demanding and hard to master, she admitted.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/193506.Sunwoo of The Boyz chatted with fans for almost two hours while sitting in a parked car.“Some of the bandmates have dropped by (on V Live), New and Eric ... I found some time so here I am, too,” he said, showing off his new dark purple hair.He tried to tell New that he was livestreaming. New’s costume was caught on camera for a second, but he closed the door on his bandmate.“He’s not listening. ... New is sulking. I don’t know why but he sometimes does and you just have to leave him alone,” said Sunwoo, munching on a sandwich.He confided that he was supposed to take a nap and rest in the car but he’d slept well the night before and wanted to communicate with fans.“Yes, I’m asking you to commend me,” said the performer, cupping his hand around his ear expectantly.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/193501.The bandmates of Super Junior played a game where they had to figure out who the “liars” were.While Shindong tried to explain the rules, Kyuhyun took a phone call. Puzzled, Donghae pointed out that the youngest band member was talking on the phone while on camera.But when Kyuhyun hung up and told everyone that the call was about the food they’d ordered -- seaweed rolls with cheese -- everyone chuckled and agreed that it was important.With Shindong as the host, the six members began playing the game. For each round, two artists would have to pretend to know the answer. As soon as they unfolded their small pieces of paper and learned their fates, the veteran idols looked at each other trying to read faces.Siwon and Eunhyuk suspected that Donghae was one of the liars, but Donghae told them he was always awkward. Kyuhyun looked at Yesung doubtfully, and Leeteuk asked Kyuhyun why he was shaking his legs.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/190838.Kpop Herald reporters Yim Hyun-su and Kwon Yae-rim gave BTS fans an up-close look at the band’s collaboration with Korean casualwear brand System the day the merchandise hit the stores.The 25-piece collection ranges from socks to hats and was inspired by “Blood, Sweat and Tears,” explained Kwon, adding that the song happened to be her personal favorite.The line features not only the song lyrics but quotes from Herman Hesse’s “Demian,” which inspired it. The message is not “in your face” but subtle, Yim said.The two walked around the store, zooming in on socks in fluorescent colors and picking out T-shirts with Hesse quotes -- in German and English -- on the back. Although the line includes both menswear and womenswear, the designs and sizes are rather gender fluid, commented Kwon as she tried on a black T-shirt.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/193264.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=As much as POTUS would like to believe his leaving Twitter would somehow gravely hurt the platform, let’s get one thing straight: There is no more powerful force on social media than K-pop Stans. Case in point, the fans rallied on Sunday to take down the Dallas Police Department’s iWatch app by flooding it with FanCam footage.

Okay, there’s probably a few phrases that need explaining in there. On Sunday, DPD directed residents to send in video of “illegal activity from the protests” surrounding George Floyd’s murder via their iWatch Dallas application. Essentially, they were asking folks to snitch on each other, despite police forces’ long-known habit of shielding their own members from repercussions.



Well, K-pop fans weren’t having it. The Internet’s staunchest Stans have been expressing their support for Black Lives Matter protestors in various ways, and Twitter user @ngelwy took it upon themselves to shut down Dallas’ app. He sent out the call for other Stans to download the app and flood it with FanCams (footage of K-pop performances honed in on a single member of a group). It apparently worked, as some hours later the DPD tweeted, “Due to technical difficulties iWatch Dallas app will be down temporarily.”

Pwned. (Do we still use that phrase? Probably not, huh?)

@ngelwy has since urged the digital army to delete the iWatch Dallas app for fear that it will give the Dallas Police users’ personal information. Even so, you have to be impressed with that level of peaceful protest mobilization. If there are some progressive politicians in need of a new social media strategist, maybe there’s a candidate market here worth exploring.KPOP the musical made its Broadway debut after receiving raving reviews from its first performances at the off-Broadway Ars Nova theatre, located in Hell’s Kitchen New York City. The show performed for the first time in September, 2017 and was created by a number of artists who have little to no experience working on any production for The Great White Way. Even though the production team may lack Broadway exposure, the musical was written by the South Korean film writer and director Jason Kim. Some NYC based theatre companies, the Woodshed Collective and the Ma-Yi Theater Company helped out in their respective fields. Music and lyrics for this show were written and designed both by Helen Park and Max Vernon. Vernon has worked on previous Off-Broadway shows, like The View UpStairs, and has been described as an equal mix of “bohemia and Broadway”. Teddy Bergman is the director of KPOP and he is the only person who has worked on any Broadway show before, as.Bergman previously performed in the Peter and the Starcatcher, which performed at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre throughout 2012, in the supporting role of Fighting Prawn.



KPOP was in its production phase during the 2020 Coronavirus pandemic and was the first Broadway show to host its casting auditions virtually, through online video calls.Anak Agung Ayu Puspa Aditya Karang, better known as Dita, has seen her popularity rise since joining the five-member South Korean girl group Secret Number. Dance and K-pop are indeed an inseparable part of her life.

Born and raised in Yogyakarta and of Balinese descent, Dita has been interested in K-pop since junior high school and participated in numerous K-pop cover dances since then. She later flew to the United States to pursue a career as a performer by enrolling in the American Musical and Dramatic Academy’s (AMDA) dance theater program.

Dita quickly joined K-pop dance studios and went on to audition for South Korean entertainment agency VINE Entertainment. “At first they just said that they were interested in me, so after a few months I really geared up and traveled to Seoul alone for the first time to join 1MILLION Dance classes and get my second chance [to join] the company,” Dita told The Jakarta Post via email.

Cofounded by renowned choreographer Lia Kim, 1MILLION Dance school's instructors are known to have choreographed dances for K-pop boy bands and girl bands.

“Through a friend of mine [who works for] a K-pop dance studio in New York, I managed to secure another audition and was finally selected,” Dita said. “After two years of training and learning Korean, I finally debuted with SECRET NUMBER.”

Dita, who went to Yogyakarta's Stella Duce 1 senior high school, said training as a member of SECRET NUMBER was “very challenging in a different way”.

“When I first got to Korea, the only thing on my mind was learning its language, culture, dance style and singing. It was more on the happiness side compared to the challenging side. However, after a while, I began to wonder if the path that I had chosen was right. [But] I knew that I was fully supported by my family and friends, so I didn’t want to disappoint them for choosing it.”

It was a successful attempt as she has been appointed the group’s main dancer and lead vocalist.

Jason Park, VINE Entertainment's music business division director, said Dita was able to quickly adapt to her surroundings and learn the language upon her arrival in Korea. “Through her lessons, her already embedded skill set has greatly increased, which led the company to see her as a potential lead vocalist. She doesn’t only have a unique vocal tone; she also has her own style, which greatly contributes to the group’s songs."

Dita says she strives to explore and learn more about K-pop dancing, make appearances on reality shows and collaborate with other K-pop dancers.

According to VINE Entertainment, it took two years to find and recruit the right members for Secret Number. After Léa, Dita, Jinny, Soodam and Denise were discovered, they trained together for more than a year before finally releasing debut single "Who Dis?" on May 19.

The single was composed and produced by Melanie Fontana, who has wrote songs for Justin Bieber, Dua Lipa, Sia, Halsey and The Chainsmokers; Michel “Lindgren” Shulz; Shark and A Wright. The rap, however, was written by one of the group’s members, Jinny.

K-Pop girlband Secret Number consists of (from left to right) Lea, Soodam, Jinny, Dita and Denise. (VINE Entertainment/File)

At the time of writing, the “Who Dis?” music video has been viewed more than 8.6 million times on YouTube.

However, even prior to the band’s debut, the group began attracting attention from netizens, especially Indonesians. Many of them could be found leaving supportive comments on their Instagram accounts.

“It still feels surreal! The amount of love that I’ve received from Indonesian fans is crazy,” Dita said. “I’m really truly grateful that we have such supportive fans around the world, including in Indonesia. And since it’s my home country, it’s one of my biggest wishes to perform here.”

Denise said Indonesia was among the top places for the band’s tour. “We’ve also been trying to learn a bit of Indonesian, so that we can further communicate with you. So please continue to show us your love and support, so that we can visit soon."

For those who are interested in following Dita's footsteps in the K-pop industry, she advised, “Just be true to yourself; if you find yourself really wanting to do it, it’s possible. Everything is possible as long as you never give up.” (kes)Please enable JS and disable any ad blockerAmid a stir across the U.S. over the “George Floyd” incident that killed white police abuses, similar cases of abuse of public power have been revealed in Mexico, sparking public outrage.

The daily El Universal has been protesting against the incident since it was belatedly revealed that construction worker Giovanni Lopez died the next day after being arrested by police in Guadalajara, western Mexico, on April 4.

The official reason for the arrest revealed by the police is not known, but the video footage posted on social media at the time of the arrest suggests that the reason is “not wearing a mask.”

On May 25, 2020, George Floyd, a 46-year-old black man, died in Minneapolis, Minnesota, after Derek Chauvin, a white police officer, knelt on Floyd’s neck for almost nine minutes while Floyd was handcuffed face down in the streetOne of the best things about K-dramas is the OSTs. The role of soundtracks is as crucial as the script lines and actors’ performance, since the music sets the tone for the scene and brings the emotions to life. The bonus part is when these mesmerizing melodies are performed by K-pop idols who have lent their voices to many dramas throughout the years.

Since it’s literally impossible to feature all of the previous K-drama OSTs that have been released so far, here is a sample of some amazing tracks idols have graced us with to date.

1. SHINee – “Stand By Me” (from “Boys Over Flowers”)

This beautiful rendition by SHINee takes us on a journey of coming to terms with one’s feelings. The quintet sings about taking a loved one’s hand and guiding them to chase away the shyness and learn about the concept of love.

Catch the first episode of “Boys Over Flowers“:

Changmin pours his emotions into this recent take of “Moment,” alongside fellow member Lee Hyun, that shows love in all its aspects. Many definitions of this powerful feeling are mentioned throughout the lyrics, showing how it both encapsulates and transcends all situations.

Catch the first episode of “Heirs“:

3. EXO’s Chen ft. Punch – “Everytime” (from “Descendants of the Sun”)

Chen pairs up with Punch in this duet as they both mesmerize us with their harmonizing voices. The lyrics reflect the beauty of falling in love and only having eyes for one’s significant other, as well as wishing to keep them safe and close at all times.

Catch the first episode of “Descendants Of The Sun“:

Here’s another Punch X EXO member duet that is one of the most popular K-drama OSTs out there. Using his raspy singing voice, Chanyeol sings about crossing paths with one’s soulmate and experiencing a roller coaster of emotions in an attempt to find out whether they’re destined for each other.

Catch the first episode of “Goblin“:

5. gugudan’s Kim Sejeong – “If Only” (from “The Legend of the Blue Sea”)

Kim Sejeong’s sweet voice is perfect in this song about having someone whose existence heavily impacts one’s life. This song might make you think about taking a step forward and starting a relationship that commemorates the moments that were before and those that will come later on.

Catch the first episode of “The Legend of the Blue Sea“:

The queens of hypnotizing vocals have a thing or two to say about the pre-confession critical phase. From the early stages where two people are slowly getting to know each other to the moment where attraction between them becomes imminent, confusion finds its way momentarily before the heartwarming confession stage finally takes place.

Catch the first episode of “Strong Woman Do Bong Soon“:

7. BTS’s Jin and V – “Even If I Die, It’s You” (from “Hwarang”)

Jin and V released their first-ever K-drama OST, and it was definitely worth the hype! With a light and cheerful vibe, the duo sings about how it feels to lose someone and doing whatever it takes to win them back.

Catch the first episode of “Hwarang“:

JB and Yugyeom participated in their fellow member Jinyoung’s K-drama as OST artists, and it’s fair to say that they delivered! This dreamy tune tackles the hesitation one gets trapped in when they find themselves in the midst of a surge of emotions.

Catch the first episode of “He Is Psychometric“:

9. Henry – “It’s You” (from “While You Were Sleeping”)

This mellow soundtrack by Henry is the perfect depiction of a love confession. He carefully describes the steps that lead to developing feelings for someone, from the little details that make one’s heart flutter to the ultimate realization that they’ve found the right person.

Catch the first episode of “While You Were Sleeping“:

Stray Kids beautifully sings of first encounters and all the little details that usually lead a couple to fall in love. From making promises to cherish and protect to constantly being there for one another, all those sweet memories make up an endless love story.

Catch the first episode of “Extraordinary You“:

With her sweet voice combining well with this soothing melody, Chungha goes into the depths of missing a loved one through this song. Being there for a person at all times is one way to show your love and commitment to the relationship, especially in an effort to make amends for being distant before.

Catch the first episode of “Hotel Del Luna“:

Which K-drama OST from the list above is your favorite? Let us know in the comments below!With British, Spanish and Korean members, the UK band has people everywhere divided on what it means to be a K-pop group.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Representatives of BTS’ Jungkook, Jaehyun of NCT, Mingyu of Seventeen and Cha Eun-woo of Astro have apologised for the failure of the K-pop stars to comply with social distancing after they visited Itaewon in April.Big Hit Entertainment, one of the largest music labels in South Korea and home to K-pop darlings BTS, has been preparing to go public on the nation’s main Kospi bourse this year on the back of the boy band’s worldwide popularity. 



The K-pop band’s latest album, “Map of the Soul: 7,” sold 422,000 album equivalent units in the first week since its release in February, topping the Billboard 200 chart for the fourth time. The K-pop kings recently performed an online concert called “Bang Bang Con,” attracting more than 50 million BTS fans, referred to as its “Army.” It was organized after their offline concerts in Korea and the North American region had been called off early this year due to the ongoing novel coronavirus crisis.



Reflecting the boy band’s astonishing achievements, the company’s profits have grown in recent years. Its sales grew 95 percent on-year to 587.9 billion won ($482.6 million) in 2019, while its operating income increased 17 percent to 97.5 billion won. The label is estimated, by some brokerage firms, to exceed 4 trillion won in value. Its underwriters for the IPO, including NH Investment and Securities, Korea Investment & Securities, JP Morgan and Mirae Asset Daewoo, valued the firm at some 6 trillion won. 



Despite Big Hit’s head-turning growth, forecasts for its planned IPO are not all rosy, according to market watchers.



“The IPO will surely draw lots of attention from investors around the world, as well as those BTS fans,” said a source in the local brokerage market, adding “However, there are still a number of challenges that the label has to overcome to hit a home run in the IPO market.”



Some market critics claimed the company has been overvalued, considering market caps of other local entertainment giants. The respective market cap of JYP and SM Entertainment stands at some 736.5 billion won and 647.2 billion won. The 6 trillion-won valuation rivals the nation’s conglomerates, including telecom giants KT and LG Uplus and the Industrial Bank of Korea.



In addition, the K-pop septet is almost the only revenue source of the entertainment company. Few singers under the label have made a major hit yet, while other businesses, including mobile games and online cartoons that utilize intellectual property rights linked to K-pop bands, have fallen far short of proving profitable.









“When local label YG Entertainment went public some years ago, its heavy reliance on four-member boy band Big Bang served as some kind of a roadblock when making its debut on the nation’s secondary Kosdaq market,” said an analyst from a local brokerage firm, adding, “Big Hit may have to diversify its revenue sources to make a successful debut on the stock market and appeal to investors.”



Some members of the Korean septet will soon have to serve their mandatory military duty in the coming years, and this poses risks against Big Hit’s IPO scheme. Male citizens aged between 18 and 28 are required to serve in South Korea, which remains technically still at war with the North. Born between 1992 and 1997, all the BTS members currently meet the age requirement. Vocalist Jin, who turns 28 this year, is expected to enlist in the military by the end of the year.



“There is a growing doubt over sustainability of Big Hit’s business models as its cash cow and crown jewel BTS still has the military issue unsolved,” an industry source working in the investment industry said.



Making matters worse, the ongoing coronavirus pandemic has forced the entertainment firm to cancel or temporarily halt scheduled offline music events here and abroad this year. If lockdowns and social distancing campaigns continue across the globe, it is unclear when those large-scale concerts will be able to take place. The cancellations of those concerts are largely expected to undermine Big Hit’s profits.



Despite the risks, some analysts said that the impact of BTS on the global entertainment market is not negligible at all, and Big Hit will certainly benefit from it as it prepares for the IPO.



“BTS wields larger influence on the global entertainment segment than emerging content makers like Studio Dragon,” said Kim Hyun-yong, an analyst from eBEST Investment & Securities, forecasting that the estimated market cap of the BTS label would reach 3 to 4.5 trillion won.



The Seoul-based label was founded in 2005 by songwriter and producer Bang Si-hyuk. He is the largest shareholder with 43 percent stake, while his cousin, gaming firm Netmarble Chairman Bang Joon-hyuk, is the second-largest shareholder with 25.22 percent stake. BTS renewed a seven-year contract with Big Hit in 2018. 



By Kim Young-won ( “When local label YG Entertainment went public some years ago, its heavy reliance on four-member boy band Big Bang served as some kind of a roadblock when making its debut on the nation’s secondary Kosdaq market,” said an analyst from a local brokerage firm, adding, “Big Hit may have to diversify its revenue sources to make a successful debut on the stock market and appeal to investors.”Some members of the Korean septet will soon have to serve their mandatory military duty in the coming years, and this poses risks against Big Hit’s IPO scheme. Male citizens aged between 18 and 28 are required to serve in South Korea, which remains technically still at war with the North. Born between 1992 and 1997, all the BTS members currently meet the age requirement. Vocalist Jin, who turns 28 this year, is expected to enlist in the military by the end of the year.“There is a growing doubt over sustainability of Big Hit’s business models as its cash cow and crown jewel BTS still has the military issue unsolved,” an industry source working in the investment industry said.Making matters worse, the ongoing coronavirus pandemic has forced the entertainment firm to cancel or temporarily halt scheduled offline music events here and abroad this year. If lockdowns and social distancing campaigns continue across the globe, it is unclear when those large-scale concerts will be able to take place. The cancellations of those concerts are largely expected to undermine Big Hit’s profits.Despite the risks, some analysts said that the impact of BTS on the global entertainment market is not negligible at all, and Big Hit will certainly benefit from it as it prepares for the IPO.“BTS wields larger influence on the global entertainment segment than emerging content makers like Studio Dragon,” said Kim Hyun-yong, an analyst from eBEST Investment & Securities, forecasting that the estimated market cap of the BTS label would reach 3 to 4.5 trillion won.The Seoul-based label was founded in 2005 by songwriter and producer Bang Si-hyuk. He is the largest shareholder with 43 percent stake, while his cousin, gaming firm Netmarble Chairman Bang Joon-hyuk, is the second-largest shareholder with 25.22 percent stake. BTS renewed a seven-year contract with Big Hit in 2018.By Kim Young-won ( wone0102@heraldcorp.comWhat does BTS mean? All the secrets to know about the K-pop group

What is this BTS and why are we seeing it in our news feed? BTS is a KPop band that took the world by storm. Founded in 2010, they went international in 2016 after critical and commercial success in Asia. They were the first KPop band to perform at the AMAs and have earned several awards.

With a global fan base, we wondered what makes this boy band stand out. Their good looks, coordinated outfits, and tight dance moves are hallmarks of every boy band, so what’s up with them? After digging deeper, here’s what we found.

BTS is an acronym for Bangtan Sonyeondan, Bulletproof Boy Scouts. The name is a nod to the resiliency of youth. They’re commonly known as the Bangtan Boys in their native South Korea. A few years ago, they started going by Beyond the Scene, and we think that’s probably to appeal to international audiences more.

Boy bands usually last for two or three years, maybe four or five if they’re lucky. BTS has been around since 2010 with no signs of slowing down. A 7-member group, they combine rap, hip-hop, and EDM influences to create upbeat music.

BTS was created as a different kind of “idol group”

In the 90s, label executives in Korea began scouting talent and forming pop groups. Members of these groups often trained rigorously from childhood to be the perfect stars. Seeing how hostile “idol groups” could be, founder Bang Si-hyuk wanted to create a new kind of idol group, more relaxed and genuine than manufactured. Thus, BTS was born.

BTS members are encouraged to speak their mind

Unlike other idol groups, BTS has more leeway to live their lives and even speak out about pressure. They talk about the hardships of being in the spotlight in interviews and are encouraged to. Their openness adds to their genuine effect that makes them popular worldwide. For the latest with video game news, visit Gamerbolt.com. Keep up-to-date within the gaming scene.

Most of the members of BTS are credited as dancers. They work with internationally known choreographers, but members J-Hope, Jimin, and Jungkook also help plan dance moves. They learn the moves in a few days and then spend the next few weeks perfecting it in time for their tour or to shoot a music video.

It’s not all fun and games

While BTS has a fun, lighthearted persona in their music videos and interviews, rehearsals are anything but. Practice days are tense. Since they have millions of fans worldwide, they put a lot of pressure on themselves to be the best they can be. Employees from the label who watch them even noted their strict perfectionism.

Weird, whimsical, and wonderfully choreographed, BTS’ music videos are something to behold. They look more like art films than the dancing-on-clouds boy band videos of yesteryear. Like older acts, the videos still manage to capture the members’ cute, pouty looks. Some things never change.

BTS’ music videos tend to follow a story. Since The Most Beautiful Moments in Life, the music videos released by BTS are more like K Dramas. Each member has their own struggles, serialized in each subsequent video.

Some members of BTS are branching out into solo work. It was just announced that Suga Surprise is dropping another hip-hop mixtape. Under his name Agust D, this will be his second solo release – the first one came out in 2016. RM, his fellow BTS member, also does solo work and is featured on Agust D’s new album.Have a burning beauty question? You've come to the right place. Every week, one of our beauty editors will answer readers' biggest skin-care, hair, and makeup questions in our new series, Ask a Beauty Editor.

Reader Question: Out of all the beauty tips you've learned from K-pop stars, which ones have you actually tried?

Over the past three years, dozens of K-pop stars have entrusted me their skin-care secrets to me. At times, they make me cringe. (Yes, I'm looking at you, Rocky, and your contact-solution-as face-wash trick.) Other times, I readily incorporate their tips into my own skin-care routine.

The top trick is not wearing makeup longer than you have to. Several idols, including TWICE's Jeongyeon, have told me they take off all their glitz and glam as soon as they are done performing. I now do about the same. As soon as I step into my apartment after work, I go to my bathroom to double cleanse, which is also K-pop stars' preferred method of makeup removal. I'm sure many of them have a pore-clogging ideology behind doing this, but for me, taking off my makeup is a relaxing ritual after a long day.

Toner has also become an absolute essential. Nearly everyone I've interviewed has told me they grab their favorite toner right after washing their face. Some, like SF9's Hwi Young and TWICE's Nayeon, even skip drying off their faces and go straight to toning.

Like Monsta X's Kihyun, I like to pat on the Cosrx Propolis Synergy Toner. Or if my skin is breaking out, I soak cotton pads in Then I Met You's Birch Milk Refining Toner and slap them onto my trouble spots like a quick pore-clearing sheet mask à la KARD's Jiwoo.

Reader Question: What do [K-pop stars] do when they have a surprise pimple on a big day?

The easiest remedy I've encountered is stick on pimple patches. (I'm a fan of Hero Cosmetics' Might Patch Invisible+.) Once, I was backstage with Pentagon, and one of the members had a cluster of acne stickers along his jawline. Once he went on stage, you couldn't even see them under the bright lights.

No one has ever admitted this to me, but I have a feeling many idols get cortisone shots for surprise pimples. While in Seoul recently, I visited a dermatology clinic many stars frequent and not only get this intel but also got a couple of shots for myself after breaking out from the 14-hour flight. The injections were incredibly painful, but the cystic pimples on my cheeks were gone in no time.

All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.

Read more editions of Ask a Beauty Editor:
• 4 Skin-Care Products to Help You Look More Awake Before Your Next Zoom Meeting
• How to Air-Dry Your Curls

Now, watch GOT7 try nine things they've never done before:K-Pop Ramen Shop, a brand new destination for Korean-style ramen and dumplings, will make its debut in the Oak Lawn area this week.

The restaurant is set for a soft opening at 5150 Lemmon Avenue on Friday, May 29 according to a post to the K-Pop Ramen Shop Facebook page. It’s the brainchild of cousins Tuoc Nguyen and Alexis Huynh, and will bring a bounty of Korean-influenced comfort food dishes to the neighborhood.

As its name would indicate, brothy noodle bowls ares a fixture of the menu at K-Pop, ranging from classic tonkotsu and shoyu ramen broths to a spicy seafood option with fish cake, squid, shrimp, and fried shallot. Jajangmyeon, or black bean noodles, are also on the menu, alongside spicy bibimbap with chicken, pork, or beef, and a Korean burger topped with kimchi and a fried egg.

K-Pop will also be open late for those end-of-night noodle cravings — til 10 p.m. on weekends and midnight on Friday and Saturday. They’re offering 15 percent off this Friday and Saturday as part of the grand opening.Jaehyun from K-pop boy band NCT. The singer’s apology for visiting Seoul nightlife district Itaewon during social distancing caused a stir online when a Singaporean newspaper reported on it.The trilogy is a favorite format for movies and books, but it’s also popular in K-pop releases too — and with good reason. Over the course of three of albums or songs, an artist can tell a story in three parts, or do a deep-dive into a concept by showing three different sides of it. Often one section features a twist that surprises you or makes you think, but a well-conceived trilogy will tie together its three parts, twist and all, into an overarching narrative that you’ll want to listen to again and again to pick up new insights. K-pop has had its fair share of trilogies over the years, and the 12 artists featured in this article have released masterful trios of songs or albums. From three-part stories of friendship and romance, to themes covering Greek gods and explorations of youth, check out the amazing K-pop trilogies below!

VIXX’s 2016 album trilogy “Conception” tackles Greek mythology, taking on a different Greek deity for each album: “Zelos,” “Hades,” and “Kratos.” To embody Zelos, the god of jealousy and zeal, VIXX sings about a lover who is leaving them in the title track “Dynamite.” The dramatic, dark concept of their next title track “Fantasy” is the personification of Hades, the lord of the underworld, and the group wrapped the trilogy up with Kratos, god of strength and authority, as expressed in the forceful “The Closer.” Dive into the trilogy with the zeal of jazzy “Dynamite”!

What better way to follow VIXX’s “Conceptions” than with SHINee’s “Misconceptions” trilogy? SHINee launched this trio of albums in 2013 with “The Misconceptions of You,” and its title track “Dream Girl” is a trippy fantasy world that symbolizes misconceptions of reality, the world, and idealized love. They followed with a darker sound for “The Misconceptions of Me,” which featured the title track “Why So Serious?” to show the misconceptions of SHINee’s own dreams and ideals, before releasing the compilation album “The Misconceptions of Us,” which also included two new songs with the title track “Selene 6.23,” written by Jonghyun.

SHINee returned to the trilogy in 2018 with “The Story of Light,” an absolutely gorgeous set of EPs that shows the group continuing to make music while coping with the death of member Jonghyun. It’s an incredible story of strength and love, with soothing singles “Good Evening” and “I Want You” from the “Ep. 1” and “Ep. 2” albums building up to the third part’s single “Our Page,” in which the members pay tribute to Jonghyun while affirming that they will carry him in their hearts while they remain together on their journey. A little sad, but mostly healing, this trilogy truly embodies light.

Sunmi’s EP “Warning” featured a trilogy of separately-released singles that comprise, well, a warning. The songs tell the story of a romance, but they were released in reverse order, beginning with the end of the relationship. In “Gashina,” Sunmi watches a lover walk away from her, lamenting the breakup but asserting that she will “live like a flower” and bloom. In “Heroine,” the singer knows that the relationship is going to have a sad ending for her, but tells her lover to do as they please; she’ll stick with it until the end because “the show must go on.” Finally, in the prequel “Siren,” Sunmi warns someone to stay away and not harbor romanticized fantasies about her: she is dangerous. Start from “Siren” to watch the story unfold from its beginning:

MONSTA X’s epic trilogy “The Clan” consists of three EPs: “Lost,” “Guilty,” and “The Final Chapter” (which, although the third part of the trilogy, is actually labeled as “Pt. 2.5”) Their cinematic trio of music videos follows the members as they escape various entrapments: in the dystopian world of “All In,” the guys show their strong bond while standing up to injustice. In “Fighter” they are hostages in a mysterious, trippy hospital and must work together to escape. “Beautiful” offers a slightly different interpretation of the same theme: the MV is more elegant and luxurious, but the members are still trapped: this time, seemingly, by their own personal weaknesses. The group ties the trilogy together with a visual motif: the repeated image of purple flowers and a mysterious liquid that is extracted from the blossoms. Start this cinematic journey with “All In”!

GFRIEND began their careers with a school-themed trilogy, starting with their debut track “Glass Bead,” in which they light up various school settings with their bright choreography. The girls followed this up with the more assertive, but equally cheerful, “Me Gustas Tu,” with an MV that shows them having fun outdoors on a summer trip. Finally, they wrapped up the series with the slightly moodier “Rough,” which shows the members at the end of a school year, reflecting back on the memories they’ve made. This trilogy is full of the warm energy of youth!

The installments of GOT7’s “Flight Log” trilogy are aptly named “Departure,” “Turbulence,” and “Arrival,” and the intricate storyline traced in these three albums has been the subject of much fan analysis! Fittingly, idol-actor member Jinyoung is the protagonist of the narrative, which begins with a car crash in the trailer for “Departure.” The ensuing journey through the music videos for “Fly,” “Hard Carry,” and Never Ever” follows Jinyoung in the aftermath, as he is shown lying in a hospital bed and trapped in a glass box. The series is tied together with several symbols: levitation, lush green plants, and the image of a blue bird. Is Jinyoung the sole survivor? Or is he the member who died in the story? Watch the trilogy to decide for yourself!

SEVENTEEN kicked off their boyhood trilogy with their debut track “Adore U,” a funky journey through the story of a boy who begins falling for a girl, with sweet lyrics about how he wants to learn everything about her. The group followed up with a school concept for the hit track “Mansae” and then had some rebellious fun in the MV for “Pretty U,” both of which serve as confessions of feelings. “Pretty U” is softer than its preceding songs, but is a more confident take on the theme of young, boyish romance!

Lovelyz debuted with a concept of youthful femininity that formed a trilogy, showing a more mature side in each progressive single of the three. “Candy Jelly Love” showcased their bright vocals in a school setting filled with colorful candies. In their next release “Hi~,” the Lovelyz members showed off an older aura, singing in softly lit rooms with florals and frilled outfits. Finally, “A-Choo” brought back the school girl uniforms of “Candy Jelly Love,” but the stronger vocals and more powerful dance moves show that this is definitely a more mature Lovelyz than we saw at the beginning of the trilogy!

9. BTS’s school, “The Most Beautiful Moment in Life,” and “Love Yourself”

BTS has released a trio of trilogies, beginning with their debut “school trilogy” that dealt with youthful topics such as following your dreams, in the first and second title tracks “No More Dream” and “N.O,” and love, in the final track “Boy in Luv.” They took up the concept of youth again in 2015 with the masterful trilogy “The Most Beautiful Moment in Life,” in which they illustrated how youth is simultaneously a time of difficulties and mistakes, but also filled with possibilities. The title tracks “I Need U” and “Run” emphasized the darker side of youth, while the third part of the album included the wistful “Save Me” and resolved to “set everything on fire” in the rebellious “Fire.”

Finally, BTS’s most recent trilogy “Love Yourself” explores different facets of love. As befits an album titled “Love Yourself: Her,” the first single “DNA” is about falling into a love that feels like fate. The twist in this trilogy comes in the middle album, “Love Yourself: Tear,” which features darker tracks: its lead single “Fake Love” is about realizing that one has lost oneself in the midst of a romance — which means, of course, that the love is untenable. But the boys emerge stronger and more sure of themselves in “Love Yourself: Answer,” which offers the “answer” of self-love, especially in the lead single “IDOL.” Check out “DNA” below, or go back to the very beginning with “Serendipity” — the intro tracks are equally important to this trilogy’s story!

“ReVe” stands for Red Velvet, but it also means “dream” in French — which is the perfect word to describe this trilogy. It truly is a festival, beginning with the “Day 1” EP and its whimsical carnival music video for “Zimzalabim” before transitioning to the tamer, summery “Umpah Umpah” in “Day 2.” In the “Finale” compilation album, Red Velvet shows their mastery of the trilogy form by offering something unexpected and different, yet still in the fantasy theme: “Psycho” features a dark and mysterious concept, but with the same dreamy quality that was pervasive in the first two parts of the series. Dive into “The ReVe Festival” with “Zimzalabim”:

No group does ballads quite like BTOB, and thankfully they gifted us with an entire trilogy of smooth, soothing tracks! The trilogy began in 2015 with “It’s Okay” and then “Way Back Home,” both of which were accompanied by MVs that showcased the boys’ acting skills with storylines about fighting through hardships. The final ballad, “Remember That,” is slightly more uplifting, and features a beautifully contemplative music video that brings the trilogy to a close on a reflective note. Few groups could pull off a dance version of a ballad, but check out the one for “It’s Okay”:

TXT’s “The Dream Chapter: STAR” tells a story of youthful friendships, which is manifested in the infectious energy of title track “Crown.” The follow-up album, “The Dream Chapter: MAGIC,” builds off of the first by tracing the journey of those friends on various adventures — but its tracks, like the hit single “Run Away,” show a distinctively more dream-like quality than “STAR.” Finally, TXT’s most recent mini-album, “The Dream Chapter: ETERNITY” offers a darker twist from the previous two installments. In its title track “Can’t You See Me?,” the boys are still hanging out and laughing together, but there’s a more sinister feeling of loneliness underneath the surface, as the guys sing “my friends don’t understand me anymore” and have a food fight with red fruits that look suspiciously like blood. It’s an unexpected yet effective end to the successful trilogy!

Hey Soompiers, which of these trilogies is your favorite? Rumor has it that BLACKPINK will also be releasing a three-step comeback soon, too! Tell us your thoughts in the comments!

hgordon stays up way too late on weeknights marathoning K-dramas and trying to keep up with the latest K-pop releases.K-pop is officially taking over May, and even some new characters are coming to play.

"Who Dis?" Vine Entertainment announced a new five-member girl group called Secret Number will officially debut on May 19 with its new single, while About Entertainment comes out with another all-female squad REDSQUARE on the same day with its new album Prequel.

But for those already in the big leagues, NCT 127 plans on releasing the boy band's deluxe sophomore album The 2nd Album Repackage 'NCT #127 Neo Zone: The Final Round' on May 19 with four new tracks and two physical versions of the LP with special artwork, photos and other goodies for fans. Tomorrow x Together also has a second mini-album on the way on May 18 titled The Dream Chapter: Eternity.Despite the unfortunate circumstances of how former K-pop stars Sulli, Goo Hara and Kim Jong-hyun left this earth, their fans can still visit these artists’ Instagram pages to pay their respects and reminisce about the good memories they had with their idols.

Some fans rejoiced after discovering that their idols’ accounts on the mentioned app have been memorialized, as seen in a certain Jongdae Dyo’s Facebook post last Thursday, April 30.

This means that the social networking site acknowledges that the accounts’ users have passed away but it has kept the accounts active for viewing as “a place to remember and celebrate someone’s life after they’ve passed away.”

Kim Jong-hyun, more widely known as simply Jonghyun, was a former member of the South Korean band SHINee. He died at the age of 28 in December 2017. Authorities investigated the case as a suspected suicide.

Sulli, whose real name was Choi Jin-ri, was a victim of cyberbullying and had been suffering from severe depression prior to her death. The actress was found dead at a house in Seoul last October. She was 25 years old.

A few weeks later, Sulli’s close friend Goo Hara was also found dead at her home in late November. The 28-year-old singer was a member of the K-pop girl group Kara. She was reportedly also hospitalized in May 2019 after a suicide attempt.

The K-pop stars’ fan, Dyo, announced Jonghyun’s and Sulli’s accounts getting memorialized on his Facebook page.

“It means they won’t remove it for it’s inactivity so that everyone can still visit it while remembering our angels!” the fan added.

Another fan named Paula (@syjungies) added that it was not just Jonghyun’s and Sulli’s, but Hara’s as well.

The netizen attached three screen grabs from the K-pop idols’ Instagram accounts showing that the accounts have indeed been memorialized, as seen on her Twitter post yesterday, May 1.

Other fans can also visit these K-pop idols’ accounts and click the word “remembering” underneath their display icons to show Instagram’s memorialized letter.

After Sulli’s death, a number of bills were submitted to the National Assembly in South Korea, aiming to curb cyberbullying in the country. /ra

The Philippine Department of Health has said that every case of suicide is a tragedy that can be avoided. Thus, people who feel that they may be suffering from mental health and need help may call Hopeline hotlines:

Sandara Park opens up about her insecurities after 2NE1 disbandedIndia’s first all-girls Korean Pop (K-pop) band 5High is going to release their first official music video on 9XO channel at 3 pm on Sunday.

The band’s first music video will be an adaptation of the K-pop song Piri that has been sung by a popular South Korean girl band Dream Catcher.

The 5High K-pop band comprises of five girls- Nasa Rianchi, Maria Mize, Dhevi Hangu Pombu, Nana Secii and Hitali Vernekar.

The band was formed after a rigorous selection process by three popular K-pop stars Alobo Naga, Kuvelu Tetseo and Alune Tetseo.

The hunt for India’s first-ever All Girls K-Pop band was announced by consumer giant Marico’s haircare brand Livon.

Opened to all K-Pop enthusiasts in India, the talent hunt was aimed at finding and honing the best K-Pop talent from across the country.

As a part of the competition, hundreds of entries participated in the auditions in Guwahati and Shillong that was held in November last year.

After the group 5High was formed, the selected girls of the group travelled to Mumbai where they were rigorously groomed by the judges for the shoot of the music video.

The country’s first all-girls K-pop band will now be officially making their debut with the release of their first music video.World-famous Kpop boy group BTS' V has been announced as the most handsome man of 2020 in the world by YouTube channel 'Top 10 World.'

This Youtube Channel has more than 300 thousand subscribers and it selects the Top 10 in various categories yearly. V, who is also known as Kim Taehyung, topped Hollywood stars and artists such as Extraction star Chris Hemsworth, Tom Cruise, Chris Evans, and singer Zayn Malik.

Most Handsome Man In The World?

The Top 10 World Youtube Channel wrote in its description that "being handsome is not just about having a good-looking face, but rather it's about the body, looks and appeal," which is how it ranked the stars from 1 to 10.

Related: BTS Member Suga Hints Of A New Album, And Fans Are Totally Excited

In fact, according to Allkpop V had topped the '100 Most Attractive Asian Guys' since 2018 and snatched the top spot for 'The Best Handsome Face In 2017', 'The Best Handsome Man in the World in 2018' by famous STAR 101 and 'Handsome men 2018' by a global entertainment site. He even won the championship in the '100 Asians Heartthrobs' which is selected annually by Starmometer for three consecutive years.

I think we can see why V has been titled the most handsome man in the world now.

The Army's can testify that the South Korean singer and dancer is not only handsome but diligent, kind, caring, and gentle towards his members and fans. V stans are also crazy for his husky voice, fair complexion, sharp features, and his dreamy eyes.

It would be no surprise if he won the same title next year as well!

Next: Facebook Will Hold Virtual Graduation Ceremonies, And Your Favorite Celebrities Will Be There!K-pop is a worldwide phenomenon today, but it was hard to escape from even 10 years ago, as the writer found at The Yanggakdo International Hotel in Pyongyang, North Korea. Photo: AFP/Ed JonesPop groups don’t typically come with hard-and-fast expiration dates. They break up, or mutually decide to splinter into solo projects, or more often merely fade. But that dissolution comes organically rather than by rule, dictated more by changes in audience interests or individual pursuits than self-imposed deadlines. That’s what made Korean pop group NCT Dream such an intriguing—and risky—concept.

On Sunday, NCT Dream will perform a live-streamed global concert titled Beyond the Dream as part of a series produced by K-pop titan SM Entertainment. The concert, and the series as a whole, is an experimental method of entertainment in the age of COVID-19, featuring augmented-reality technology and 3-D graphics. But on top of being a blueprint for how musicians—particularly massive pop stars—might continue to stay connected to fans amid a pandemic, the concert is symbolic for NCT Dream. As it turns out, “Beyond the Dream” is a fitting title for the performance—as recent events have proved, the group has evolved far beyond anyone’s initial expectations.

NCT Dream debuted in 2016 as the youngest subunit of SM’s ambitious, famously complicated NCT project, which aimed to create a series of interconnected K-pop groups targeted at different demographics and global audiences. Featuring idols as young as 14, NCT Dream’s fresh-faced members were intended to appeal to a younger domestic audience in Korea. There was group leader and SM golden boy Mark Lee; sunny entertainer Haechan; soaring Chinese vocalists Renjun and Chenle; energetic, boyish duo Jaemin and Jeno; and tiny dance phenom Jisung. Dream’s first, peppy single, “Chewing Gum,” featured complicated choreography on hoverboards, showing off these talented teens’ uncanny dexterity.

But there was a catch. In an attempt to keep NCT Dream eternally adorable, a graduation system was set in place. Members would have to leave Dream when they turned 20, an interesting idea that turned controversial in recent years, as Mark aged out of Dream and the remaining, increasingly popular members approached their own graduation dates.



The logic behind SM’s system is understandable: a replenishing source of talented youths, forever the same age as its target demographic. What it doesn’t account for, though, is the trumping value of personal attachment—after spending years investing in specific stars, who wants new ones? After about a year of fan-led discussion and concerns about the quickly approaching deadline for most of Dream’s ensemble, SM Entertainment announced in April that it would abolish the graduation system. Sometime in the near future, Mark Lee will return to the group, which will revert to the lineup commonly referred to as “7Dream.”

In the grand scheme of K-pop group structuring, this change should be a relatively seamless one—after all, the existence of NCT U, which serves as a platform for releases from any combination of NCT members, is essentially a built-in contingency plan for off-the-cuff adjustments like this.

But ahead of any future 7Dream activity, the current lineup of NCT Dream has plenty else to focus on. They’re in the middle of constant promotion for their final mini-album Reload, which dropped April 29, and the first single off the album, the rip-roaring “Ridin,” is a far cry from Dream’s 2016 debut. The boys have traded hoverboards for motorcycles, bow ties for bedazzled bombers, and cutesy choreo for full-out body rolls. But as Jisung points out in an interview via a translator, Dream has also “evolved musically and mentally.”

While still in line with Dream’s signature youthful, peppy energy, Reload emphasizes the newfound maturity of the six performers, though to imply that it’s an improvement does a disservice to their early, equally impressive work. Theirs is more of a consistent evolution of sound and concept—though one notable change in Dream’s sound stands out. “A lot of fans know Jisung for his dancing skills, but from debut to now, the most significant change is his vocals,” says Haechan of their youngest member, whose voice has deepened since the group’s debut into a pleasant baritone—unusual not only within NCT Dream, but in K-pop overall, which tends to favor vocalists with higher ranges. “Unlike NCT Dream’s signature sound, which is more youthful and soft, Jisung’s voice is deeper and soulful in nature, and I think fans and listeners really love it.”

The development of unexpected talents like Jisung’s improved vocals is part of what has carried Dream beyond the initial landmarks set for them. The young trainees were chosen with their potential for success in mind, but it’s hard to imagine that anyone foresaw the level to which Jeno and Jaemin would step up as main rappers and unofficial leaders when Mark left the group, or how Chenle and Renjun’s Korean skills would improve to their current degree of sharp, witty fluency. “Renjun used to have a very shy, more reserved personality,” Chenle says in Korean of his fellow Chinese groupmate. “As we’ve grown closer to each other, he’s a lot brighter and more extroverted.”

According to Renjun, the ever-entertaining Haechan hasn’t changed much since the group’s debut: “From the beginning, Haechan has been the mood-maker of the group; he’s very understanding, and he serves as a connecting point between all the members.” His eternal optimism isn’t the only constant—Haechan has been one of NCT’s standout vocalists since before the group even debuted. He recorded the iconic, fan-favorite demo for their first NCT U track, “The 7th Sense,” and despite not appearing on the final track, he’s been a member of both NCT 127 and NCT Dream since 2016.

As several other NCT idols can attest, it’s not easy to be part of two groups at once (or three, if you’re Mark Lee). Between 127 and Dream, Haechan will recently have switched between three separate comebacks in the span of two months. He’ll also perform in two Beyond Live concerts in a row, as NCT 127 is set to perform the weekend after Dream. “Usually, going between the two groups, it can be really difficult because the concepts are so different every time,” Haechan says. “But I like to create my own version of whatever concept is next, whether that’s Dream or 127. I try not to think too much about fitting into each group. It’s more about making the concepts fit me.”

The other members of Dream may want to pay attention to Haechan’s advice—according to a press release from SM, “Renjun, Jeno, Jaemin, Chenle, and Jisung will each carry out their global activities as part of new NCT sub-groups to be launched and announced at a later date,” in addition to any upcoming Dream promotion. While the prospect of new NCT units starring current fan favorites is exciting, it does seem possible that future Dream releases may be few and far between, much like past NCT U singles.

So while 7Dream has been presented as a solution for fans clinging to NCT Dream, it may be a little less cut-and-dried than that. The prospect of splitting up Dream into new subunits, even with the continuation of 7Dream, has some fans understandably worried—after all, it seems like a crime to even temporarily separate BFFs Jaemin and Jeno, who spent a large part of our interview commenting on how “cool and handsome” the other had become since their debut. It’s also worth noting that no NCT U subunit has ever released a full album with a fixed lineup; the closest thing would be 2018’s Empathy, which featured a mélange of songs from every NCT unit, including the single “Black on Black,” featuring every 2018 member of NCT together. But it could also be freeing: an evolution that isn’t a total erasure of the past.

Even if NCT Dream does spend some time apart going forward, the members say they’re proud of all they’ve accomplished together. Chenle’s favorite memory is performing “We Go Up” with all seven members, while Jeno points to their first concert, the Dream Show, as his favorite. According to Jaemin, “every moment that we saw more and more fans around the world listening to our music” stood out most, before Jeno adds, “We grew with our fans, and that’s a really proud and happy thing.”

Fans have plenty of happy memories with NCT Dream, but looking backward has never done any good in attempting to predict NCT’s evolution, and NCT Dream’s past may not shed much light on 7Dream’s future. After all, moving forward is what Dream does best, whether on hoverboards, bikes, or cars. Though it can be frustrating to fans, the genius of NCT’s original concept, and of SM’s initial vision, is that it allows for constant flexibility and development. Combining, changing, and creating groups is exactly the purpose NCT was made for. This time it’ll allow for Dream to keep “ridin’ and rollin’” for many years to come.Daily lifestyle show giving viewers the best in all things New YorkPopular Kpop singer Lee Sun Hee has divorced her second husband after 14 years of marriage. Her agency Hook Entertainment confirmed the news, but did not give any specific reason for the couple breaking apart.

Lee Sun Hee, 56, had married a non-celebrity known as Jung (surname) in 2006. Not much information is available about the singer's husband. Lee Sun Hee also had kept the news of her marriage secret for a while. The couple mutually decided to file for divorce after being in a relationship for 14 years.

According to Hoon Entertainment, personality difference is said to be the reason behind their separation. The agency said the divorce was settled early this year. The agency also told the fans it cannot reveal any more details as it will be a breach of privacy.

It can be noted that when Descendants of the Sun stars Song Joong Ki and Song Hye Kyo publicly announced their divorce in June 2019 the reason given was differences in personality. Both Song Joong Ki and Song Hye Kyo took to social media to make the announcement after 20 months of marriage. The couple had got married on October 31, 2017.

Korean celebrities are known to keep their personal life away from public glare, especially when the partner is a non-celebrity. Recently, EXO's Chen was also in news for his marriage with a non-celebrity. The couple also became parents for baby girl on April 29. Chen had announced his marriage to his girlfriend in January, and the news had created a ruckus. On May 8, JY Park also became a father to a baby girl. After marrying a non-celebrity, Park has also kept his personal life including information about his wife a secret.

For similar reasons, Lee Sun Hee also not only kept the news of her marriage a secret, but also the news of her divorce. Recently, while speaking to media, she spoke about her upcoming album and when asked how was she doing she said: "How am I doing ... Well, nothing special. No big deal." The singer did not mention anything about her divorce.

Singer Lee Sun married her second husband Jung in 2006 in a secret wedding. Previously Lee Sun Hee had married a music producer in 1992. Their marriage lasted six years, before the couple went their separate ways in 1998.

Hook Entertainment has also informed that Lee Sun Hee is currently getting ready for the release of her 16th full album. The album is all set for release later this year.

Lee Sun Hee is called Korea's national diva. The veteran singer is very popular and also commercially successful. She is one of the rare singers who have more female fans than male fans. Lee Sun Hee's round glasses and curt hair had become so popular that it had started 'Lee Sun Hee syndrome', a new trendy style followed by numerous female fans.

Lee Sun Hee was awarded the Prime Minister's Commendation in 2010 for her contributions to popular culture. She is the fourth South Korean singer to have the honor of performing at Carnegie Hall in 2011. She also had the opportunity to perform at Pyongyang in North Korea in 2018, as part of Spring is Coming.

Lee Sun Hee holds a degree in environmental management from Incheon City College, from where she graduated in 1984. In the same year she appeared for the 5th MBC Riverside Song Festival and since then completely turned towards music.South Korean girl groups are from the K-Pop industry that have been extremely popular all over the world from the late 90s. So, here are the top 5 K-Pop girl groups of 2020 you should know about. Read on to know about them.

K-Pop girl groups are referred to the all-female groups from the Korean pop or K-pop industry. Korean girl groups have immensely been popular for their interesting concepts, catchy lyrics, point-choreography and fresh visuals. The first generation of Korean girl groups became popular in the late 90s and some of the groups are S.E.S., Fin.K.L and Baby Vox. Then from 2003, the second-generation groups came into the spotlight and some of them are Girls' Generation, Kara, Wonder Girls, 2NE1, 4Minute, Sistar, Miss A, Girl's Day, Apink, etc.

The third-generation groups made their debut in 2012 and they are currently ruling the K-Pop industry. Some of the K-Pop girl groups are Blackpink, Twice, Red Velvet, GFriend, Mamamoo, I.O.I., Everglow, EXID, oh!GG, Itzy, etc. Today, we have listed the top 5 girl groups.

Most popular 5 K-Pop girl groups of 2020 you should know about:

This is one of the most popular girl bands of South Korea and it’s active from 2016 to present. Members of this group are Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé and Lisa. Their album Boombayah became the most popular one.

Twice has been active from 2015 and the members are Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, Tzuyu. The Twice has been called the new or next "Nation’s Girl Group".

Active since 2014, Red Velvet is a K-pop girl group of 5 members and they are Irene, Seulgi, Wendy, Joy, Yeri. They are popular for their unique concept of using two different shades, i.e. Red for the pop genre and Velvet for hip hop and jazz.

Aisha, Sihyeon, E: U, Onda, Yiren and Mia are the members of the group Everglow which is active from 2019 to present. The most unique concept of their band is that each girl has a specific position in the group. This group debuted with their album ‘Arrival of Everglow’.

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueCheck out these Korean pop songs to listen to when you need a quick reminder of self-love.

People who love music know that it is more than just a means of entertainment. It has the ability to help you move on from things, get inspired and overcome your fears. It is amazing how just a 3-minute song can have such an impact on the lives of so many people. This being said, today we are talking about K-pop songs that emphasise the importance of self-love and how we should accept ourselves for who we are.

For the unversed, K-pop has been gaining popularity all around the world. With a wide range of pop sounds, amazing dancing skills and great lyrics, K-pop has so much to offer. They are loved by many despite the fact that most of the Korean songs are not in English. One other thing that appeals to people worldwide is that many Korean songs address social and mental problems.

remind you to love yourself.

While most of the songs on BTS’s albums talk about self-love and other mental health issues, Epiphany takes you on a journey of self-realisation and to love oneself before loving others.

In this ballad, Taeyeon writes a letter to her future self with messages like liberation, self-love and support.

This song by girl group Mamamoo is about encouraging their fans to love themselves and feel confident in their own skin, however, they are.

This group has recieved so much love in only a few years for their incredibly lyrics and talent. Most of their songs talk about inner struggles and give out a strong message of self-love, just like this one.

Finding your way and accepting your flaws are two essential things on the path to self-love – this is exactly what this song is about.

This song is about speaking your mind and saying no to things you don’t agree with. It highlights the importance of staying true to yourself no matter what life throws at you.

People always tell you to act according to your age, but IU begs to differ in this song. She sends out the message that everyone is different and age doesn't define who you are.

This song is all about self-love and self-confidence with lyrics like, "Don't measure me by your standards, I love being myself. I'm nobody else."

ALSO READ:BLACKPINK to TWICE: Top 5 most popular K Pop Girl Groups of 2020 you should know about

ALSO READ:10 South Korean dramas of 2020 that you shouldn’t miss

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueEl ministerio organizó, junto con la Agencia de Contenidos Creativos de Corea del Sur (KOCCA, según sus siglas en inglés), el concierto virtual "TRIP TO K-POP" (Viaje al K-pop), que se transmitirá en vivo por internet con representaciones sin público, desde este martes hasta el jueves, a las 7:00 p.m.The first and only member of South Korean boy band BigBang to get married, Taeyang likes gardening and cooking in his PJs, making dad jokes, and celebrates 20 years in the entertainment industry with intimate new behind-the-scene documentary called White KnightCJ ENM and BigHit are set to launch a new reality show, I-LAND that will give birth to new generation K-Pop idols.

I-LAND, a new survival reality show, raises lots of anticipations among K-Pop fans since its announcement. One of the primary reasons is because this show is a joint project by CJ ENM and BigHit Entertainment, which is the label of BTS, the most popular boy group in the world.

CJ ENM announced that the show will go on air in June. The reality show will cover the journey of K-Pop trainees from their training as they work together to their debut.

This is the first project under Belift Labs Incorporations. Belift Labs is a joint venture between Mnet and Big Hit Entertainment that was established in March last year with the purpose of unveiling a new K-Pop group.

The reality show will incorporate Mnet’s expertise in content production and BigHit’s music creation experience as they showcase the process of how the K-Pop idol aspirants compete and work together.

Preparations for the show is already of a big scale as Mnet has built a massive arena exclusively for shooting the program. A teaser video for I-LAND was also unveiled through the official SNS channels. In the teaser video, graphic images of giant eggs appear raising curiosity about the program.

Further, on May 11, CJ ENM announced that actor, Nam Goong Min will be hosting the show. The actor will play the part of a storyteller in I-LAND. Through this role, he will reveal the show’s universe to the viewers and help them understand the things going on in the show.

I-LAND is scheduled to broadcast via Mnet in June. However, the exact date of the first episode broadcast has not been revealed yet.
• CJ E&M And BigHit Entertainment Join Forces To Make New Idol GroupIf you have NCT's complex dance moves at your fingertips or can sing every single Shinee song since 'Hello' by heart, now is the time for you to make the world your stage.

SM Entertainment, home to some legendary K-pop groups such as Girls' Generation, EXO, Super Junior, Red Velvet, and TVXQ, has launched online applications for its global auditions. They are on the search for all-rounded talents that will potentially become the new faces of the K-pop industry.

Aspiring stars are to submit an email application, specifically titled as name/ age/ gender/ category, ex. (Jenny/ 18/ Female/ singer), together with a dance video, a singing audio clip, as well as front and side face shots without retouching. K-pop stars in the making born in 2000 - 2010 (between 10 - 20 years) regardless of race, nationality, and gender are welcome to apply.

Here's how to get your road to K-pop stardom started:

Since 2006, the annual SM Global Audition has become a pivotal platform for uncovering K-pop stars from all over the world. Some of them are Wendy and Joy from Red Velvet, Yuta, Renjun, Johnny, and Mark from NCT as well as Amber Liu. The global auditions, which used to take place physically in selected countries, has been moved online this year due to the current COVID-19 pandemic.

Visit the official SM Audition website for more information on the application process.In the midst of the coronavirus lockdown, fans have been looking forward to K-pop idol comebacks, debuts and more. But with the good news of having our K-pop idols back in the scene, there is also a time to bid farewell to our K-pop idols that are enlisted to the compulsory military service in Korea. This month sees five K-pop idols enlisting in the military.

BTOB’s Sungjae and Hyunsik are the band’s fourth and fifth member to enlist into the army after group leader Eunkwang (discharged on 7 April). Cube Entertainment announced that Sungjae would be leaving SBS’s Master in The House. The actor/band member revealed on 3 May that his enlistment date is 11 May. Sungjae asked his fans to support his upcoming project, Mystic Pop-Up Bar. Cube Entertainment also announced that Hyunsik will be enlisted on the same date as Sungjae.

Jinho and his PENTAGON teammates are competing in a music show Road to Kingdom but fans will be missing his majestic voice while he is away in the army. PENTAGON will continue participating in the show as a seven-member group in the meantime.

Suho, the leader of EXO, a multi-platinum boy group released his solo debut mini-album, Self-Portrait on 30 March as a gift to fans before his enlistment. Suho is the third member of EXO to enlist following Xiumin and D.O.

BLOCK B’s U-Kwon is joining the military the mid of this month. Picture: InstagramU-Kwon is the fourth member of BLOCK B to serve in the military following members Jaehyo (already discharged in December 2019), Taeil and B-Bomb. /TISG3 Artis Kpop Ini Disebut Wajahnya Tiba-tiba Berubah

TRIBUNNEWSMAKER.COM - Ini 3 artis Kpop yang diduga melakukan prosedur operasi plastik menebalkan bibir.

Wajah mereka yang dianggap berubah mengejutkan netizen.

Mendadak memiliki bibir yang lebih tebal, 3 artis Kpop ini dituduh netizen melakukan operasi plastik di bagian bibir, benarkah?

Operasi plastik adalah hal yang dianggap biasa di Korea Selatan.

Tak hanya selebriti, orang biasa juga dapat melakukan operasi plastik.
• Cegah Penyebaran Virus Corona, Korea Selatan Gunakan Robot Barista untuk Layani Pengunjung Kafe
• Terkenal Rupawan, Para Aktor Korea Ini Ternyata Pakai Makeup, Bandingkan dengan Wajah Asli Mereka!

Baru-baru ini muncul sebuah tren baru dalam operasi plastik.

Hal itu adalah operasi menebalkan bibir.

Tren bibir tebal ala Kylie Jenner memang sangat ngetren di Amerika.

Tren tersebut tampaknya mulai masuk ke Korea Selatan.The month of May is no doubt one of the most exciting one for K-pop enthusiasts. Fans can look forward to comebacks and debuts from several Hallyu acts coming their way.

However, along with these delightful news comes the sad announcement that almost every K-fan find it hard to deal with; some of their favourite male idols are already summoned to fulfil their duty in the military this month.

If y’all are ready to cry with us, check out this list of 5 idols who will be enlisting this month.
• Sungjae and Hyunsik will be the 4th and 5th members to enlist respectively, following group leader Eunkwang (already discharged on 7th April), Ilhoon and Minhyuk.
• The leader of the multi-platinum boy group released his solo debut mini-album, “Self- Portrait” on 30th March, as a gift to his fans before his enlistment.
• Jinho as well as his fellow PENTAGON teammates are currently competing in the survival show “Road To Kingdom, but due to his enlistment, the group will temporarily continue as a 7-member group.
• The 28-year-old idol will be the fourth member of the group to serve in the military, following members Jaehyo (already discharged in December 2019), Taeil and B-Bomb.

Out of all these K-pop idols, who will you miss the most?New Delhi, May 7 (IANSlife) Right from the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, creators, youth idols, and organisations have urged their audiences to follow social distancing and personal hygiene norms to prevent virus spread, and joining them now are popular K-Pop artistes, who enjoy a wide fan base across Asia and the world.

"Be The Future," a K-Pop music video encouraging young people to take measures to prevent the transmission of COVID-19, features Millenasia Project, a project band composed of K-Pop artists AleXa, Dreamcatcher and IN2IT. Created by Millenasia and UNESCO''s Global Education Coalition member Varkey Foundation, the catchy music video is targeted at school and college goers, who currently have to learn from home.

According to UNESCO, 1.5 billion students and youth across the planet have been affected by school and university closures due to the COVID-19 outbreak. In direct response, UNESCO launched the Global Education Coalition to facilitate inclusive learning opportunities for children and youth during this period of educational disruption.

"These K-pop artists have united to send an important message about staying safe during this global pandemic. Our Global Education Coalition is determined to do all it can to facilitate inclusive learning opportunities for the students and youth across the planet that have been affected by school and university closures," Stefania Giannini, Assistant Director General for Education at UNESCO, said.

As per its makers, the music video was created to remind young people that whilst they may not have symptoms of the virus, they can still transmit it to family or extended family members. This music video offers a candy pink and pastel colored narrative with sassy performances, an adorable Siberian tiger mascot and the bebop spunk expected from Korean pop music.

It reiterates the significance of simple norms like washing hands, staying home and wearing a face mask to protect oneself and others. "I strongly hope that this song and its message of health catches young people''s attention. Don''t let the seclusion get you down, it''s important to stay connected to school, teachers and friends," American-born K-Pop star AleXa said.

This is the one of the first times K-Pop has been used as part of a UNESCO initiative.

Disclaimer :- This story has not been edited by Outlook staff and is auto-generated from news agency feeds. Source: IANSGLENDALE -- We love bringing you photos every day of our graduating high school seniors. And from the more than 8,000 submissions we've received, one got through that shouldn't have; and it sure caused a social media sensation!Someone sent in a picture of a young man, suggesting he was a graduate from Rowland Heights. Well, he is actually a member of the hit South Korean super group, BTS, Jungkook Jeon.As soon as we aired it, their fans known as #BTSARMY, started having a field day, racking up tens of thousands of likes on Twitter. We didn't want to slight the other members of BTS so with a little help from our friends in the ABC7 graphics department, we put ALL the guys from the group in graduation attire.And to make up for the little oops, we thought it only right to highlight a REAL grad from Rowland Heights. So a special congratulations to Erika Santos!!Various K-Pop stars are gearing up to share the message “We Shall Overcome” to their fans through the upcoming Trip to K-Pop online event.

A huge new K-Pop festival titled Trip to K-Pop is coming online to bring performances from its stellar lineup which includes iKON, OH MY GIRL, KARD, and Kim Jae Hwan!



 Hosted and organized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism headed by Minister Park Yang Woo and the Korea Creative Content Agency headed by Director Kim Young-Joon, the K-Pop festival will be held at the CKL Stage in Seoul. Set to be massive as ever, it will run for a total of three days, starting from May 19 up to May 21.

Trip to K-Pop aims to provide performances by K-pop idols and other Korean musicians as an effort to console and cheer people all around the world in the midst of the COVID-19 outbreak.

For those around the world who are staying at home, the event proposes an “music trip to Korea” along with delivering a message of support to triumph through the difficulties together, in line with its tagline “We Shall Overcome”.

For this, 12 local musicians will be taking part in the event, which will be hosted by B1A4’s Sandeul. On its May 19 lineup are iKON, Soran, BIBI, and Natty.

Meanwhile, Kim Jae Hwan, APRIL, Daybreak, and Isaac Hong will be performing on May 20. Wrapping up the event on May 21 afterward are OH MY GIRL, KARD, Balming Tiger, Seo Samuel, and Martin Smith as well.

Kim Young Joon, president of the Korea Creative Content Agency, said, “Through K-Pop, which the world loves, is our way to deliver a message of hope and support to those who are burdened by COVID-19. As the problem of the recent COVID-19 infection has led to more emphasis on keeping distance from others in their daily lives, I hope this performance will be a good opportunity for the people of the country to enjoy culture while practicing social distancing.”

SBS MediaNet also said, “Trip to K-pop is a performance held to support and cheer people around the world who are suffering because of COVID-19. We hope it will be a time for us to enjoy and cheer for each other in our own homes.”

From May 19 to 21, the concert will be broadcast live on SBS MTV and SBS FiL on SBS MediaNet from 7 PM KST. It will also be aired live online through the Naver V Live and U+ Idol Live apps, as well as the YouTube channels of Korea Creative Content Agency and THE K-Pop.

Opportunities for musicians and fans to communicate through real-time chat will also be provided via the U+ Idol Live app.
• KARD Sets To Go “LIVE In Your Living Room” With Upcoming Online Mini-ConcertWhat are you doing in the afternoon?BTS member V, who was recently crowned as The Most Handsome Man in The World 2020, has been termed as the 'visual representative of K-pop' by K-media. Read below for more details.

BTS celebrates popularity at an extremely global level with its ARMY growing in millions. Thanks to their addictive tunes, meaningful words and impressive performances, ARMY can't get enough of the septet. While most fans are OT7, there are also ones who have their personal bias to one of the members. V, in particular, has been getting a lot of attention for his handsome looks and vocal talent. Moreover, Taehyung was recently crowned as The Most Handsome Man in The World 2020 by the ranking channel, Top 10 World.

TaeTae beat the likes of Zayn Malik, Robert Pattinson, Chris Hemsworth, Tom Cruise and Hrithik Roshan. As of now, the Singularity singer holds 15 handsome titles and counting. A Brazillian surgeon was so bowled over by V's facial features that he called him perfect. "Taehyung's facial features are beautiful yet very different from the Korean standards. His face is very symmetrical and it’s very pleasing to the eye. So yeah... he’s basically perfect," the surgeon gushed.

There's also the fact that vocally, TaeTae is extremely talented and has also started indulging in songwriting. His solo track, Sweet Night, which is a part of the Itaewon Class OST, helped V earn the #1 spot on the iTunes Song Chart in 87 countries, beating PSY's record of the Korean soloist with the most #1's, who got 86 #1's for Gangnam Style.

Hence, K-media including Naver and Dispatch bestowed Taehyung with the term, 'Visual representative of K-pop' for all his achievements that have been getting global recognition.

ALSO READ: Break The Silence: V CONFESSES he can't live without BTS members: When we fall, I don’t get back up by myself

We have to agree with K-media as TaeTae is truly a wonderful talent!

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueFive K-pop groups you need to follow now you know BTS and BLACKPINK

When K-pop exploded into western culture in the later half of the 2010’s, the music world as we knew it was shook. Acts like BTS and BLACKPINK smashed the Billboard charts and broke YouTube records. They’re performing at major US and UK awards shows and festivals like Coachella, selling out arenas, collaborating with massive artists, and winning over millions of fans with their unstoppably catchy genre-defying mix of pop, hip-hop, EDM and more.

Who are these flawless creatures who can sing, dance, rap, and act, and all at the same time? What is going on in South Korea, and why is their music so damn catchy?

The world of K-pop is vast, and complicated. And with new groups debuting every week, finding the best groups and freshest tracks can be a hyper-real YouTube nightmare too overwhelming to dive into. So here’s five noteworthy groups that are a must-listen for any discerning new K-pop fan looking to dive a little deeper.

EXO aren’t in any way newcomers, but are a must-listen if you’re interested in K-pop. They debuted in 2012 and have 7 albums under their belt, not to mention live albums, Japanese albums, and multiple subunit side projects, solo releases, and collaborations. They were also named power celebrities by Forbes Korea every year from 2014 – 2018, have multiple massive endorsement deals, sold out the Olympic Gymnastics Arena in Seoul five nights in a row (for reference – that’s the equivalent of 21x Rod Laver Arenas), and have sold literally millions and millions of records.

Featuring leader Suho, and current members Xuimin, Kai, Chanyeol, Baekhyun, Sehun, Lay, D.O., and Chen, the group are one of the biggest K-pop groups of all time, and aren’t showing signs of slowing down. Their latest album, Obsession, was released at the end of 2019 and marked not only a new concept of dual personalities, darker visuals, complex emotions, and hyper-real imagery of the members as good and evil doppelgängers, it also is the first album the group have released with members missing from promotions due to mandatory 21-month military enlistment (Xuimin enlisted in May, D.O. will in July).

Dark and sexy, the title track is predominantly EDM and hip-hop based, with warped and distorted vocal effects playing off their dual personality concept, layers and layers of samples, and a heavy dance beat.

And what’s a K-pop video without the visuals? Exo are famous for their choreography, and their key dancers (particularly Kai) show off what makes them so damn good. Sharp lines, flawless synchronisation, popping and locking weaved into smooth body rolls and contemporary moves. The clip finale above culminates in an intense world-class dance battle between the good and evil doppelgängers. What’s not to love?

Originally debuting as a quartet in 2014, and now featuring five members, Red Velvet are regarded as one of the most popular girl groups currently active. They’ve had nods from Billboard and Time Magazine, and received several awards for their music, choreography, and popularity. The group are also hailed as one of the country’s most talented idol groups and considered a major contributor to the initial worldwide explosion of K-pop, according to the director of the Korea Foundation for International Cultural Exchange.

Featuring members Irene, Seulgi, Wendy, Joy, and Yeri, Red Velvet have released two studio albums, one reissue album, one compilation album, and nine EP’s. They were the first Korean girl group to hit the top spot of the US iTunes Album Chart, and went on to top the chart again 3 times in a singular calendar year.

True to their name, Red Velvet have a unique sonic duality which often combines sensual, colourful, powerful and sophisticated concepts. Through their lyrics and aesthetics they have come to epitomise the image of modern, strong, elegant and complicated young women, an element that was missing from K-pop concepts before their debut. Their music also ties in to the theme, as they sing about a wide spectrum of topics and emotions, and merge together genres – predominantly pop and hip-hop with 90’s RnB.

Their latest release ‘The ReVe Festivale’ Finale (the third part in a release trilogy) gave us lead single “Psycho” in December last year, complete with an uber-glamorous video filled with elegant and dark costumes and smooth, sultry dance moves as they croon about the emotional ups and downs of a relationship.

Dozens of rookie K-pop groups debut every year, but not many have made such an impressive first steps into stardom as Ateez. The 8-member group only debuted at the end of 2018, but in two short years they have proven to be ranked among the greats for their dramatic concepts, flawless and powerful dance routines, and catchy AF singles.

Making their first live appearance on M Countdown with single “Pirate King”, the group went on to win a wash of Rookie awards, along with the Fans Choice award At Mnet Asian Music Awards, Next Generation Award at Golden Disc, and Best Performance at Soribada. They also embarked on their first ever world tour – taking them across Europe, Asia, Russia, and even Australia. For a group so young, this is an incredibly impressive feat.

One of the stand-out remarks for Ateez has always been their intense and powerful performance. Blending powerful hip-hop elements and melodious electronic dance music sounds, members Hongjoong, Seonghwa, Yunho, Yeosang, San, Mingi, Wooyoung and Jongho utilize their unique knack for blending huge pop hooks with passionate chants in an almost call to arms for any listeners to come join in on their one-of-a-kind music intensity.

Recent single “Answer” comes off their Treasure Epilogue : Action To Answer EP, marking the band’s fifth release together after just 15 months. The song puts an emphasis on irresistible top line melodies and heart fluttering pre-choruses while still staying true to the band’s tribal-like verse and chorus chant deliveries. The video is downright cinematic, with beautifully bleak scenery, multiple costume changes, synchronised dance moves, and a healthy serving of bonus hip thrusts.

If Red Velvet are the sultry, sophisticated older sisters of K-pop, Twice are the bubblier, brighter, more bubblegum younger siblings. Don’t think that makes them any less powerful, Twice are the best-selling K-pop girl group of all time.

The group is composed of nine members: Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu and debuted in 2015 after being formed on reality show ‘Sixteen’. Within their first year, the group had already topped the GAON Digital chart and won “Song of the Year” at two major music awards. Within 19 months, Twice had sold over 1.2 million units of their four EPs and special album.

Praised for their polite media presence, teamwork, and unique and individual charms and personalities, Twice quickly became household names among the Korean and Japanese public, with four members being ranked in the 2019 list of top 20 ‘favourite’ Idols.

Their bright and catchy music which leans heavily on energetic pop, electro-pop, and dance music influences, along with charismatic point choreography (many of which have gone viral as memes, Tik Tok dances, and even imitated by other celebrities), as well as consistently killing the matching outfit game, has poised Twice as a group difficult to match.

2019 single “Feel Special” is the title track off their Eighth EP, and was their 12th music video to reach 200+million views (let that sink in). Highlighting their vibrant and uplifting aesthetic, with groove laden bass and quirky synth, the track weaves between soaring atmospheric verses and perky pop raps, all wrapped up in a glittering hyper-colour music video showcasing each members distinct personalities in their own individual sets and concepts.

Brought together from auditions held in South Korea, Thailand, Los Angeles, and Hong Kong, Got7 debuted in 2014 from one of the more eclectic mix of backgrounds and circumstances, and consists of seven members: JB, Mark, Jackson, Jinyoung, Youngjae, BamBam, and Yugyeom.

Describing themselves in the beginning as predominantly a hip-hop group, they drew instant attention for their live stage performances, which often included elements of martial arts tricking, b-boy styles, and street dancing. Their first album shot straight to #1 on the Billboard world charts. But by the end of that year, the group began to move slightly away from their martial arts and b-boy style choreography beginnings, and Got7 as we know them now was born.

Their more recent releases also incorporate delicate aesthetics, haunting ballads, modern concepts, and flawless pop vocals. They really are the epitome of K-pop at its best: bringing together a wide range of influences and styles and merging them together into something brand new and unique.

Since their debut, Got7 have not slowed down. From topping charts, to touring the world, to launching sub-units, solo releases, and collaborations, not to mention members finding the time to act in wildly popular K-dramas, Got7 ended 2019 by winning their first ever Daesang (Grand Prize) at 4th Asia Artist Awards for Performance of the Year, and at #4 on Billboard’s Year-End Social 50 Artists Chart.

Flip to 2020, and they have arguably released their best work to date. Single “Not By The Moon” off their eleventh EP Dye is a permanent pledge of love. Mournful, romantic, and powerful, the single layers classical instrumental elements with cascading synth and building drum beats as the song struggles between the light and the dark. Complete with a Romeo + Juliet themed video as princes donning iron masks and feathers, and contrasting outfits of black and white, Got7 continue to enchant their fans seven years later.

CHECK OUT MORE TOP FIVES HERE

DOOLIE REVEALS HER TOP FIVE INSPIRATIONS BEHIND HER DEBUT MIXTAPE

 ELECTRO-TINGED SOUNDTRACKS TO COMPLETE YOUR GAMER TRANSFORMATION IN ISOLATION

 BIBLEMAMI’S TOP FIVE QUARANTINE TIKTOKERSMANILA — If you think you have what it takes to become a K-pop star, then here’s your chance.

SM Entertainment, home to names such as Super Junior, EXO, Girls’ Generation, and Red Velvet, have announced the opening of their online auditions this year — and yes, Filipinos can apply this time.

According to their website, interested applicants will only need to send their photos and video or audio files via email directly to the company’s casting directors. More details can be found here.

SM Entertainment has been making calls for overseas talent since 2006. Last year, they accepted entries from Japan, Indonesia, US, Canada, Thailand and Vietnam.

Some names who have been discovered through the audition process include Amber, a former member of f(x), Wendy and Joy from Red Velvet, Yuta, Mark, Renjun, and Johnny from NCT, and Ten, Lucas, Kun, and Yangyang from WayV.

SM Entertainment is one of Korea’s largest entertainment companies widely considered as being one of the forerunners that introduced K-pop to the world.SHINee, arguably one of K-pop's most influential groups, found themselves trending after their fans aka 'Shawols' decided to list all the ways they have paved for the younger generation of South Korean idols.

Since their debut in 2008, SHINee have gone on to win numerous awards and have helped redefine K-pop musically and lyrically. They are also one of the groups that helped define the K-pop fashion and aesthetic. Their contributions to the industry have earned them the title 'Princes of K-pop'. So it comes as no surprise that fans are taking their time to shower the band with appreciation for all they have done.

Some fans were a little unsure of why the hashtag was trending, but they weren't complaining. One fan said, "Dunno why #SHINeePavedTheWay is trending but they definitely paved the way for my decade-long kpop/dance journey so i am HERE FOR IT," while another shared, "I have no idea why this is trending all of a sudden, but facts are facts! #SHINeePavedTheWay."

The hashtag, it appears, stems from multiple SHINee fan groups coming together to celebrate the group’s accomplishments, particularly, how they helped reshape an entire industry, including their contributions to K-pop fashion as well as helping revolutionize K-pop dancing and choreography. The fan added, "They're basically the contemporary band which SM used as a 'guinea pig' for each new genre they touch on. Before SHINee, it's arguable that each genre may have been used before, but SHINee make them popular. (sic)"

SHINee has continued to remain one of the top-selling acts in South Korea since their debut. Jonghyun committed suicide at the age of 27 in December 2017.

Fans quickly jumped in on the hashtag to add more instances of SHINee redefining the K-pop industry. One fan tweeted, "SHINee was one of the first K-POP groups who was perfectly synchronized and had knife-sharp moves in their choreography. They paved the way for hard choreos in K-pop," including a video of the boys practicing their 'Lucifer' dance in a video that went viral among the K-pop community at the time.

Others recalled the time when they first came across the group. "When I first got into kpop a few years ago, literally every kpop fan I came across was either a shawol or SHINee fan. There was nothing but respect and admiration for SHINee regardless of their main fandom. Good times," tweeted one fan. Another shared, "#SHINeePavedTheWay is trending and I miss 2010! I’ll forever be Shawol. My first group that got me into kpop! Makes me miss 2nd gen kpop soooo bad."

Some fans recalled some epic SHINee moments, including this fan who joked, "A moment for the months that Taemin had to deal with being called a women during Lucifer era all because he had beautiful long hair." Another fan said, "I don't even know why shinee is trending but I WANT GRANDPA MINHO ERA BACK RN." Admittedly, when it comes to the all-too-recognizable K-pop style, hair and makeup, SHINee was one of the groups that pioneered the modern look.

Many fans shared their favorite SHINee songs, including this fan who tweeted, "One of the best debut songs in Kpop history. Don’t even bother fighting me on that #SHINeePavedTheWay," along with a video of the group's song 'Replay', which remains one of their biggest hits.

Another fan pointed out, "Let's talk about how 14y/o taemin did the replay dancebreak and devoured the center since then," highlighting how young the SHINee members were when they embarked on this journey to becoming one of the most influential South Korean groups of all time.

One fan also stated, "Shinee’s japanese discography is untouched... she’s top tier #SHINeePavedTheWay."

Other fans shared their favorite things about the group, including "Best team work," and "Unproblematic & successful. periodt."

Some fans subtly called out other fandoms for making similar claims about their idols' contributions to K-pop's success. One cheekily tweeted, "Well this is actually true #SHINeePavedTheWay." Another said, "Love seeing actual facts in this toxic place #SHINeePavedTheWay." When it comes to the art of throwing subtle shade, it's no surprise that fans of Shinee would be aces at it. After all, member Key is infamous for his sass, wit and ability to subtly poke fun at everyone — from fellow idols to his bosses, fans and beyond.

And as more Shawols continue to flood the internet with the hashtag with their favorite SHINee moments to prove that #SHINeePavedTheWay, one fan declared, "This is #SHINeeMonth."Kabar IPO Big Hit sebenarnya bukan isu baru. Berita ini sudah terdengar ke permukaan pada awal 2020, saat agensi tersebut menunjuk JP Morgan Chase and Co., perusahaan asal AS untuk melengkapi prasyarat IPO mereka.While our favorite K-pop idols are lovely, kind-hearted people who in all likelihood would never hurt a fly, some of them definitely have a few tricks up their sleeves. From martial arts prowess to straight-up swole-ness, these 12 idols could most certainly hold their own in a fight. You’d definitely want them on your team when things start to get scary!

Kim Yo Han is way more than just a talented performer – he’s also a taekwondo genius! He made the national reserve team for the sport, and he won two national youth championships. In the end, he left his medals behind to pursue the idol life, but he can definitely still throw down when he needs to.

Eunseo may be WJSN’s lead rapper, but she probably could have had a career as an athlete too! She’s proved her capabilities at more than one “Idol Star Athletics Championships” event, including the 2019 ssireum (traditional Korean wrestling) event during which she defeated fromis_9’s Song Ha Young with this rather impressive takedown. Definitely don’t mess with her!

Keep watching the 2019 Chuseok “Idol Star Athletics Championships” here!

Stray Kids’ Felix is best known for his soothing, deep voice and ethereal visuals – but did you know that he’s also a third-degree black belt in taekwondo? He’s demonstrated his capabilities on a couple of different programs, and his flexibility and strength are no joke. Next time you need some backup, Felix is the one to call!

Another K-pop idol with some crazy martial arts skills, Yoon Bomi is also a third-degree black belt in taekwondo. Her grace and total control when showing off her abilities are intimidating for sure, but she somehow manages to keep an adorable smile on her face the entire time. She says it best herself: when she’s on the mat, she’s not Apink’s Bomi – she’s Taekwondo Girl Bomi!

As it turns out, there are enough third-degree black belts in K-pop to form a national team of their own! Former I.O.I-member-turned-soloist Jeon Somi has also earned her stripes at the dojang (the Korean word for a taekwondo training hall) and she’s got the skills to prove it. Even in a pair of jeans, she executes some flawless moves!

In addition to some pretty crazy martial arts capabilities, GOT7’s Jackson was also a junior champion fencer before he decided to become an idol. He was on the Hong Kong national team before moving to South Korea, and his lightning-fast sabre skills are nothing to shake your head at. He’s totally jacked (no pun intended), which is terrifying in and of itself, but armed with a fencing foil? We’d be running for sure.

Amber’s bold personality and tomboyish style has always made her a standout in the K-pop industry, but her taekwondo skills are impressive too! She spends a lot of time at the gym, which adds to her powerful strikes and her intimidating persona (which hides her true sweet and goofy personality!). She’d definitely have your back in a fight.

Baekho earned the nickname “Sexy Bandit” during his time on season 2 of “Produce 101,” and for a very good reason: his buff physique and smoldering glare could definitely leave fans quaking in their boots. But that’s not the only thing he brings to a fight: he’s also highly trained in kumdo, which is a Korean derivative of the Japanese martial art form kendo. You wouldn’t want to be on the wrong end of that sword!

What GFRIEND’s lead dancer Yerin lacks in training, she makes up for in sheer force of will! Her totally blasé attitude while skinning a lizard on “Law of the Jungle” was honestly pretty scary, and she looks all too comfortable handling that big knife. Who knows what she’d be able to do given the opportunity to get into a real fight! Don’t cross her.

See more from “Law of the Jungle”!

He’s BTS’s Golden Maknae for a reason – he’s good at pretty much everything he does, including a variety of athletic events from taekwondo to boxing to ssireum. His sweet visuals bely some truly toned muscles, and even the other members of BTS aren’t safe from his strength. Golden Maknae for the win!

Don’t miss the rest of the 2016 “Idol Star Athletics Championships” New Year’s Special!

Her bright personality and beautiful voice has earned Kim Sejeong a lot of fans as a former member of I.O.I and now as a member of gugudan, but that’s not all she’s known for! She’s incredibly strong, able to lift variety show host Defconn with ease and even saving BTOB’s Yook Sungjae during their time on “Law of the Jungle.” She’d totally have you covered if things got a little too scary!

Don’t miss the latest episode of “Law of the Jungle”!

Choi Siwon’s strong visuals and smooth voice make him incredibly powerful already, but he’s not just the group’s muscle (although he’s certainly packing a lot of that too!). For a while he was the youngest person in South Korea to hold a fourth degree black belt in taekwondo, and it seems that he hasn’t lost any of his prowess since becoming an idol superstar. He’s the epitome of tall, strong, and handsome, and you’d definitely want him on your side in a fight!

Which idol would you want backing you up in a fight? Tell us in the comments section!K-pop is a music genre that welcomes and encapsulates all other genres within. Aside from Korean rock bands like Nell and Hyukoh, K-pop/rock groups such as DAY6 and CNBLUE, and idol groups known to have mastered the rock genre like DreamCatcher (to name a few), some other idols — soloists and groups — have experimented with rock.

To look more in-depth into their versatility, here is a list of K-pop artists who gave rock a try (and rocked it!).

Kim Heechul paired up with TRAX’s Kim Jung Mo to form “M&D,” which stands for “Midnight and Dawn.” The duo picked rock as their signature style and released a fair share of songs where they showed off their talent. To take you back to where it all started, check out their first-ever single “Close Ur Mouth,” composed and played by Jung Mo and written and performed by Heechul.

Younha is no stranger to rock. Her music is heavily influenced by the genre that her signature sound is a mix of piano rock and modern ballads that she has carried with her since debut. This following sweet tune would appeal to ballad and rock lovers alike.

Another idol to bring back laid-back rock music to the table is Suho in his debut release as a solo artist. In his title track “Let’s Love,” he sends us on an emotional journey through warm lyrics that perfectly match the slow-tempo instrumental.

G-Dragon has explored many concepts throughout the years, and rock is no exception. In fact, “Crooked” from his album “Coup D’Etat” happens to be one of his most memorable releases. The single embodies a pop-ish punk rock sound that is vividly represented through the lyrics, the instrumentals, and the visual performance.

Sunggyu’s story with rock started way before he became an idol. When he was in high school, he was part of a rock band called Coma Beat. Later, he auditioned in the hopes of becoming a rock singer but he ended up being signed as an idol. Nonetheless, Sunggyu’s passion lived as he finally got to make his dream come true via his solo debut “60 sec,” where he got to become one with his favorite genre.

Hyunsik is yet another group member who chose to venture into rock music as a solo artist. Infused with an indie vibe, this is the perfect combination for fans who appreciate both genres. The sentimental track sends listeners on an emotional rollercoaster while being serenaded by the mellow beat.

Throwback to BTS’s early years during the “Skool” trilogy era, where they made quite an explosive comeback with their promising hit “Boy In Luv.” The septet stays true to their musical identity, as they usually fuse genres just like they did with hip hop and rock in this track. Combine these two with a powerful performance and a rebellious attitude, and you get yourself quite the rock show!

If you ever want to host a rock-themed concert during a long drive, you definitely want “Tomorrow, Today” on your playlist. The drum intro alone beautifully encapsulates the genre, followed by the inspiring lyrics co-written by Jinyoung and JB. Adding their smooth vocals to the mix makes this duet a soft rock song that is simply perfect for field trip days.

Before WINNER came to be and Kang Seung Yoon became their leader, he briefly debuted as a soloist in 2013. He integrated rock in his early releases, namely “Wild and Young,” which literally screams rock n’ roll. This genre fits perfectly with Seung Yoon’s strong vocals and matches his wild and young aura. Enjoy the nostalgia!

B.A.P has always been known for their energetic and fiery style, and they have delivered again. Co-written by Bang Yong Guk, this song adopts a typical rock concept and invites the audience to party hard rock star-style and to keep their worries behind.

Pentagon has given us a taste of many genres throughout their music releases, and incorporating rock was only a matter of time. Behind the cheerful spring vibe lies a fun, alternative rock melody that was composed by Kino. It goes without saying that this song is set to get you on your feet and jam to it carefree!

What other K-pop idols have pulled off the rock genre? Let us know in the comments below!To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Chaeryeong of Itzy talked with fans for three hours.She apologized profusely when she mistakenly turned off the V Live application and came right back on again to bid another good morning.“It was the first time I used my own phone so please understand,” she said, as she started to break a sweat.The idol calmed herself by cutting into a kiwi.“I thought I was not good at anything, but turns out that I can cook quite well,” she said.She has chosen to go live in the morning since it is peaceful, after a morning stroll and a brunch. When she read a comment that said the viewer is in the middle of an online lecture, she apologized with a bashful smile.Staying at home due to COVID-19 precautions, the idol, an avid TV drama fan, has started watching one Ryujin strongly recommended.“I was watching the third episode and was so happy when our song ‘Icy’ came on,” she said, asking viewers to guess which show she meant.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/189854.Jeno and Jaemin of NCT Dream broadcast simultaneously on Naver’s V Live and Instagram Live, reminding fans of their upcoming online concert.Jeno confirmed that they were being broadcast on two channels lest fans get confused.“Why did we start livestreaming on the two?” began Jaemin.“We are dropping by shortly for our concert slated for May 10 ... kind of a rehearsal,” Jeno said, finishing the sentence.“I‘ve seen Super M and Way V (perform live via Naver’s Beyond Live channel) and you can videotelephone as well. I‘m looking forward to it,” said Jeno.“Would Seasonies be excited?” wondered Jaemin, referring tothe band’s fandom.“It is really unfortunate that we will not be able to see you in person,” he said, “but it would be great if you could enjoy our performance maybe with some food and grownup drinks if you are old enough.”“We came on only briefly to ask you to keep your expectations high for the concert, but it‘s so much fun talking to you that I want to stay on,” said Jaemin.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/189912.Jeong Yunho and Choi Jongho of Ateez kept fans up to speed and talked about Choi’s just-released video.“We wanted to surprise you with the livestream but while we were discussing how to do it, the announcement went up,” said Choi.Jeong congratulated him on his first clip, covering Baek Il-ho‘s “Here I Am Again,” which had released several hours prior.“The number of viewings is going up much faster than I expected,” said Choi. On condition that the video amasses 500,000 views, he promised to invite the singer of the original song and collaborate the next time. Choi admitted that it will not be easy to ask the singer to duet, but he said he would move heaven and earth to keep his word.“I have already chosen the next song to cover,” he went on. “I will only say that it is an unforgettable track from a drama OST.”Jeong also commented on Choi’s blooper scenes, saying he liked it.“I didn‘t know the outtakes would be included,” chuckled Choi.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/189846.Singer-songwriter Stella Jang talked about “Stella 1,” her first full-length album, in a short interview with the Kpop Herald.She started with double lead tracks “Reality Blue” and “Villain.”The former sings about the emptiness you feel after traveling, how when you feel as if everything will be okay and the emptiness inside will be filled somehow when you set out on a journey only to be faced with the harsh reality upon return. The latter delves into the two sides of human beings, she explained.It was not easy for the engineering major to veer into music.“The hardest part is to believe in yourself when nobody else believes in you,” said the musician. Another was to hang on to her belief when it took a long time to be recognized as good enough, and she struggled a lot, she confessed.Jang also talked about writing the lyrics for BTS’ “Friends.”She could only say “wow” when she learned that the song would actually be used by the band and with the help of her best friend who happened to be an avid fan, she incorporated the close bond of Jimin and V into words.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/189807.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=The popular Korean singer from girl group I.O.I has just released her first single after recently signing with Nicki Minaj’s labelPark Gyuri (right) with Koo Hara of the now defunct South Korean all-girl pop group Kara. Gyuri has admitted dancing in a nightclub before social distancing measures were eased. Photo: AFPTWICE is one of the world’s biggest girl groups, having sold more than six million albums worldwide. The group’s first music video in 2015, “ Like Ooh-Ahh ,” became the first K-pop debut track to reach 100 million views on YouTube, and the women sold-out most of the stops of their first world tour in 2019, including The Forum in Los Angeles. Of course, even upbeat music requires hard work, and TWICE wouldn’t be at the level they are without putting in the effort. In the Korean music scene in particular, the playing field is saturated with acts, and few truly make it — even fewer women. “Becoming famous, living up to people’s expectations, and feeling pressure are all things we feel,” says Jihyo. “Anyone in this position is not given the luxury of being strong all the time, whether it be physical or mental. You’re too exposed to so many people, so you always get both praise and a lot of criticism. We have to be careful about every little action we take to prevent it from bringing us down, and we try, but it’s not realistic. The only way to overcome [criticism and hindrances to your strength] is to ignore it and keep good people close.” Nowhere more does this come across more than in Twice: Seize The Light.For example, if you love Suga from BTS, then he's your bias in BTS. You can have a whole list of biases in each of the groups you listen to, thus creating a ~bias list~.GFriend will be performing in the online Kcon K-pop concert series.Much to the delight of their fandom worldwide, a number of artists have been dropping exciting comeback announcements and new music. From last week’s star-studded line-up, here are the top picks recommended to add to your K-Pop playlist.

Last Monday, NU’EST took over the K-Pop music scene with EP ‘The Nocturne’ and title track ‘I’m in Trouble’, seven months after dropping ‘The Table’. The quintet showcased a more mature style change from their previous uplifting sound, offering a new perspective on love.

“The album focuses on “nightfall,” a moment that everyone encounters daily, when more honest emotions arise. The album unravels various aspects of the night, by realistically expressing emotions that many can relate to,” read a YouTube post under the group’s ‘I’m in Trouble’ music video. “Instead of portraying ‘nocturne’ through the usual sentimental and gloomy mood, NU’EST uses various colours to express their emotions, illustrating “nocturne” as a song of the night”.”

Containing six tracks, their eighth EP was a success in Korea and seemed to be a local fan favourite as it climbed to the top of the iTunes albums chart in the UAE and in 12 other countries.

2. Day6’s EP ‘The Book of Us: The Demon’

The rock band continued their ‘The Book of Us’ album series with their latest musical offering. Fronted by title track ‘Zombie’, the eight-track EP ‘The Book of Us: The Demon’ was slightly darker than its predecessors, exploring the story of sentimental imbalance a demon can cause in one’s life.

Before its release last Monday, Day6 decided to temporarily halt all team activities and album promotions to focus on their mental well-being after some members were showing symptoms of psychological anxiety, JYP Entertainment confirmed.

3. EXO’s Chanyeol and DJ Raiden’s single ‘Yours’ (ft. Changmo, and Lee Hi)

Featuring funky guitar and retro synth-pop sounds, the disco-style R’n’B collaborative number captivated fans with the synergy of the quartet coming from various sonic styles, leading to becoming a hit in Korea and globally.

The feel-good song about the lingering feeling after a break-up topped the iTunes songs chart in countries such as the UAE, Saudi Arabia, India, the Philippines, Oman and Malaysia and was a success in Korea.

BVNDIT, an acronym for ‘Be Ambitious and Do It’, returned confident as ever with their EP ‘Carnival’ fronted by title track ‘Jungle’, declaring they are the queens in the jungle.

Their tropical-themed comeback was also a fan favourite, seen from some of their tracks’ ranking on the UAE songs iTunes chart. On Wednesday, the rookie girl group’s powerful tracks ‘Come and Get It’, ‘Jungle’ and ‘Carnival’ ranked in the top 10 on the UAE iTunes all-genre songs chart, proving to be the next K-Pop group to look out for.

Just in time for springtime, BOL4’s Ahn Ji Young dropped her five-track EP and title track ‘Hug’ co-composed and written by the singer-songstress herself. Just ahead of its release, she dropped a pre-release single ‘Leo’ featuring EXO’s Baekhyun.

Part of BOL4’s ‘Puberty Book’ that delves into the various emotions of the youth especially that of love, the newest instalment is the first release as a soloist following the departure of her former bandmate and guitarist Woo Ji Yoon last month.Kaachi, el grupo que fusiona el K-Pop con la cultura británica Quiere abrirse un lugar entre los fans de este género

Conoce a Coco, Nicole, Dani y Chunseo, integrantes de Kaachi, un grupo británico que quiere hacerse un espacio en el K-Pop.

'Your Turn', primer sencillo de Kaachi, busca reunir lo mejor del género del pop coreano con un toque británico y, de esta manera, llegar a diversas audiencias del mundo.

La diversidad que manejan al fusionar la cultura británica y el K-Pop, no se queda ahí, puesto que las integrantes de Kaachi son de varias nacionalidades (España, Corea y Reino Unido), lo que derivado en un sin fin de opiniones encontradas entre los fans del género que ya pudieron escuchar su música.

Luego de mostrar sus habilidad en un showcase, los fanáticos del K-Pop han identificado algunas debilidades en cuanto a su entrenamiento, comparado con el que realizan los ídolos coreanos antes de debutar.

Sin embargo, tu opinión es la más importante, por lo que aquí te dejamos su primera canción que, como dijimos, se titula 'Your Turn'.For a lot of us K-pop fangirls, knowing our fave idols' MBTI personality type is one way for us to feel closer to them.



The MBTI, or Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, composes of 16 personality types and is seen as a brief insight into how people make decisions, how they tend to interact with other people, and how they see challenges.



Of course, there are some people who don't *totally* believe in it (FYI, it's advised to take the MBTI with a grain of salt), but it's still a pretty cool way to know people's personalities.



So let's get right to it and get to know the personality types of our fave Korean idols!

A similar trait among analysts is that they are all imaginative, curious, and innovators.

As a person who takes something they believe in and does something about it, ENTJs are decisive people who know what they want and dive in headfirst to achieve it.



Idol/s with this personality type: SNSD's Tiffany Young



The ENTP, or the debater, enjoys challenging the status quo as they are known to enjoy rebuilding and reconstructing ideas.



Idol/s with this personality type: Day 6's Young K and Stray Kids' Hyunjin



As introverts, INTJs like to pause and think to themselves first before taking action.

Although identified as introverts, INTPs tend to take things in their own hands as they have a different way of approaching things.



Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' Jin and DAY6's Jae



Being altruistic and inspirational, these types tend to have a very strong influence on the people around them.

INFJs tend to approach life with seriousness and have a deep connection with their imagination. Fun fact: INFJ is the rarest personality type, "accounting for roughly 1.5 percent of people who take the test."

Idol/s with this personality type: GOT7's JB and SEVENTEEN's Wonwoo, Woozi, and The8



INFPs are the type of people who look for the good in the worst people or situations. Fun fact: Did you know that only 4 percent of the population in the world are INFPs? An interesting piece of information considering that in South Korea, INFPs compromise 10.61 percent of the population, making INFP the top MBTI type in the country.

Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' RM, Suga, and JK, GOT7's Yugyeom, DAY6's Wonpil, and SEVENTEEN's S.Coups, Dokyeom, Hoshi, and Jun

ENFJs are people who love reaching out and helping other people. These people have strong values and ideas that are backed with passion and a whole lot of charisma.

Idol/s with this personality type: GOT7's Jackson, ITZY's Lia and Yuna, DAY6's Sungjin, BTS' Jimin, TXT's Beomgyu, SEVENTEEN's Mingyu, Joshua, and Dino, and Stray Kids' Bang Chan

ENFPs scream energy! These types of people absolutely love big ideas and are free spirits who look for things that go beyond simple excitement. They also enjoy getting to know people on a deeper level.

Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' V, TXT's Huening Kai, UNIQ's Woodz, SEVENTEEN's Seungkwan and Vernon, and Stray Kids' Changbin and Felix

The sentinel personality types all have some sort of leader vibe to them. They're very warm and are ready to defend the people close to them.

ISTJs are very methodical. Being logical, sticking to their morals, and tirelessly committing to duty, having an ISTJ is crucial to any family, group of friends, or organization. ISTJs actually compromise about 13 percent of the population.

ISFJs are adorably unassuming and pay attention to every little detail they observe from you. Though they're pretty conservative, they develop their social skills and can create meaningful relationships with lots of people.

Idol/s with this personality type: ITZY's Yeji, GOT7's Jinyoung and Youngjae, SNSD's Taeyeon, TVXQ's Changmin, and SEVENTEEN's Jeonghan

You can consider an ESTJ as a solid pillar you can hold onto as they tend to have a textbook understanding of what is right and wrong.

The ultimate extroverts, ESFJs enjoy taking part in community activities and supporting their friends and families. They are people-focused and, because of this, very popular.

Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' JHope, ITZY's Chaeryeong, and Stray Kids' Seungmin, I.N, and Lee Know.

As the name suggests, these personality types are very bold and spontaneous. They are versatile and are not afraid to try new things that they are passionate about.

ISFPs are artists and don't appreciate being boxed into a stereotype.



Idol/s with this personality type: EXO's Baekhyun, TWICE's Mina and Jihyo, TXT's Soobin, and DAY6's Dowoon

ISTPs can easily accomplish a task when they're left to themselves. They also love to explore and rationalize anything that piques their curiosity.

ESTPs are very energetic and like to take any and every opportunity they can get. They adore lively conversations and tend to stray away from theory and abstract concepts.

ESFPs are the type of people who believe in the saying "no man gets left behind," as they love energetic conversations and interactions

Don't know your MBTI personality type yet? You can take the test here.“Whenever I listen to this song, the song makes me comfortable. The song is very smooth, and I can feel various emotions. Sometimes I feel stuck as we continue to be in self-quarantine because of the COVID-19 outbreak. Whenever it happens, I listen to this song and the song comforts us. For now, A.C.E will try our best to keep practicing to show better performances and songs, waiting for the moment that we can meet our fans in near future!” - A.C.E’s Jun

“I recommend this song, as it goes well with the current weather in Korea. Also it is the song by EDEN, who is the senior producer at our company. It has a meaning that anywhere in our daily lives can become heaven. It would be great if you can listen to this song with your family and close friends next to you!” - ATEEZ’s Jung Woo Young

“It’s really impressive how the lyrics of the song interpreted the word ‘psycho’ in a different light. I’m constantly touched by the beautiful melody, and the more I hear it, the more I feel happy and sad at the same time. ... I think the song really is ‘psycho.’” The Boyz’s Q

“‘Nothing’ is one of those songs I can listen to whenever, and the music is just so calm! The lyrics and the melody make it a nice song to listen to, and the instrumental and chord arrangements make it music to my ears. I especially enjoy listening to it before sleeping!” - The Boyz’s Jacob

“The lyrics are positive, and now that the weather is getting warmer, you can refresh and chill by listening to this track.” - CLC’s Yeeun “I can imagine the sea right in front of us, just listening to this song at home alone. It would be good to listen to this song in the upcoming summer season in Korea, as the song has an exciting tempo, making people feel good. Additionally, the lyrics are impressive, like our song 'BAZOOKA!' as it comforts us not to worry too much.” - GWSN’s Lena

“This is a song that I listen to quite often while I’m home. I think it’ll be nice to think that so many of us who are staying at home are listening to the same song as we try to overcome COVID-19.” - LOONA’s Kim Lip

“I recommend this song to encourage everyone to stay home to help stop the spread of COVID-19, to flatten the curve and do our part to help the frontline workers. Let’s all hang in there a little bit more during these difficult times!” - LOONA’s Yves

"I’d also like to add this song because it makes me feel both excited and calm at the same time. I love listening to the original from Aretha Franklin, as well as all the covers!" - TWICE’s Tzuyu21 years ago, Lee Hyori, Ock Joo Hyun, Lee Jin and Sung Yuri embarked on a journey that would end in their names etched in K-Pop history.

When it comes to naming groups that helped shape K-Pop as we know it today, Fin.K.L. comes to mind. Despite their short run as a group, Lee Hyori, Ock Joo Hyun, Lee Jin and Sung Yuri redefined the music industry and showcased a new sound that was out of the ordinary.

From 1998 to 2005, the group produced a number of unforgettable hits and set brand new records—all of which helped them etch their name in K-Pop history.

To celebrate their influence, let’s wind the clock back to 1998: when Fin.K.L. became K-Pop pioneers with an “Eternal Love.”

In the spring of 1998, Fin.K.L broke out on the music scene with “Blue Rain.” Lee Hyori, Ock Joo Hyun, Lee Jin and Sung Yuri broke out onto the music scene with an R&B ballad, which was a contrast to the upbeat and cutesy music that was popular in the music industry at the time.

The quintet also released “To My Boyfriend,” a pop song that was more aligned with the popular trends at the time. The song, which showcased their individual personalities and charms as a group, helped them cement their place in the music industry by becoming the group’s first chart-topping hit.

Before their first year as a group ended, Fin.K.L. took home the New Artist of the Year at the 1998 Golden Disc Awards and the Best Newcomer Award at the 1998 KMTV Gayo—cementing their place in the music industry.

Becoming K-Pop Pioneers With An “Eternal Love”

Fin.K.L. became more popular in their second year in the industry, with the release of their second album White. This album, which was lead by the tracks “Eternal Love” and “Pride,” sold almost 700,000 units. “Eternal Love” became the group’s second hit, topping the charts four weeks after its release.

The group also released a limited release album in the form of S.P.E.C.I.A.L., which helped the group become the first girl group to take home two daesangs from the Seoul Music Awards and the SBS Music Awards—despite its limited promotion schedule.

In 2000, the quartet began the shift from releasing catchy and cutesy tunes to highlighting their more mature and edgy vocals. Their third album, Now, was evidence of this: as the group dressed up in semi-formal outfits for music show performances and worked their way to the charts with a more rock-inspired sound.

Two years later, the group would release their last studio album in the form of Eternity. Its lead single, “Forever,” was a heartrending ballad that talks about waiting for a lost lover and a music video that portrayed four tragic stories about the loss of innocence.

A Reunion “Just Like The Song That Remains”

In 2006, the group went on an indefinite hiatus and Fin.K.L.’s members each developed their individual careers in the music industry. Lee Hyori and Ock Joo Hyun remained in the music industry and released their own solo music, while Lee Jin and Sung Yuri explored careers in television by hosting and acting in dramas.

Thirteen years later, however, Fin.K.L. would have their reunion through JTBC’s Camping Club, which featured the members traveling and looking back at their time as a group. In September 2019, they teamed up once more to release “Just Like The Song That Remains”—marking Fin.K.L’s first release since 2005.A minute-long video of a wave crashing screened on Korea’s biggest digital display at Coex K-pop Square has become the talk of the town, receiving local as well as international media coverage.



The video of wave crashing down, made using anamorphic illusion by design company d’strict titled “Wave,” makes the display panel seem like a giant glass tank holding water. The curved screen made such illusion possible, but the design and application took more than three months to develop.



The realistic representation of the force of nature grabs the attention of passersby with its deep blue color and lively motion.



“LED screens are usually set up in crowded metropolitan areas. We thought seeing an unexpected scene in the middle of tall buildings would grab people’s attention,” said Lee Sung-ho, CEO of d’strict. “We plan to get motives from nature moving forward so people can also experience healing within the city,” he said.



Samseong-dong in Seoul, where Coex is located, was declared Korea’s first free outdoor advertising zone in 2018, which means there is no restriction to the size or type of advertisement allowed on the billboards. This has allowed the Coex area to be transformed into Korea’s Times Square with large LED screens placed throughout the area. 



The large screen signage in Coex K-pop Square built in March, 2018 by Samsung Electronics, CJ Powercast and Korea International Trade Association is the largest LED screen in Korea, measuring 81 meters wide and 20 meters tall, enough to fit four basketball courts. 



The screen also serves as a public gathering place, screening events such as the World Cup, for which 40,000 people gathered in 2018, and movie festivals as well as New Year’s countdown.



With large LED screens becoming more available around the world, the demand for public media art that can be shown on the screens has also grown.



“In the future, more companies will have this kind of large-scale LED screens. These companies usually earn money from commercials on the screens, but there is also a demand for public media art. Making public media art every time is a burden for the companies, so we thought of making media art that people will enjoy and license it to screens around the world,” said Lee.



“Wave” was only supposed to be up on Coex K-pop Square for the month of April, but the positive reaction allowed it to be on display again starting May 20, and is now shown every 30 minutes for 90 seconds.



The billboard typically carries commercial advertisements, ranging from K-pop music videos to electronics goods.



The project was given for free to CJ Powercast, which holds 70 percent ownership of the billboard and manages it, but Lee hopes to earn profit from licensing the work to places like the Times Square in the future.



Another d’strict project, “Soft Body,” which was featured in Coex in April, shows everyday items approaching and colliding with the screen while making them look soft. The video is more surrealism art than realistic representation. The next project d’strict is preparing is the “Whale,” which will feature an imaginary whale swimming around in the big screen acting as a water tank.





While the Samseong-dong area is striving to turn into Korea’s Time Square, complaints of light pollution is something that need to be considered.



“Complaints about light pollution have been rising in Gangnam-gu since we allowed LED displays,” said a district official, who declined to provide further details.



Meanwhile, revisions to the Light Pollution Prevention Act which was passed by the National Assembly on May 12, will come into effect May 27. The act aims to prevent excessive artificial light that can harm people’s health or environment. The revision imposes heavier fines on violators and allows local governments to request inspection by the Light Pollution Examining Facility.



Complaints of light pollution have been steadily rising in Korea since 2014, reaching 7,002 cases in 2018. Of those, 3,870 (55.3 percent) were complaints regarding sleep disturbance and 1,399 (20 percent) were complaints regarding damage to crops, according to the Ministry of Environment.Some people want to watch the world burn, but most don't like playing with fire. (And no, we don't mean the BlackPink song.)

As protests erupted in the US over the killing of George Floyd, a black man who yelled "I can't breathe" while being pinned to the ground by a white police officer kneeling on him in Minneapoli, Minnesota, has caused widespread outrage in the United States and beyond.

Floyd, who was filmed by a bystander while being pinned to the ground by a police officer who held his neck to the ground with his knee for several minutes despite begging that he couldn't breathe.

In the footage that has since gone viral, Floyd can repeatedly be heard pleading "Please, please, I cannot breathe," while the police officer continued to choke him. Floyd, who is shirtless, also asks for watter, sputters, coughs and says that the knee was hurting his neck and his stomach. But the police officer does not loosen the hold.

Eventually, Floyd can be seen going limp under the cop.

As #BlackLivesMatter and #ICantBreathe took to social media to trend along with the protests, K-Pop fan accounts have come up with a way to give them visibility - by hiding the obvious social media stanning.

Usually, whenever a K-Pop artist releases a new live, song, or any content, fans usually trend the content with hashtags to get noticed, and it reaches the top of the trends. To prevent that from happening and visibility for the very important movement being side-tracked, K-Pop fan accounts are actively encouraging their followers to not trend K-Pop content.

And NCT's fandom, NCTzens, even as they won first place on MCountdown.

There were also many, many, more. The collective coming together of multiple fandoms showed how the K-Pop community knew when to let go of the spotlight for a bigger issue.The ballroom of the Hotel Pennsylvania in midtown Manhattan was packed with 300 or so nervous unknowns who’d come to audition in the hope of becoming K-pop stars. Posters lined the walls—glossy images of successful, beautifully manicured singers. This was the 2018 Global Audition held by SM Entertainment, one of the “Big Three” talent agencies in Korea.

Leo Lopez-Gonzalez was unsure why he was there, surrounded by people who seemed naturally beautiful, many of them glammed out in winged eyeliner and red-orange lipstick.

“And then there was little, ambiguous-featured me,” Leo, now 17, joked.

Leo’s best friend had urged him to come with her, just for fun. But she backed out at the last minute because of an earth sciences final the next day. So it was just Leo, then 15, standing in the ornate ballroom of the century-old hotel, slowly realizing just how intense this was going to be.

Sure, he liked to sing and dance, but Leo’s performing experience was limited to a year of choir at school and that time he played the male lead, Prince Slacker, in his eighth-grade production of the musical Haphazardly Ever After. By contrast, it seemed like everyone at the audition had been training for months, maybe years. Even the youngest, who looked maybe 10 years old, held themselves with professional poise.

K-pop, short for Korean pop music, has skyrocketed into a global phenomenon, becoming a more than $5 billion industry. At 2019’s Coachella, Blackpink became the first K-pop group to play an American music festival. The same year, MTV announced that it would introduce a new K-pop category at its annual Video Music Awards, a move seen by some as recognition of the genre’s global popularity, and by others as a way of excluding it from the top awards by creating a separate silo for Korean music. The monumentally popular boy group BTS is often seen as a measure of K-pop’s crossover success. Their “Boy With Luv” music video made YouTube history by racking up 74.6 million views in 24 hours, according to Market Watch, and they frequently collaborate with prominent artists like Ed Sheeran, and Halsey and The Chainsmokers.

The international appeal of K-pop attracts a diverse audience—nearly 100 million fans worldwide in 2019, according to the non-profit organization Korea Foundation. But who can be a K-pop star? Most successful K-pop groups are made up of impossibly slender, young men and women with small faces and long limbs. While there are some Chinese and Thai members, the vast majority are Korean.

Leo, who is broad-faced with an easy smile, has a Colombian mother and a part-Puerto Rican father. Like him, most of the hopefuls at the global audition were not Korean. But more recently, there have been efforts to diversify the industry. That year, 2018, SM Entertainment also held castings in countries around the world, including Thailand, Canada and Argentina.

In the Hotel Pennsylvania ballroom, Leo watched as dancers freestyled to Camila Cabello’s “Havana,” while actors performed a scene and models strutted and struck poses. The two judges, both very thin young women with orange-tinted lips—the trend du jour in Korea—watched with armored faces.

When Leo’s turn came, he strode in front of the judges and beamed. “I will be singing ‘Like I’m Gonna Lose You’ by Meghan Trainor,” he told them. He took a deep breath, channeled his inner Prince Slacker, and began singing.

Both too quickly and too slowly, it was over. Though Leo didn’t end up getting a callback, he couldn’t shake the thrum of pure excitement that overtook him. He loved the energy, the intensity. He knew, then, that he wanted to become a K-pop star, whatever the odds.

In a small classroom in East Harlem, five students read out Korean characters in unison. Leo, who that day had lavender hair and wore a black sweatshirt with “thanks for not texting me back” printed on front, was having trouble differentiating between “ guh ” and “ kuh ,” the characters set apart by just one stroke. He squinted at his textbook, Korean Made Easy for Beginners , and back at the whiteboard, propped up on top of a black Casio piano.

Their teacher, Sunyoung Kim, pointed at each character with a marker she’d pulled out from an empty tub of Fage Greek yogurt. Pictures of the K-pop girl groups Mamamoo and Girl’s Day hung on the wall.

Every Saturday at 3 p.m., Kim teaches Korean classes to a group of students, some of them “trainees,” at the Born Star Training Center, where, according to its website, “you will become a star.”

Born Star has nine “campuses” in South Korea, and is devoted to fostering the next wave of Korean celebrities. Since its founding in 2008, it’s cultivated several big-name idols, including Solar, a member of Mamamoo, and Woohyun Nam, a multi-skilled singer, songwriter, composer and actor. Its current director is Tae Won Kim, a Korean rocker whose signature look is long, pin-straight hair pulled back in a ponytail and sunglasses that hide his eyes at all times, accentuating a pinched, mousey face.

Born Star’s New York campus opened in 2010 and is the only center outside of South Korea. Kim has been teaching both language and vocal classes at the center for the past two years, and says she’s seen an increase in the number of trainees since the rise of groups like BTS.

And, despite some cultural differences between Korea and Western countries, Kim believes that “this K-pop sensation, the K-wave, can be translated to new cultures.”

Kim estimates that less than 10 percent of Born Star trainees in New York are Korean. In the language class, out of the half-dozen students, only one, Eli, was Korean. Rachell Delsez, 20, who sat next to Leo, is Hispanic, while Salsabil Elubuluk, the oldest of the trainees at 25, her hair tucked under a black head scarf and matching black beanie, is Sudanese. Learning how to speak Korean, along with vocal and dance lessons, is a prerequisite for becoming a K-pop star.

Leo’s life revolves around Born Star. After attending the High School for Language and Diplomacy in Manhattan’s Union Square, and remedial classes, he interned at Born Star almost every day before the coronavirus pandemic hit New York City. Leo also spent his weekends there, often six to 12 hours a day. Even when the school shut down due to stay-at-home measures, he snuck in—four times—to practice.

The first time Leo watched a K-pop music video, he was seven years old. He was sprawled on the white-tiled floor of his family’s one-bedroom home in Howard Beach, Queens, scrolling through his mom’s iPhone when he came across “Gee” by Girls’ Generation. In the video, the eight members pose as mannequins in a mall, wearing midriff-baring T-shirts, and glittering stacks of jewelry. As the mannequins come to life, each sings into the camera in cutesy, high-pitched tones, while wider shots show the group shimmying and popping in perfect synchronization.

“I had no idea what the hell was going on, but then I was like, Why do I want to watch it again?” Leo said with a laugh.

The bubblegum pop was a world away from the Tupac and The Notorious B.I.G. that his parents listened to. The energy of the meticulously choreographed dance was something he could “just feel,” even through the small screen of the phone.

Though Leo didn’t see much more K-pop in the few years after that, something about that first experience stayed with him.

“Everything else seemed bland,” he recalled.

Leo, who has since analyzed almost every music video and can talk endlessly about K-pop, said that his obsession wasn’t always well-received. Last year, he performed Blackpink’s “Kill This Love” for his school. It was “traumatic,” he says, because of the negative comments the video got. Someone even remarked that Leo was fat, “but that wasn’t offensive to me because I knew that .”

Born Star, to Leo, became a safe space. “It’s a close-knit community for sure,” he said with a wide grin. “We all have that common interest of K-pop.”

Kelly, a blonde trainee, agreed. “I was shy at first, but no ice breakers are needed,” she said.

At a dance class one Saturday, it certainly didn’t seem like anyone lacked confidence. Their eyes trained on the studio mirrors, Leo, Rachell and Salsabil popped and rolled their bodies to Mamamoo’s “Hip” as their instructor, Mee Jung, counted out beats. She’d just finished teaching an hour-long private lesson for an 8-year-old Korean boy, Brian, who left the class doused in sweat.

After Leo’s first audition with SM in 2018, he made his way to two more, one with JYP, another of the Big Three entertainment companies, and one with Big Hit. He kept in touch with the Born Star trainees he met, and, in February 2019, finally joined a class: vocal, with Sunyoung Kim.

Though Leo found the technical skills Kim taught fascinating, he did not attend another class because he could not afford it: A three-month course costs $1,050, ranging up to the most expensive, intensive program at $6,000 a year. (Salsabil works as a cashier at Target to pay for her classes, and Rachell worked full time at Line Friends before the pandemic.)

When Leo broached the topic with his mother, Isabella, she often said, “maybe later”—mom-speak for “probably not.” She later relented, and, until the citywide shutdown, Leo attended vocal, language and dance classes at Born Star.

Isabella herself, who moved from Colombia to the U.S. in 1989 when she was 12 years old, soon became enamored with K-pop. She is “100 percent supportive” of Leo’s dreams—she said she is confident that if she can make it in the U.S., so can her son—but school comes first. Education is important to the Lopez-Gonzalezes, especially as immigrants.

“For families of color, that’s where the opportunity is,” Leo said.

Over the past few decades, popular culture—from K-pop to Korean films and T.V. dramas—has become one of South Korea’s hallmark exports.

The South Korean government’s push to promote pop culture came in the late 1990s, while Asia grappled with a financial crisis. The government invested millions into forming a Ministry of Culture, which had a department devoted to K-pop.

The government regards K-pop as one of the highlights of South Korea, said John Lie, a professor of sociology at the University of California, Berkeley and the author of K-pop: Popular Music, Cultural Amnesia, and Economic Innovation in South Korea. In the summer of 2019, President Trump visited the country. His welcome party included both South Korean president Moon Jae-in and the boy group EXO.

“K-pop is made for export,” Lie said. “It’s intended to appeal to—and make money from—audiences from around the world.”

Despite its international target audience, K-pop is still largely seen as a monolithic industry, where you have to fit a very specific “look.” Salsabil, the oldest student at Born Star, recognizes that, as someone who isn’t Asian, has curves and dark skin, and is considered “old” for industry standards at 25, there are some real challenges to making it as a K-pop star.

“It feels like the agencies already have an ideal person in mind, even though it’s supposed to be an ‘open audition,’” said Salsabil. That ideal person is younger, already extremely talented and/or extremely good-looking. She’s been to seven auditions so far.

Asdry Vancamper, 22, quit Born Star once she grew disillusioned with seeing only Koreans getting picked at auditions. “It’s close to impossible,” Asdry, who is Dominican, said. While she still wants to pursue dancing professionally, she feels she must relegate K-pop to more of a hobby than a realistic dream.

Even those with Korean backgrounds find it tough to break into the industry. Fellow Born Star ex-trainee, Ashleigh Chang, 18, is half-Korean, half-Chinese. But she isn’t fluent in either language, which is a minus in producers’ books. “Because K-pop is so international, they really value fluency in other languages to break that barrier and reach a wider audience,” Ashleigh explained.

There’s also the issue of culture. Some non-Asian idols face backlash from Koreans, who feel protective over K-pop, especially given the lack of Asian representation in mainstream Western media. “They feel like Caucasians are infiltrating the one thing they have,” Ashleigh said.

Some K-pop fans even go so far as to accuse idols who aren’t Korean of cultural appropriation. Ashleigh recalled some non-Korean K-pop stars being branded “Koreaboos,” the borderline pejorative term for people who are so obsessed with Korean culture that they denounce their own.

The irony in the fact that producers don’t seem to want trainees who aren’t Korean, even as they target international audiences, isn’t totally lost on the K-pop hopefuls.

Leo made a deal with himself: He knows that age is yet another big factor in K-pop, so if he doesn’t make it by the time he hits 19, he’ll pivot to the American music industry.

“The skills learned here can be applied to other kinds of music, too. I can totally take this to the Latin-American music scene,” he said. “I mean, how many artists can sing, act, dance and write? It’s the whole package.”

And, if that doesn’t work out either, he’ll teach English abroad. But Leo is remaining optimistic. He thinks that the K-pop industry has been opening up more to foreigners over the past few years, with the caveat that they have mostly been other Asians or mixed Westerners.

“It could be a big marketing strategy for attention,” he mused. “Which sucks. But at least it’s an open door.”Big Hit Entertainment, the label of BTS and other K-pop stars, are launching their own talent show.
• Read more: BTS – ‘Map Of The Soul: 7’: Korea’s global heavyweights come of age and survey their already enormous legacy

I-Land will debut next month and aim to find the genre’s next superstar.

As reported by the South China Morning Post, Big Hit have created the show in collaboration with media company CJ E&M through their joint venture Belift Lab.

Actor, director, and screenwriter Min Nam-goong will present the new show, which launches on June 26 and will be shown on South Korean music TV channel Mnet. Singer Rain and rapper-producer Zico are set to be among the mentors on the show.

According to the report, the show has been in the works for a number of years, and auditions were held from March 2019 in Seoul, the US, Japan and more, targeting male applicants born between 1997 and 2008.

Big Hit released BTS’ most recent album ‘Map Of The Soul: 7’ back in February. Reviewing the album, NME wrote that the album saw “Korea’s global heavyweights come of age and survey their already enormous legacy.”

“‘7’ arrives after the longest gap between BTS releases (10 months in all) but, as an album full of big ideas, strong conviction and unguarded emotion, it’s more than worth the wait.”

Earlier this week, BTS member Suga released a new mixtape under his Agust D moniker. ‘D-2’ follows Suga’s recent collaboration with Halsey, performing on ‘Suga’s Interlude’ from the singer’s recent album ‘Manic’.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.It has been a big month for collaborations in K-pop - from singer IU and BTS rapper Suga to Vixx's Ravi and power vocalist Ailee. Here are 10 new K-pop and J-pop releases to check out.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The six-member girl group make a strong return with their ninth EP Look, cementing their status as one of K-pop's longest-running and consistently active girl groups.

Lead track Dumhdurum is a more mature dance track about masking heartbreak.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

A collaboration between IU (left), one of South Korea's most popular female soloists, and rapper Suga from hit boy band BTS, Eight is a breezy, upbeat track about a beautiful orange island that is charting well in Singapore.

With lyrics like "there is no gloomy ending there/ I'll see you in the memory forever", the song has been interpreted by many fans to be a tribute to IU's late friends, singer Jonghyun and singer-actress Sulli.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Fly With Me is the opening theme to Ghost In The Shell: SAC_2045, a Japanese-American animated series that premiered on Netflix last month. The futuristic track by J-pop group Millennium Parade is sung entirely in English and the colourful, animated music video is fun to watch.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Former Wonder Girls member Yeeun, now known as HA:TFELT, pours her heart out in this deeply personal album. It documents the darkest years of her life between 2017 and 2019, during which she battled suicidal thoughts.

The dark, poignant track, Life Sucks, addresses the singer's relationship with her estranged father, who is in prison for fraud and was also accused of sexually abusing minors.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

R&B singer-songwriter Suran teams up with Yesung, vocalist of long-time boy band Super Junior, for a bittersweet track about the return of spring and the enduring sadness of heartbreak.

WHAT ABOUT YOU

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

This track by boy band Vixx's Ravi and power vocalist Ailee is a cool diss track for former lovers who are bitter about, yet still enamoured of, each other.

At one point, Ravi raps: "Yeah I heard the good news/I heard your boyfriend cheated."

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

This spring-time duet - between soloist BOL4 and Baekhyun, one of boy band Exo's primary vocalists - uses piano and string instruments to create a melodious sound. The singers harmonise well too.

I JUST WANT TO STAY WITH YOU

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Hip-hop and R&B artist Zion.T lends his healing voice to the soundtrack of fantasy drama The King: Eternal Monarch, with this soulful ballad.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The rookie South Korean band's first mini album is a strong showcase for the members' talents, with ballads such as Enough and the alternative rock track About Time.

The cello, played by Hong Jin-ho, imbues all the tracks with a beautiful classical sound.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The four-piece J-pop band's latest album has many songs perfect for repeat listening - including Mela!, a fun track with a playful, animated music video; and Omoibito, a powerful love song.The solid power of BTS and their supportive ARMYs is really impressive!

Continuously making waves domestically and all over the world, South Korean boy group BTS is surely marking their name as one of – if not – the most successful male idol group of all time.

In the latest brand reputation rankings released by the Korean Business Research Institute, the phenomenal septet is able to top the list in May 2020. Notably, the group continues to impress as they scored the No.1 spot for two straight years now.

The rankings are grounded on various factors including consumer media, communication, and community indices. Particularly, the institute has extracted a huge amount of data from April 9 to May 9.

Dominating the list for 24 consecutive months is unsurprisingly none other than the worldwide idol group BTS. Out of the total 42,574,497 data analyzed by the institute, the group was able to score 8,802,820 this May.

Some of the high-ranking phrases from the group’s keyword analysis included “documentary”, “photobook”, and Suga’s recent collaboration with “IU.” The words such as “cancel”, “communicate”, and “speech” are also present as their highest-ranking related terms.
• BTS Announces Details For New Japanese Album “Map Of The Soul: 7 ~ The Journey ~”

Rising to take the second place is the charming and talented boy group ASTRO. After a striking 185.71 percent increase in their score since last month, the boys were able to obtain a brand reputation index of 2,836,195.
• ASTRO Shows Their Global Rise By Topping iTunes Album Charts Worldwide With “GATEWAY”

Maintaining their ranking at the third spot is EXO. The Nation’s representative boy group was able to acquire a brand reputation index of 2,748,905.

Completing our top-five list this month are NCT and WINNER who grabbed the fourth and fifth places, respectively.

Here are the other K-Pop boy groups who entered the Top 30 this May 2020:KATHMANDU: The second lineup of K-pop stars for KCON:TACT 2020 SUMMER was revealed on May 30, and by the looks of it, the online concert is going to a grand affair.

Power girl groups MAMAMOO and EVERGLOW will be setting the stage on fire, while boy groups Stray Kids, VICTON, ONEUS, VERIVERY, and CRAVITY will also be a part of the summer festival, reports Hellokpop.

Solo artistes who will be taking to the stage are Kang Daniel, Kim Jae Hwan, and Natty.

Fans will also get to enjoy online meet-and-greet sessions with Stray Kids, MAMAMOO, VICTON, ONEUS, VERIVERY, CRAVITY, and JO1.

Organised by CJ ENM, the first line-up of artistes revealed for KCON:TACT 2020 Summer were 10 of the hottest K-Pop acts — MONSTA X, The Boyz, PENTAGON, Golden Child, AB6IX, and TOO representing boy groups, with GFRIEND, IZ*ONE, LOONA, and NATURE bringing some girl power to the entertainment.

The concert will be live streamed this year due to the COVID-19 restrictions.

KCON:TACT 2020 Summer will be streamed live for 24 hours each day for the entire week of June 20 to 26.

The event will be broadcast on Mnet-Kpop’s official YouTube channel.

Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and FacebookSources say the lead dancer of Kaachi, Chunseo, has reportedly left the band, however, it has not been confirmed if this is true. Chunseo superfan, @chunseoluv, posted to Twitter: "Chunseo has officially left kaachi! Kaachi unfollowed Chunseo... Please look forward to her debut and support her!"

It has not been confirmed why she may have left, or if this is actually true, but it's possible she parted ways with her bandmates because of recent harsh rumors directed at them as a whole.After an initial delay due to the COVID-19 pandemic, new girl group SECRET NUMBER made their official debut on May 19.

SECRET NUMBER is a five-member girl group from Vine Entertainment. Denise and Jinny are from the United States, Léa is from Japan, Soodam is from South Korea, and Dita is from Indonesia. At the group’s debut showcase, Léa said, “We are the only K-pop team to feature such a diverse array of countries.”

Dita, who is the first Indonesian to debut in a K-pop girl group, said, “It feels embarrassing to say this myself, but I heard from my acquaintances that it’s become a big deal in Indonesia.”

SECRET NUMBER’s debut track, “Who Dis?”, is an urban hip hop dance track that was produced by American producers Melanie Fontana and Michel ‘Lindgren’ Schulz, who have worked with artists like Justin Bieber, The Chainsmokers, and BTS, and Korean producer Shark.

SECRET NUMBER said, “It’s an honor to be working with them despite the fact that this is only our debut. Because we’re able to communicate in English, there was no problem with the production. While working together, we realized that we had things in common and became friendly. Yesterday, we sent them a message saying we were nervous for our debut showcase, and they sent us a long message of support. We were surprised and grateful.”

SECRET NUMBER explained the meaning behind their name. “Everyone has a ‘secret number’ [password/PIN code] that’s usually a birthday, anniversary, or some other special number. We want to hold that kind of special meaning to the public. Our logo is designed like a password box with five stars, representing the five of us.”

The group picked Apink as their role model and said, “We respect that they’ve continued to promote together despite being nine years into their career. Like them, we want to become a group that promotes for a long time.” They added that their goal was to win a “Rookie of the Year” award.

Check out their debut MV below:Seúl, 20 de mayo (Yonhap) -- La plataforma de intercambio de vídeos TikTok ha dicho, este miércoles, que dará un concierto en línea con los artistas de K-pop.DSP Media and JTBC Studios will be launching a new audition program!

On May 20, DSP Media revealed that their artists APRIL, KARD, and Heo Young Ji will be starring as special MCs for “Burn Up: Challenge to Billboard” (literal title), a new reality show starring those who dream of becoming the next big K-pop stars. The program will be released near the end of June through JTBC Studios’ YouTube channel.

As an agency that has produced many global idols including KARA, APRIL, KARD, and more, DSP Media will be partnering with JTBC Studios to produce the upcoming program. JTBC Studios is well-known for producing and distributing popular YouTube content such as “Wassup Man” and “Workman.”

Currently, the program is taking online applications, and anyone who wants to show their talents can apply. Out of the initial applicant pool, the production team will reveal the profiles of 30 applicants who pass the preliminary round through votes from the production team. Every week, the contestants will grow and develop with the support from viewers who watch videos of the survival audition program. Finally, the two finalists will attempt to chart on Billboard with a song produced by Justin Bieber’s producer HARV.

Those interested in the competition can learn more about the application process through the program’s website here!The South Korean entertainment industry has been rocked by another scandal. Two former K-pop stars, singer-songwriter Jung Joon-young and Choi Jong-hoon, a former member of boyband FT Island, have had their prison sentences for gang rape and spycam crimes significantly reduced on May 12.

The pair were found guilty in November of gang-raping two different victims on two separate occasions in 2016. Jung was also additionally convicted of secretly filming himself having sex with other women and sharing the footage without their consent.

However, the Seoul High Court reduced Jung’s sentence from six years to five and halved Choi’s five-year term. According to Yonhap news agency, the latter had reached an agreement with one of the victims which was “partly reflected” in its decision on him, it added without giving details.

The duo were exposed to be a part of K-pop’s sex scandals following the leak of an online chatroom featuring some of the industry’s biggest male stars. Similarly, sex crimes in the K-pop industry also involved ex-BIGBANG member, Seungri.

The former K-pop star was involved in the infamous Burning Sun scandal. The nightclub in Seoul’s glitzy Gangnam neighborhood was at the centre of bribery, violence against customers, securing prostitutes for VIPs, rape, drug trafficking and drug use, with the former star previously acting as its board member.

More recently, South Korea was shocked by the Telegram Nth room sex scandal earlier this year. At least 74 women including 16 underage girls were tricked and blackmailed into sharing sexual images of themselves on Telegram. Orphanage volunteer Cho Ju-bin was arrested and had his identity revealed following public uproar over the case, with millions of people signing the petition to expose him.It’s always a pleasant surprise when you find out that an idol is not only talented on stage, but is also talented at drawing. There are a handful of K-pop idols who are known to be amazing artists and some of them even go as far as holding exhibitions and selling their work. Here’s a look at 11 of those celebrities.

Disclaimer: List is in no particular order!

Lee Jae Jin has been considered to have a quirky personality, but he’s also known to be quite the artist. This self-taught artist never really took his hobby too seriously, but has lately been aspiring to sell his artwork.

And his adorable drawing of his nephew:

It’s no secret that Yura is good at drawing. She graduated from a high school that was focused on the arts, so it’s a given that she would be talented. When she revealed some of her drawings on various programs, viewers were blown away by just how well she could draw!

And how can we forget her gift to Hong Jong Hyun when they were both on “We Got Married.” How perfect was it?!

Seulgi is good at everything she does, which is why it was no surprise to find masterpieces inside when she pulled out her sketchbook. Look at the talent!

Her sketch of some kittens:

And her very accurate drawing of the Statue of Liberty:

SHINee’s Key is not exactly a realist when it comes to drawing, but his artwork has garnered a lot of attention for being very expressive and artistic. He was able to display some of his artwork at his uncle’s art exhibition several years ago.

He even designed the front cover of SHINee’s album, “The Misconceptions of Us.”

Suzy has expressed that she likes to stay at home and draw. She can stay up for hours just doing random sketches. What’s really surprising was seeing just how talented she is!

She even draws caricatures! When she appeared on “Happy Together,” she showed the cast members caricatures she drew of all of them.

Zico has mentioned that he enjoys drawing when he can. It’s no surprise because the man is so gifted in all aspects when it comes to art. When he was on the show “Happy Together,” he was able to showcase some of his drawing skills through a game that’s similar to Pictionary.

Check out his very accurate drawing of the comedian Yoo Sang Moo:

Our adorable BTS maknae has showcased his beautiful artistic skills time and time again. He’s a man of many talents and hobbies, all of which he’s incredible at. Look at him do his thing so effortlessly:

Out of all the artists on this list, Song Mino is the only one who seems to be really pursuing art beyond just as a hobby. Mino seems to have his hand in various aspects of the arts, as he’s also interested in photography, fashion, and of course, rapping!

Epik High’s Tablo shared this photo that Mino drew of the rappers featured in his song, “Born Hater.” His talent is seriously incredible!

It has been known that Son Naeun enjoys going to art galleries and knows quite a bit about artists, but when it was first revealed that she could actually draw, people were so impressed! She was also voted to be the best artist in her group, which she was happy about.

Here’s a drawing she did several years ago:

Another time she showcased her art skills was when she gave SHINee’s Taemin a drawing on “We Got Married”:

Idol-turned-actress Kim Jaekyung is pretty well known in the K-pop world for her amazing artist skills. Although she’s showcased them on several occasions, she has admitted that she is more keen on calligraphy and fashion.

Look at how realistic her drawings are!

Jimin has also shown through various outlets that he’s quite the talented artist. It seems he likes to doodle, and although he doesn’t consider himself to be serious about drawing, his sketches prove that he’s just as talented at drawing as he is with everything else he does!

Here’s his “quick” drawing of a rose for BTS fans:

He also drew this (originally an image done by a famous graffiti artist). Isn’t it so cool?!

Hey Soompiers, which of these K-pop idols are you impressed with? Let me know in the comments below!

binahearts is a Soompi writer whose ultimate biases are Song Joong Ki and BIGBANG. She is also the author of “K-POP A To Z: The Definitive K-Pop Encyclopedia.” Make sure you follow binahearts on Instagram as she journeys through her latest Korean crazes!

Currently watching: “The King: Eternal Monarch” and “Heart Signal 3”

 All-time favorite dramas: “Secret Garden,” “Goblin,” “Because This Is My First Life,” “Star In My Heart”

 Looking forward to: Won Bin‘s return to the small screenWhat happens when music from East meets West? It produces amazing collaborations that merge the styles and sensibilities of two worlds to create nothing but magic!

K-pop has plausibly taken the world by storm and has become a medium to engage people to a new culture.

What’s more is that it has come a long way over the years and has made an impact as a genre in global pop culture. It has led to K-pop acts collaborating with western artists and vice versa.

The fusion of the two worlds results into a dreamlike scenario with some of the most mind blowing music! While you may be aware of certain mainstream K-pop collabs such as BTS with Steve Aoki for “Mic Drop,” “Waste It On Me,” “The Truth Untold”; or MONSTA X with Sebastian Yatra on the recent fuego track “Magnetic,” — here are some K-pop crossover collaborations that you may or may not have come across, but ones that you simply shouldn’t miss out on!

All hail King Namjoon! Fall Out Boy’s track “Champion – Remix,” features BTS’ leader RM, who appears twice in the song, living up to the title of the track, as he raps, ‘I will stay, I will wait and I’ll fight like a king.’

HONNE featured on RM’s soulful track “seoul” from his mixtape, mono. But, RM united with the English electronic music duo on a verse in their track “Crying Over You” rapping, ‘Sh*t happens and we look for the magic/But good things always come to an end,’ showcasing his insightful side.’

RM teamed up with the Kansas rapper for the track “Rush” from his first mixtape, back when he still went by the stage name, Rap Monster. The track has a very laid back energy to it but is packed with a lot of attitude and confidence.

Is it Throwback Thursday already? Because we’re throwing it way back to 2013 when 2NE1 featured on will.i.am’s track “Gettin’ Dumb” – a house meets dubstep track that showcased the K-pop girl group’s lyrically explicit side. They featured alongside artist apl.de.ap on the song.

SHAUN got together with Advanced, Norwegian songstress Julie Bergan and the American DJ KSHMR in the track “My Bad”. It boasts of a youthful melody that’ll encourages to hit the dance floor.

SHAUN sounds exceptional hitting those high notes with such panache while Bergan synchronizes her vocals to SHAUN’s – which adds an intriguing texture to the overall track.

SHAUN’s debut solo track “Way Back Home,” topped major Korean music charts such as MelOn, Genie, and Olleh Music in 2018 and with good reason. The track is feel good in its approach and SHAUN really takes your breath away with his effortless falsettos while Conor Maynard and Sam Feldt make the song pop with their refreshing twist.

Chanyeol featured on the Far East Movement and Marshmello’s 2016 collaboration track “Freal Luv,” with Tinashe and stunned with his amazing rap style.
• EXO’s Suho Personally Confirms His Upcoming Military Enlistment Through Letter To Fans

CHEN added his own spin in the techno track with his signature high notes and breathy vocals on Alesso’s 2012 song “Years” in 2016 with his Korean and Chinese versions of the same.

Don’t need to take no DNA test to know that this track is THAT track – if you know what we mean! AB6IX fits seamlessly with their Korean and English verses on Lizzo’s chart topping track, “Truth Hurts.”

The track is surprising in more ways than one. It is fascinating to see the group talking about their lives as K-pop idols and dealing with haters with such flamboyance. What’s more is how the two artists, though having differences in musical styles, come together to create such a fun, cohesive track!

tobi lou and Vernon got together for the former’s track “Looped Up,” – a fresh, relaxed track that will give you all those chill vibes! And it is one that’d you’re sure you’d be playing on repeat!

Featuring on FYKE’s track “Get Myself,” Amber Liu mesmerizes with her elevated vocals. FYKE is known for making tracks related to mental health and “Get Myself,” ventures just into that giving an insight into anxiety and the emotions one undergoes when going through the same.

Here, Amber takes a much breezy route as compared to the former on SUPERFRUIT’s “Fantasy.” It is evident in the lyrics and the MV of the track itself that project brighter images to go with the overall cheery aesthetic of the song.

Soyeon and Miyeon featured on a track for the game Leagues of Legends. The track features Madison Beer and Jaira Burns and is titled, “POP/STARS.” This is one power track that you simply shouldn’t miss out on!

Soyeon featured on yet another Leagues of Legends track titled, “GIANTS,” alongside Becky G, Keke Palmer, True Damage, Duckwrth and Thutmose. Soyeon goes straight for the kill with her insanely dynamic rap verse and tries her hand at Spanish lines with Becky G as well.

VAV really make you go ‘wow,’ with “Give Me More.” Teaming up with De La Ghetto and Play-N-Skillz. The track has a very tropical feel to it that is sure to make you sway to its ambient guitar tunes and dance beats.

Crush and Garibay come together to create a wonder. “Lay Your Head On Me” projects such beautiful romance through its serene guitar based arrangement that is sure to melt your hearts.

The former Sistar member featured on Far East Movement’s “Umbrella,” that gives you a surreal feeling with its bright yet nostalgic style of arrangement which complements Hyolyn’s musical style. This one’s a treat for the ears for sure!

Key featured on the Korean remix of the British pop trio, Years & Years’ track “If You’re Over Me.” The synth pop track is a take on a toxic relationship without clarity. Appropriately, Key’s Korean verses reflect the very theme of the track as he sings, ‘The daily, repeating mistakes/Your words that stop mine/Fate is a lie/Oh it’s so cruel/ If your heart is done/Let’s end this tedious situation and let me go.’

“Idea Of You,” is a very introspective track amidst a very upbeat arrangement. While the composition is more house meets EDM, Eric Nam comes in with his breathy falsettos asking, ‘do I miss you? Or do I miss the idea of you..’ which makes the track quite interesting overall.

The K-pop star features on a version of Loote’s “Your Side Of The Bed,” which is a peppy, cheeky love song that expresses the feeling of moving on. Eric Nam sounds suave as ever on this number and the arrangement of guitar riffs, synths and bass give the song it’s zest.

The tropical track “Into You,” really brings a very sophisticated flair to Eric’s vocals. The prominent saxophone in the chorus is just enough to add the extra oomph in the song.

Wendy featured on “Written In The Stars,” with John Legend. The song is aptly titled as it is truly a collab that was written in the stars for the amount of romance that fills each line and melody.

The track’s low-key groove and symphonic melody are reminiscent of a 90’s R&B style that will surely having you swooning to it’s rhythm.IU makes a stunning return with BTS’ Suga for their track “Eight”, a nostalgic song exploring the sadness of passing youth and the happiness of memories

Perhaps one of the most anticipated collaborations of the year so far, IU’s track “eight” with BTS’ Suga is equal parts heartwrenching and comforting. Both the digital single and its music video embrace the listener, acknowledging the fleetingness of happiness but reassuring them of its eventual return.

At its core, “eight” is a nostalgic testament to memory and its ability to help one find infinite happiness again.

IU shocked fans and made headlines with her surprise announcement of a May comeback release. Her company, EDAM Entertainment, made a statement at the end of April announcing that IU would release a digital single called, “eight”. Additionally, the track’s release would be accompanied by a music video.

Exciting fans even further, the company explained that the digital single would be a special collaboration between IU and BTS’ acclaimed producer and rapper, Suga. Suga both produced and featured in the song, summoning global interest as to what the two music industry phenomenons had in store.

Her company hinted that the track was borne from their relation to one another as same-age musicians, forming a mutual synergy from their shared opinions.

One day after the announcement, IU released the first teaser image for the song on her Twitter account, continuing to build frenzy online.

Following the first promotional image, IU began rolling out consequent teasers across her SNS channels, pushing her comeback into full gear. This included a stunning solo shot and a moving visual teaser.
• IU Magically Delights As She Sings Briefly In The Moving Teaser Of “Eight”

Moreover, track collaborator, Suga spoke briefly about the track with fellow BTS member, Namjoon, during a VLIVE broadcast. Titled, “DJ Suga’s Honey FM 06.13 with RM #0613FM_0502”, the members responded to fan comments, and many wanted to hear more from Suga about his collaboration.

Both excitedly commented that the track was excellent. Namjoon jokingly stated that though he does not have his license yet, the song is the perfect music to play while driving.

Suga explained that the process of the collaboration was very smooth, with few back-and-forth revisions. Instead, Suga wrote beats and sent them to IU, and he received the melodies promptly after.

The broadcast summoned even more hype surrounding the collaboration as Suga and Namjoon reiterated that the track was one that fans would love for a long time.

On May 5th, the first teaser clip for the music video was released. The video features IU in a galactic setting, as only a short line from the song plays in the background, stating, “So are you happy now?”

IU’s company, EDAM Entertainment, also released a reaction video as a teaser to the track. Lucky fans listened to the song ahead of its release with the singer herself. The track brought many to tears, and they hinted that the song is heart-wrenchingly sad, but comforting all at once.

Only one day before its release, IU teased fans with behind the scenes photos from the music video for “Eight”.

“Eight” was highly anticipated ever since IU announced her comeback. Carried by the vocal powerhouse, while being produced and having a feature by BTS’ Suga, “eight” was regarded with high expectations. It did not disappoint.

The song begins as IU tenderly sings, “So are you happy now? Finally happy now?” kickstarting the whimsical track. The song is instrumentally driven, allowing IU’s stunning voice to be the star. Its melody is nostalgic and bright, leading into the upbeat chorus in which IU repeats a hopeful line of “Forever we young”.

Suga’s section in the song is a wonderful addition to IU’s higher, airier vocals with his deeper rap in the third verse. His rap style during the track is charming, featuring a soothing mix of rapping and singing that the artist has been celebrated for in his other work, such as in BTS’ “Best of Me”.

Despite the freeing, upbeat tempo and catchy melody, the song’s lyrics are heartwrenching. Suga’s signature production and writing skills shine, seen in the contrast between the cheerful beat and poignant lyrics. The artists explore the sadness of life passing and of losing youth.

Happiness becomes a fleeting experience overshadowed by its fragile nature. However, the artists take their fans on a hopeful journey by comforting them. Instead of seeing passing experiences as departures, listeners can find happiness in the memories they made.

In this way, everyone can achieve eternal youth.

“Eight” is a lovely track that feels like a warm, consoling hug. Sad but reassuring, the song is a lovely gift for IU and Suga’s fans who often find comfort in both artists’ work.

The accompanying music video for “eight” was beautifully fitting to the song. Driven by the narrative and featuring a blend of realism and animation, it was similar to a mini-film.

The music video follows IU in a galactic laboratory where she plans to erase all of her memories. Before doing so, she records them and relives every moment one last time.

IU embarks on a journey through her past. She experiences the good and bad memories once more. Recalling the turbulence of life, she realizes that these make up her journey. All of the ups and downs constitute her life.

The end of the music video shows IU quietly smiling at the camera. Rather than hurt, she has found happiness through these memories.

The music video was truly an artful rendition of the track’s lyrics. The whimsical color grading of the video and the animated scenes provided beautiful cinematography. This added to the song’s overall nostalgic appeal. Moreover, IU’s acting strengths portrayed the narrative well.

Similar to the song itself, the music video brought fans on a dreamy journey.Y’all have probably heard of common food allergies like peanuts, milk, eggs, seafood and so on. But did you know that there are also people who have been suffering from specific food allergies that can be rather uncommon for others.

Just ask these 12 K-pop stars if you don’t believe us. As a fan, you may find it sad to know that these idols aren’t able enjoy certain delicious foods that we take for granted!
• TWICE’s Momo – The Japanese K-pop starlet is allergic to salmon.
• TWICE’s Jihyo – Jihyo is allergic to pineapples. According to the 23-year-old, her throat itches every time she eats the fruit.
• NU’EST’s Minhyun – The former Wanna One member is allergic to salt. His allergy is so bad that his own sweat can affect his body.
• CIX’s Bae Jinyoung – Bae Jinyoung can’t stand shrimps. He said that his tongue will swell if he eats it.
• GOT7’s Youngjae – The “Lullaby” hit-maker cannot stand cucumbers. If he consumes the veggies raw or pickled, he’ll end up vomiting.
• Gfriend’s SinB – SinB is allergic to purple grapes but can still eat the green-coloured ones.
• f(x)’s Krystal Jung – The singer-actress is allergic to apples. She still enjoys eating them, though.
• Amber Liu – Fellow f(x) teammate Amber Liu revealed in a YouTube broadcast that she is allergic to mango.
• Eric Nam – The “Good For You” singer once revealed that he is allergic to apples.
• fromis_9’s Lee Chaeyoung – Chaeyoung is also allergic to apples. In addition, she also can’t stand other fruits like cherries and peaches as they make her feel itchy.
• Day6’s Jae – DAY6 member Jae is allergic to all fruits except apples.The two shows, on May 25 and May 27, will have a massive line-up of artistes including AKMU, Jay Park, Kang Daniel, Zico and many more.

TikTok will be bringing not one but two live-streamed K-pop concerts to your mobile phones with their first-ever live vertical-format K-pop shows: TikTok Stage Live From Seoul and TikTok Stage With HIPHOPPLAYA.

The two concerts will be happening next week, with TikTok Stage Live From Seoul on Monday (May 25) at 4pm Singapore time and TikTok Stage With HIPHOPPLAYA on Wednesday (May 27) at 7pm Singapore time.

K-pop fans can catch the concerts through the TikTok Stage in-app channel, and can expect to see the likes of Monsta X, iKon, Kang Daniel, AKMU, Apink and more for the TikTok Stage Live From Seoul event.

As for TikTokStage With HIPHOPPLAYA, it will feature a roster including the likes of Jay Park, Zico, Epik High, Crush and Dean, and more.

Fans will also get to interact with the performers live, and be asked to participate in fundraising via fun TikTok in-app challenges.

According to a statement from TikTok, for every live viewer who tunes in, TikTok will donate US$0.50 (S$0.70), and all funds raised will go towards supporting charity efforts for those most affected by COVID-19.

Doreen Tan, User and Content Operations Manager, TikTok Singapore, said: “We're grateful for all the artists and entertainers who use TikTok to connect with their fans, and can’t wait until we can see them live on stage again. Till then, we’re committed to connecting our community and fans with these massively talented acts from home – all while doing our part to aid COVID-19 relief efforts.”Tokoh-tokoh Indonesia dan dunia hiburan Korea / KPop

TRIBUNNEWSMAKER.COM - Begini nama-nama tokoh seperti Jokowi, Prabowo Subianto, Anies Baswedan, Ahok, Sandiaga Uno saat menjelma jadi idol KPOP versi kreativitas halusinasi milenial.

Bagaimana jadinya bila 7 tokoh politik Indonesia ditransformasikan menjadi artis Korea? Mulai dari Prabowo Subianto, Anies Baswedan hingga Presiden Joko Widodo ternyata memiliki imej serta nama Korea yang unik. Seperti apa?

Korean wave atau Hallyu nampak terus menggeliat ke berbagai negara di dunia termasuk Indonesia.

Mulai dari budaya, makanan, musik, hingga drama yang berasal dari Korea Selatan banyak digandrungi masyarakat.

Baru-baru ini drama Korea The World of the Married sukses membius penonton lewat cerita yang menguras emosi.

Antusiasme publik bahkan menjadikan The World of the Married meraih rekor sebagai drama dengan jumlah pemirsa tertinggi dalam sejarah tv kabel Korea.

Sebelumnya, drama Crash Landing on You telah lebih dulu menuai reaksi positif dari publik.

Sang pemeran utama, Hyun Bin, bahkan sampai membuat sejumlah selebritis Indonesia menjadi halu.
• 7 Aktor Korea Selatan Digilai karena Punya Aura Misterius, dari Kim Jae Wook hingga Lee Jae Wook

Tak hanya halu bisa bersama aktor Korea, jagat Twitter ternyata juga memunculkan kehaluan lain.

Ya, apa jadinya bila 7 politisi Indonesia ditransformasikan menjadi artis Korea?

Mulai dari Basuki Tjahaja Purnama atau Ahok hingga Presiden Joko Widodo.Many Americans have gotten to know K-pop in recent years, especially as boy band BTS topped the Billboard music charts last year. But in South Korea, young people are turning their attention to an older style of music — trot, a folk genre that has been around for more than 100 years.

These days, South Korean TV viewers are watching young artists perform covers of old-timey trot music on competition shows like “Mister Trot,” which have viewers vote in for their favorite acts in an “American Idol”-style format. Meanwhile, major K-pop artists are also taking up the genre, singing karaoke cover songs on talk shows, or adding their own trotlike elements into their original music.

Related: South Korea has a burgeoning tattoo scene. But most tattoo parlors are illegal.

“I think the reason for the Generation Z's or Generation X's revived interest in the musical genre is not so much nostalgia, but rather because their favorite singers are starting to get into this genre as well,” said John Lee, a freelance commentator on Korean politics and society.

Originally named after the American fox trot dance of the 1930s, this genre is no doubt uniquely Korean. Trot music has been around since before the Korean War in the early 1950s, and its many transformations are closely tied to major moments in Korean history.

Shortly after the Korean War, for example, “There were a lot of songs about separation — families separated because of the war, people calling out for their loved ones,” John Lee said.

Look no further than artist Nam In Soo’s “Vanish Away, 38th Parallel” song from 1949. The song directly addresses the division of the Korean Peninsula from a place of sorrow, which is a far cry from today’s popular trot songs, such as “One Shot” — a viral song that’s literally just about drinking alcohol.

Trot music largely shifted from the melancholy, anguished folk to lovelorn or even jolly music because of the South Korean government’s oppressive postwar dictatorship, which blacklisted any music considered counterproductive to its propaganda. Trot music was also highly stigmatized at the time because of its historical influences from Japan, which brutally colonized the Korean Peninsula until the 1940s.

“Unofficially, they were also going after songs that they felt were counterproductive to the government’s propaganda efforts, and so in the 1960s and 1970s, we saw a lot of trot music that was very happy, unlike music from the 1950s,” John Lee said.

Related: The South Korean government is reviewing its 1950s abortion ban

Lee Taek-Gwang, a professor at Kyunghee University, said that much of the trot music young people enjoy today should be called “semi-trot.” More upbeat, semi-trot sounds a lot more like K-pop than historical folk trot — which makes sense, since some consider trot to be one of K-pop’s roots.

“Young people of the trot generation were called the ‘modern boy’ or the “modern girl” at the time,” Lee Taek-Gwang said. "Actually, K-pop started from the music that these modern boys and modern girls enjoyed. In that sense, we can say that trot is the root of K-pop. But at the same time, K-pop as we now know it came out as a sort of breakaway from trot.”Enlisting in the South Korean army on the cusp of his 29th birthday, Suho leaves behind band mates Kai, Sehun and Baekhyun to become a public service officer – a far cry from his life as a hit-making, pulse-racing K-pop idolTRIBUNNEWSMAKER.COM - Berikut 5 fakta IU merupakan idol yang sukses dan berhati malaikat. Mulai dari sukses di industri musik hingga peran, yang juga suka berdonasi.

Penyanyi wanita Korea Selatan IU baru saja berulang tahun yang ke-27 pada hari ini, Sabtu (16/05/2020).

Melalui akun Instagramnya, pemilik nama Lee Ji Eun tersebut merayakan ulang tahun di lokasi syuting film terbaru dengan Park Seo Jeon.

IU merupakan idol Kpop yang selama ini selalu menjadi sorotan publik.

Bukan hanya memiliki karier yang sukses, IU juga dikenal sebagai idol yang berhati malaikat.

TribunStyle.com himpun dari berbagai sumber, berikut 5 fakta IU merupakan idol yang sukses dan berhati malaikat.

Beberapa waktu lalu IU baru saja merilis lagu bersama member BTS, Suga di lagu Eight.

Lagu Eight merajai sempat merajai tangga lagu di Korea Selatan dan mendominasi iTunes di berbagai negara.

Lagu IU dan Suga BTS menempati posisi pertama di iTunes Top Songs di 59 negara dalam kategori solosi perempuan Korea Selatan.2 Days until the 'Your Turn' music video drops 🤞💖✨ Teaser 1 is available on our YouTube channel now! Please keep your eyes peeled and ✨💘Follow us on 💘✨ Tiktok: kaachi_official Youtube: KAACHI Twitter: kaachiofficial #kaachi #kaachi_official #kpoplondon #dance #kpopdance #kpop #kpopgirlband #london #uk #korea #seoul #girl #band #girlband #girlgroup #kpopdance #tiktok #케이팝 #케이팝걸그룹 #걸그룹 #한국 #밴드 #영국 #런던 #서울 #유럽 #최초 #영국걸그룹 #한국문화 #kaachi #YourTurnK-Pop bands continue to drop new high-quality music to keep fans entertained during this time when it’s needed the most. Yet, only a couple of albums and songs charted high on the UAE iTunes charts from last week’s comebacks. Here are some top releases in the UAE:

The five members also had a hand in co-writing ‘Maze in the Mirror’, a track that looks back on their trainee days. Member Beomgyu also co-produced the song. The EP also included a remake of Light & Salt’s ‘Fairy of Shampoo’, a Korean 90s pop classic, which Yeonjun contributed the rap for.

On May 19, the 10-piece act made an electrifying comeback with the 17-track album that includes new B-side tracks — ‘NonStop’, ‘Prelude’, ‘Make Your Day’ and ‘Punch’ — and an electrifying music video. Some fans were able to watch the group perform the new title track ‘Punch’ at the group’s virtual concert prior to the release of the album and music video.

The next day, the NCT subunit — comprising of members Taeil, Johnny, Mark, Jaehyun, Winwin, Taeyong, Yuta, Doyoung, Haechan and Jungwoo — achieved a record, hitting their first ever million-mark in terms of albums sales since they debuted in 2016. The group’s second album ‘NCT #127 Neo Zone’ and latest repackaged version of the album sold a total of 1,218,653 copies as of May 21, SM Entertainment revealed.

Fronted by ballad track ‘Just for a Moment’, his debut album conveys various emotions in tracks such as ‘With All My Heart’, ‘To Us Who Have To Endure’, ‘Meteor Shower’ and ‘So Romantic’, which was composed, written and produced by his bandmate Ravi.

The singer is set to enlist in the country’s mandatory military service in July, his agency Jellyfish Entertainment confirmed. He will be the third VIXX member to fulfil his military duties, following N and Leo’s enlistments last year.

With her first solo music, the Lovelyz member stepped out of the group’s innocent concept and showcased a more mature, charismatic side with first mini album, titled ‘Tiger Eyes’, and title track of the same name on May 20. She managed to grab listeners’ attention — without the help of her dyed blue hair.

Much like VIXX’s Ken, it’s her first time stepping into the solo spotlight and showcasing her distinct style since debuting in 2014 as the lead vocalist of the eight-member girl group.

This time the group’s Chinese member Lay Zhang hyped up fans with a new pre-release single titled ‘Jade’ off his forthcoming fourth solo album. Co-written by the artist himself and mixing elements of Chinese instruments and cultural metaphors, the Mandarin-English language track was seen charting in the top 10 of the iTunes songs chart in the UAE.

After dropping mysterious blurred graphic teasers on social media over the past few days, BTS rapper/songwriter Suga gave fans a bit of a surprise when he dropped his second mixtape, ‘D-2’ under the name Agust D on Friday.

Much like his first 2016 mixtape, the K-Pop artist showcased his creative outlet and was heavily involved in its production. The 10 tracks documented his life from 2016 until his current emotional state and is more focused on the present compared to his debut mixtape.

The music video, which featured the artist alternating between black and blonde hairdos while rapping at historical Korean sets, was soon the No 1 trending video on YouTube. And it didn’t take long for the tracks from the mixtape to soar to the top of the UAE iTunes songs chart and the mixtape to chart high on the albums chart.Kim Woo Seok brings fans on a musical trip with his solo album 1ST DESIRE [GREED].

Kim Woo Seok has started his solo career with the release of his solo album 1ST DESIRE [GREED]. It was dropped on May 25th at 6 PM KST, and is full of the idol’s different colors, while showcasing his talent as a soloist quite well.

The countdown towards Kim Woo Seok’s solo debut first started with the release of a scheduler on May 11. It showed the type of content fans could expect before the album dropped.

On May 12 the idol unveiled the first set of teasers – with three concept photos. Along with them came the album’s title, 1ST DESIRE [GREED].

He presented the K, W and S versions of the photos, each portraying a different charm of his, including sexiness, innocence and elegance.

In addition to the pictures, the next three days he posted a matching short film for each version.

The artist managed to pull in yet another surprise with his lyrics photos, which were released on May 21.

With just a glimpse of his body, Kim Woo Seok successfully showed his sexiness via the aesthetic pictures.

Through the track list on May 23, anticipated fans were able to find out more of what the album had to offer. What made it an even more special debut project was the fact that Kim Woo Seok participated in writing the lyrics and composing most of the songs for it.

Just a day before the release of 1ST DESIRE [GREED], a highlight medley was posted on the idol’s YouTube channel. He hinted at each song, while the pictures and videos from the makings ran in the background.

In between all the contents, Kim Woo Seok probably shocked the most with the two MV teasers. The artist portrayed a full homme fatale in both videos, raising expectations to see more of that vibe in the full MV, which was finally released on May 25th at 6PM KST.

The album includes seven tracks in total in which Kim Woo Seok’s vocal talents don’t fail to shine. Through it, he manages to show different charms of himself.

Starting with the song “Intro: Lost”, it surprises with full English lyrics. Kim Woo Seok’s cute accent makes the short track a want-to-listen to one. There is a hint of a sensual vibe, which is emphasized with the idol’s vocals on certain parts of the song.

The lyrics “Can’t stop it now I’m on my way / Don’t stop and follow all the way / My flames never die” feel like a declaration of stepping into the new challenge and being ready to take it on with full force.

With a heavy bass and an electric guitar, the title track “Red Moon” gives off a mysterious and tense feel. Through this music piece, Kim Woo Seok shows more of his sexy vocals. Even the lyrics speak of a growing desire, which represents part of the album’s name “Greed” quite well.

Next, the play on words to create the title of the song “SINphony” made the listeners think of yet another track which would emphasize more sexiness. And I wasn’t too far from it. It was definitely an alluring track to listen to.

Getting lost in Woo Seok’s voice is easy. It feels like you’re falling under his spell and want to keep listening more and more. He sings “We just wanna make you lose control”. In the aspect of allowing him to take over our hearing senses, he succeeds.

The beat of “Somebody Like You” would make the body follow smoothly along the rhythm. The song has a bright vibe, singing about the infatuation one has towards another person.

The feelings of the songs continue to change, allowing Woo Seok’s colors to pop out and shine. In “Do U Like” he sings of the desire to know more about another person while falling deeper for them.

Next up, “Beautiful” is a special song made for the idol’s fans. He beautifully sings of his appreciation for them, while showcasing the soothing side of his voice.

The journey ends with the song “The Winter”. The ballad, despite the cold name, sings of the warm memories with a loved one, which are now in the past. The track brings a nostalgic feeling, finishing with a soft piano note.

The music video for “Red Moon” focuses on the performance and the stunning shots of the idol. It is working quite well for him, bringing an enticing MV for the fans.

He effortlessly captures the hearts with his swift movements and facial expressions. His gestures and the faces he shows are precise, bringing a performance full of sexiness.

The album’s name comes to mind while watching this music video. I can easily compare Kim Woo Seok to the sin “Greed”. He wants to enchant through his performance and his efforts will surely bring fruit. It is just impossible to look away once you start watching.

The out of this world visuals are complimented with a beautiful background sets, stunning voice and a powerful performance. All of these are just waiting to be enjoyed by the idol’s fans.
• Kim Woo Seok Brings Out His Fatal Charms In Latest TeasersBroadcast date: May 16-17

 

 Starring: NCT Dream, Twice, ENOi, Stray Kids 

 

 

 Jaemin, Jisung of NCT Dream boasts perfect chemistry 

 



Jaemin and Jisung of NCT Dream entertained fans with their banter during their V Live broadcast.Showing off their comic chemistry, the two bandmates took to V Live after finishing their online fan event with fans in China. “It was Jisung’s idea to do this V Live. We are just here to chat with you,” said Jaemin.Looking relaxed on a sofa, they filled the more-than 45-minute session with a casual conversation, jokes and chatter about their daily lives.NCT Dream, the seven-member sub-unit of NCT, recently promoted its “Reload” EP, featuring single “Ridin.’” The group was also the fifth Korean act to be tapped as Billboard’s Emerging Artist.“Ridin’” debuted at No. 19 on the World Digital Song Sales chart.Wrapping up the talk. Jisung said, “I would appreciate if you guys could give me some good ideas for better content.”Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191616Sana of Twice became the fourth member to tease the group’s upcoming “More & More” EP.In the clip shared on the group’s V Vive channel, the Japanese member is featured with spring-themed outfits, surrounded by beautiful flowers. Sporting a white dress and tying her long orange hair with silky ribbon, Sana gave a scoop of what’s to come from Twice’s next project.Twice previously dropped concept films of Nayeon, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu.The group’s ninth EP “More & More” is its first release since the “Feel Special” album in September.The album is set to drop on June 1.Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191666Gun of ENOi played some K-pop songs with his guitar.The talented member took to V Live to flaunt his guitar skill, playing multiple songs for his fans. At fans’ request, he started off with “That’s Okay” by D.O. of EXO, although he made some mistakes. “Guys, there will be songs that I can’t do well, but three or four songs will be fine if I play as many as 10 songs,” said Gun with a shy smile.He shared that he doesn’t use a pick when playing the instrument.Switching between an acoustic guitar and an electronic guitar, he played songs like “Do You Think of Me?” by 10cm and “Rooftop”by N.Flying. Band leader Laon also made a special appearance, peaking into Gun’s room and banging his head while Gun didn’t notice him.Fans reacted with a flood of comments complementing Gun’s musical ability, asking him to make it a regular session.The rising rookie, ENOi released its first EP “Red in the Apple” in January.Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191622Changbin of Stray Kids gifted fans wby playing his special solo track “Streetlight.”The emotional song, featuring his bandmate Bang Chan, delivers Changbin’s spitfire rapping along with his self-composed lyrics.The musician had explained the meaning behind the song, saying, “I compared a person who suffers from emotional pain and sorrow without being able to tell anymore, who smiles and pretends like everything’s okay, to a streetlight.” He added that the lyrics partially reflected his own past experience when he struggled on his own and that relaying those feelings into a song gave him a sense of relief.“I hope that when people listen to this song they can find someone who will empathize with their pain,” he said.Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191664Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=SM Entertainment / Stone Music Entertainment, United CUBE (CUBE Entertainment Official YouTube Channel) / Via youtube.com , BTOB 비투비 (Official YouTube Channel) / Via youtube.com , BTOB 비투비 (Official YouTube Channel) / Via youtube.com

Okay, let's get the sad news out of the way first!

* EXO's leader Suho will be enlisting in the military on May 14. He will two other members of EXO — D.O and Xiumin — who are also currently conducting their mandatory military service. He wrote a letter to fans sharing his enlistment date and that he hoped fans would think of him often, continue to love him, and "always be healthy" on the group's fan community on Lysn.

* Block B's U-Kwon will also be enlisting on May 18. According to Soompi, KQ Entertainment shared: "following his basic training, [U-Kwon] plans to fulfill his service as an active-duty soldier.”

* Pentagon's Jinho has also confirmed he will enlist on May 11. The group, which is currently participating in the survival reality program Road to Kingdom, will continue on as seven members. Cube Entertainment stated: “Jinho will be enlisting as an active-duty soldier on May 11. Due to Jinho’s personal wish to enlist quietly, we will not be announcing the time and location of his enlistment.”

* BTOB's Sungjae and Hyunsik will also both enlist on May 11. On May 3, Sungjae shared a letter to fans on Instagram confirming his enlistment date (you can read the translated version on Soompi here!). On May 6, Cube Entertainment revealed that fellow BTOB member Hyunsik will also enlist on the same day!

Take care and return safely, Suho, Jinho, Sungjae, Hyunsik, and U-Kwon! 🌟K-pop has been blowing up all over the world. Bands like Stray Kids and BTS have ridden a cultural moment called the Korean wave into international prominence. Fans across the globe enjoy the genre’s slick beats and the personalities of its stars.

Interestingly, many fans of K-pop do not actually speak Korean. Two members of Stray Kids — Bang Chan and Han — have discussed how they feel about this. They both had some insight into K-pop and other music.

Bang Chan and Han on K-pop fans who don’t speak Korean

Tamar Herman of Billboard asked Bang Chan what he thought about his fans who do not speak Korean. Chan found it funny how K-pop fans could enjoy his band’s music without understanding its lyrics. At the same time, he could relate. Chan said he listens to Indian and Spanish music without understanding the lyrics. He said he enjoys Indian and Spanish music because of its sound and the vocal performances.

He elaborated “That kind of makes me want to find out what the lyrics actually mean, and what the singer really wants to say through the song. I do understand that there may be [fans] that may just listen to our songs but not understand the lyrics, and I completely understand how that feels as well. So just want to put that out there. [Laughs]”

RELATED: This BTS Member is the Most Preferred Korean Idol in 2019

Han made some comments on the matter which echoed Chan’s. ”People may not understand the message completely but, while there’s strength obviously in lyrics there is also strength in the melody and just the song in general as well. We do think about that as we perform and sing these songs because there are different ways you can gain strength through music, the lyrics are just one element.”

Billboard reports the band has released some music in English. It only makes sense that they would dos so, as they have a significant English-speaking audience. Earlier this year, the band released English versions of their songs “Double Knot” and “Levanter” from their album Clé : LEVANTER. Some English-speaking fans of Stray Kids appreciated the gesture while others prefer to listen to the original versions of the songs.

RELATED: Woojin of Stray Kids Opens Up About Life After His Boy Band

Interestingly, one can draw parallels between the experiences of fans who are exposed to Korean culture through K-pop and the life experience of Stray Kids member Felix. According to Seven News, Korean was not his first language. He was from Sydney, Australia and he did not move to Korea until he was 17-years-old. He said it was an adventure for him to learn the Korean language and other aspects of Korean culture. For many K-pop fans, learning about Korean culture is an adventure as well.

Also see: The Real Reason Why Woojin Left K-Pop Band Stray KidsSouth Korean singer Park Soo-Young, best known as Joy from Red Velvet, shared all that she does to achieve flawless skin. Read on!

When it comes to skincare, nobody does it better than the Koreans. The inventors of the life-saving sheet masks, they are also known for having intense and hectic routines to take care of their skin, giving it the glassy, smooth texture it has. They are known for having not just crystal clear skin but also a smooth complexion with barely any issues. 

And who better than the famous and glamorous Korean pop stars to follow, when it comes to getting clean skin? They have hectic schedules but still manage to make time for skincare inspiring us all to do so as well!

Joy of Red Velvet is who is not just a singer, but has also starred television dramas and plays a television host, shared with Allure, her intense skincare routine. 

Read on!

To begin with, every night Joy begins with double cleansing. 

First she uses an oil-based cleanser to break up her makeup. Post this, a foam-based cleanser is her preferred choice of product to wash off the gunk from her skin.

After this, Joy moves on to a moisturising mask that hydrates her face.

After washing off the mask, Joy uses a toner on cotton on her face .This evens out her skin tone, closes up her pores and gives her smooth, glowing skin.

After this, Joy also opts for a bubble toner, one of the current K-beauty trends on the rising. It gives off a fluffy cloud like foam on the surface it is applied to.

Next up, Joy uses a moisturising ampoule or a serum on her skin to help it heal from any breakouts.

Post this, she uses a non-sticky and non-greasy moisturiser on her skin. Followed by a barrier cream, Joy then completes her routine with a simple sleeping mask.

She lets all of her work soak into her skin overnight. In the morning, she has glossy, glassy and even-toned skin ready to take on another day!

Are you going to try out her Korean skincare routine? Let us know in the comment section below.

Your comment has been submitted to the moderation queueSmart wins Best Crisis Response at the 2020 Asia Communication AwardsAs a young K-pop artist, it is truly important to find role models to inspire you with their hard work, dedication, talent, and success. BTS is breaking records and gaining more fans day by day, so it’s no wonder many young idols find them to be the perfect examples to follow. These artists’ love for the seven boys and their music remind us of our own fan moments, and it’s just so great to see them finally meeting the people they look up to! It’s hard to keep up with all the youngsters becoming the biggest BTS fanboys, but if you ever wondered which idols are the loudest about their love for BTS, here is a list with a few of them!

Ji Hoon is the most successful BTS fanboy for sure, because he even ended up in a gaming group with Jin. However, his absolute favorite has been Taehyung since the very beginning, and the way he was never afraid to show his love and respect for V is just something to admire. He was lucky enough to meet the boys on award shows and music shows, and his huge beaming smile tells us just how happy it made him!

All eight members of ATEEZ could easily fit on this list, because ATEEZ just can’t stop loving BTS! But it’s Wooyoung who’s not afraid to take every chance he gets to talk about his favorite idol group. From dance covers to singing their songs randomly on their V Live streams, he is ready to show his ARMY side to everyone. The maknae of the group, Jongho, is just as whipped, stating his idol role model is Jungkook. He even covered “The Truth Untold,” and it was simply amazing!

Ji Hoon is not the only one biasing Taehyung here. The Boyz’s Younghoon has also declared, more than once, that V is his most important role model as an idol. Being able to meet Tae on music shows must have been a perfect moment for him, and the cameras caught him many times being in awe because of BTS being close to him. When his group snatched a photo with BTS, Younghoon was even able to stand right next to V! What a successful fanboy indeed!

Sejun’s adoration for BTS is well known among fans, and he chose Jimin as his favorite from the group. He mentioned in an interview that BTS gave him the biggest strength as a trainee, and he was able to get through his hardest times while watching BTS. Isn’t this something every ARMY can relate to?

2Soul is also a big fan of Jimin! He mentioned Jimin in an interview, praising his sexy dance moves, strong voice, and facial expressions. Seven O’Clock also covered BTS’s songs and dances multiple times, so if you are interested, you can check out 2Soul and Taeyoung singing “The Truth Untold” here!

Debuting as a hip-hop group, it was no question for D-CRUNCH members that they would choose BTS as their role models in the K-pop scene. Hyunwoo even revealed during their showcase that J-Hope is his favorite member, mentioning his charisma, dancing, and facial expressions on stage. Dylan, on the other hand, adores Taehyung the most because of his facial expressions and handsome features. One thing is for sure, D-CRUNCH was not afraid to cover their idols’ song. Take a look at their dance medley as an example!

As a former BigHit trainee, it’s no wonder Ahn Hyeongseop was inspired by BTS’s hard work! He mentioned that he adores the seven boys for their relatable lyrics and fresh and cool performances. His partner in crime Lee Euiwoong also chose a BTS member as his role model, saying that Jungkook is his favorite because he is a senior artist with a manly image. The duo even performed a funny dance cover of “Boy In Luv.”

Dong Han was a huge ARMY even before his debut, and his former dance group ended up covering a lot of BTS songs because of him. He never stopped adoring the boys, mentioning them in interviews a few times and even revealing Jungkook as his favorite member. His fans were quick to pick up on Dong Han being a huge fanboy, and they even gifted him an ARMY Bomb during a fan signing. Here’s him covering “Idol” back in 2018:

Soompiers! Who are your favorite BTS fanboys? Tell us in the comments below!Lovelyz’ Sujeong unleashed her inner charisma and mystique as she went solo this time with Tiger Eyes!

Sujeong, from the charming girl group Lovelyz, just dropped her first mini-album Tiger Eyes on May 20, 6 PM KST. The title track “Tiger Eyes” brings out Sujeong’s regal beauty and her innermost dauntlessness. It also signifies her confidence and strong-will in going solo along with an image transformation.
• Lovelyz’ Sujeong Talks About Her Image Transformation For 1st Solo Mini-Album “Tiger Eyes”

Lovelyz’ sweet-voiced Sujeong surprised fans as she announced her debut as a solo artist with the mini-album Tiger Eyes. On May 10 at 12:30 AM KST, she started teasing fans with her enticing voice in the four-second voice teaser.

On May 12, the songstress released a teaser photo of herself clad in a scarlet blush dress with tessellated patterns. The turquoise backdrop perfectly matched her azure hair and captivating eyes which were both coloured blue – all while giving a dreamy yet mysterious gaze.

To further step up her fierce debut, the singer released the Volume 1 of the video track containing “Tiger Eyes” and “CALL BACK”. The song preview highlighted her husky voice and her trademark dulcet tone. It also showed a monochrome footage of the album jacket shooting while she freely posed, channeling animal-printed clothing.

On May 13, the Lovelyz member shared another teaser photo. Sujeong struck a classy pose while flashing her splendid figure. The gray scale photo further brought out her elegance and also highlighted the mystery that she wanted to depict.

She then released the second volume of the video track featuring the songs “Your Name” and “42=”. It showed a behind-the-scene footage of the singer as she intimately posed for the camera while giving a charming look. Her sweet-sounding mellow tone also made the song sounds like a soundtrack from a Korean drama.

On May 14, another teaser photo of the Lovelyz member was revealed. This time, she stood out even more in the intensely-hued teaser photo, which was far from her last monochrome teaser. The prismatic photo vaguely captured Sujeong adorned in colorful fashion pieces while fixing her bewitching gaze in a distance.

“Na, Ni” and “zz” fit as perfect jams on a sunny afternoon. In the third and last volume track, the artist gifted fans lullabies through her calming voice.

The artist kept on hyping her fans up and finally released the highlight medley of her album Tiger Eyes. Through this, Lovelinus were able to take a sneak peek of the tracks she worked hard with.

While the track videos released earlier were in grayscale, the new teaser clips were now notably in full bright colors, which indeed brighten up fans to further anticipate the album.

Sticking to its main concept, Tiger Eyes magnificently presented a set of wholesome tracks that showcased Sujeong’s versatility in singing. It portrayed Sujeong’s infinite capabilities regardless of the song genre and style. She also mentioned before how she took an image transformation which she absolutely achieved.

The intoxicating rhythm of the EDM pop song “Tiger Eyes” comes similar to how tigers stealthily approach its prey. This was also reflected in its lyrics with lines like “The gem-like eyes chasing after you in the darkness remain vividly after closing eyes” and “You can’t get out of me now”.

Its spellbinding tune bewitches anyone who listens to it. Fans will also love how intense and compelling the song is without blaring sounds and high notes. Sujeong’s mellow faint murmur from start to finish causes eargasms, which I personally loved.

Highlighting Sujeong’s rich vocals, the EDM track “CALL BACK” defines a wounded love that has ended. This song mainly depicts how she fearfully tries to find answers while waiting for her loved one to return her call. As she falls short in the past, she bids another hello despite not knowing if there’s a slight chance for her lover to call back.

Opening with a sweet strumming of the guitar, the song “Your Name” contains a melodious tune that easily gets embedded in mind. It’s a lovely ballad full of her dearest confessions about first love which also offers a modest roller coaster of emotions. This song somewhat feels like a Korean drama OST due to its mellow tune and the singer’s poignant rendition.

Meanwhile, “42=” shows her mischievous side through its lyrics like “Should I know my feelings, what should I do, can’t I love both?”. The contemporary R&B song speaks about her love to both person yet she is contemplating whether to choose just one person or love them both.

Another delightful song from her album is the track “Na,Ni” which describes the stages and ways on how she confessed her love. It is a perfect anthem for women taking the initiative to start a relationship with someone she likes.

Last but not the least, Sujeong’s self-written and composed track “zz” is also known as “Lullaby”. Despite containing a quick tempo at the first part, the song puts you into sleep right after its very chorus. This is because of the instrumental piano in the middle part of the song and the music box sounds in the last part. Filled with beautiful comforting words, its whole run shows what a lullaby really sounds like.

Garbed with stunning fineries, Sujeong gracefully pranced in well-lit mystic rooms – from the vast ship port and a neon-lit room to an empty warehouse. With her elegant white dress and azure hair standing out from the red curtain background, the songstress crowned her best prima donna look.

The music video started with the sultry pop sounds of “Tiger Eyes”, defying a brand-new style of music she never tried before. During the music video, a male and female dance troupe with swift moves and registers joined her. Her signature tiger-claw pose also showed and befitted the album concept.

Overall, it was an exhibition of grace and elegance through her very “Tiger Eyes”. It was a gem disguised in sweet lyrical pieces and a flawless music video that everyone should check out. The entire album clamored how Sujeong made her daring take on a whole new concept.Returning to the K-pop scene with a new album The Nocturne on Monday, five-member boy band NU'EST explores the thrill and fascination of nighttime with an homme fatale concept.

The EP is NU'EST's first music release since The Table seven months ago. It marks a dramatic style change into alluring R&B pop from the previous album's breezy, uplifting sound.

Member Baekho lent his talent to the composition and writing of five of the album's six tracks, including the lead single, I'm In Trouble. The Nocturne is the band's eighth EP.

The Nocturne is an album that explores nighttime's various faces with realistic expressions that anyone can empathise with. They are nocturnes filled with our own colours, unlike the sentimental, sorrowful nocturnes in general," Baekho said in a Q&A, released by Pledis Entertainment, ahead of the group's online media showcase for the album.

"With clearer and more vivid expressions, it provides a new perspective apart from the love stories NU'EST has told so far," he noted.

The lead track, I'm In Trouble, "captures the intense moment of (lovers) falling into each other," member JR said.

"Being explicit and fatally (attractive), it will be wholly different from previous albums," according to JR.

Member Minhyun said the lead track's choreography is also reflective of the dramatic style change in music.

"We will be staging a sexy, charismatic performance for this album. We wish to present a more mature NU'EST," member Aron said.

Going forward, NU'EST wishes to be an everyday source of energy for fans with good music, member Ren noted.

The new album's track list includes, besides the lead single, Moon Dance, Firework and Back To Me. – The Korea Herald/Asia News NetworkIf you don’t know what Animal Crossing is, chances are, you might have actually heard about it before. For those of you who are curious, Animal Crossing is a life simulation video game where players take the role of a character who moves to an island and works on building their community from scratch. As its release happened to be during the COVID-19-related quarantine, K-pop fans had time on their hands to manifest their love for the genre through this game.

Here are five ways these K-pop/Animal Crossing crossovers were portrayed amidst this current craze!

This MONSTA X fan surely knows how to promote their favorite group!

This encrypted hint at ATEEZ’s fandom name is pretty subtle!

You know the drill, stan LOONA!

This fan knows how to play their K-pop cards inside the game.

This fan reprised BLACKPINK’s “Kill This Love” and it’s fair to say that they killed it!

This Stray Kids cover of “You Can Stay” is simply on point!

This fan is flaunting NCT’s logo on their character’s shirt like a boss!

And this one here recreated Red Velvet’s outfits from “Psycho.” Talk about creativity!

How to get BT21 merch for free:

This EXO tank top is as simple as it is elegant!

At this point, Animal Crossing is birthing fashion designers, and this TWICE collection is proof!

This MAMAMOOxMoomoo sweater tribute is goals! (Moomoo in Korean means radish, which is the shape of the fandom’s light stick.)

If it isn’t the most famous jersey in K-pop fashion history!

Need some (G)I-DLE art in your room? Look no further!

Devotion at its finest: Painting GOT7 album covers under the stars.

This Girls’ Generation wholesome collection is every Sone’s dream!

2NE1, BLACKPINK, and EXO fans will rejoice with these beautiful album replicas!

And this ELF right here pretty much nailed it!

Now, this DAY6 set is as real as it gets!

And this is the best way to commemorate one of 2NE1’s most iconic stages of all time.

If there was a K-pop island contest, this one below would be hands down the winner.

Which K-pop/Animal Crossing crossover is your favorite? Let us know in the comments below!(BFM Bourse) - Produisant plusieurs groupes de pop coréens -courant musical désigné par le diminutif K-pop- dont le très populaire boys band BTS, le label Big Hit Entertainment a dévoilé son projet d'introduction à la Bourse de Séoul. Sa valorisation pourrait atteindre l'équivalent de plusieurs milliards de dollars.

Les investisseurs éprouveront-ils pour la K-pop le même engouement que des millions de jeunes gens dans le monde? Le phénomène de la "Korean pop", diffusé par internet et les réseaux sociaux connaît désormais une audience mondiale, au point de devenir en tant que tel l'un des plus grand succès à l'exportation du pays du Matin calme. Dans les pas de Psy (l'interprète de Gangnam Style, qui reste l'une des vidéos les plus visionnées de l'histoire de Youtube) les BTS (ou Bangtan Boys) font partie aujourd'hui des groupes coréens qui affolent leurs fans adolescents, de l'Inde aux Etats-Unis en passant par le Moyen-Orient ou la Chine.

Leur maison de production, Big Hit Entertainment, a annoncé jeudi son projet d'introduction à la Bourse de Séoul, a annoncé le Korean Exchange, l'opérateur du marché local.

Fondé en 2005 par Bang Si-hyuk, surnommé "Hitman Bang" pour sa capacité à enchaîner les titres à succès, le label est aujourd'hui la tête de pont de la K-pop. Il gère la carrière de Lee Hyun et du groupe Tommorrow X Together (TXT). Mais sa plus grosse locomotive à l'international est le groupe BTS. Il faudra donc convaincre les investisseurs que Big Hit n'est pas excessivement dépendant du célèbre "boys band" qui lui est contractuellement lié jusqu'en 2025.

Une valorisation comprise entre 2,5 et 3,3 milliards de dollars

BTS compte sept membres dont le chanteur principal, Jeon Jung-kook, et provoque des émeutes à chaque apparition. À plusieurs reprises, un geste ou une phrase de "Jungkook" a provoqué une ruée des adeptes sur certains produits, ce jusqu'aux Etats-Unis. Lors d'une conversation en ligne, il a répondu qu'il utilisait un certain adoucissant pour soigner son linge, provoquant une rupture de stocks du produit en question (Downy, parfum Amber Blossom). Ses fans vont jusqu'à se précipiter sur le modèle précis de coque de téléphone (Samsung il va de soi, BTS étant ambassadeur de la marque) qu'il utilise.

Quant à Big Hit Entertainement, dont le capital est détenu à 45% par son fondateur, aux côté d'un éditeur de jeux vidéo (Netmarble), son chiffre d'affaires a quasiment doublé l'an dernier pour atteindre à 587,2 milliards de wons et son résultat opérationnel à 98,7 milliards, équivalent respectivement à 427 millions et 72 millions d’euros.

D'après une source interrogée par le magazine Variety, le label pourrait opter pour une fourchette de valorisation comprise entre 2,5 et 3,3 milliards de dollars, alors que la popularité de BTS est plus forte que jamais et que Big Hit s'est récemment diversifié par le rachat de Source Music (producteur d'un groupe féminin, GFRIEND).Popular music star Joji was trending worldwide on Twitter on May 11 after KPop fans discovered his YouTube past as Filthy Frank. The fictional character’s edgy humor has some users extremely upset.

Joji is one of the most popular musicians in the world right now, with a slew of #1 singles like Slow Dancing in the Dark, Sanctuary, and Run. However, the freshman musician has come under fire for his YouTube past.

In what is the worst kept secret on the internet, the Billboard chart-topping star played a fictional character on YouTube named Filthy Frank for over 10 years. However, some Twitter users only made the discovery in 2020, and are angry about it.

For over a decade, George Miller was deemed by many as the “king of the internet.” The creator was responsible for the insanely viral Harlem Shake phenomena, and portrayed YouTube’s most comically vile character, Filthy Frank.

Miller eventually left the channel behind, and transitioned into a music career as Joji. However, on May 11 the star began trending on Twitter after some KPop users are only now making the discovery of his past alias.
• Read More: David Dobrik confronts drunk trespasser in his backyard



The whole thing kicked off when Twitter user ‘jinsolbi’ tweeted about his 2017 musical project as ‘Pink Guy’ – a fictional character in the FilthyFrank universe. “joji literally having a song where he says [racist term]…like you can’t be serious,” they tweeted.

The hashtag ‘jojiisoverparty’ began to trend on Twitter’s Kpop section after users replied to jinsolbi’s post. Many of them were shocked, as they were only just finding out about Miller’s edgy humor from years ago.

Not all were critical of the international artist, as some came to his defense of what they argued “was known for years.” Popular YouTuber Dolan Dark mocked those upset about it. “Just found out Joji is Filthy Frank. Shaking and crying,” he tweeted sarcastically.

Other users such as ‘YMustIExist’ found the whole situation hilarious. “Damn, watching these kpop stans find out that joji used to be filthyfrank is the funniest” they tweeted, while also including a clip of the character.

Miller has been open for years about the character, arguing that it’s satire. “Filthy Frank is the embodiment of everything a person should not be. This terrible offensiveness is a deliberate parody of the whole social media scene,” the description of his YouTube channel reads.
• Read More: Amouranth banned for third time on Twitch

Despite the artist having largely put distance between himself and the old creation, his past has largely been known publicly. His transition into a chart topping musician has often been praised within the content community, making this criticism years later all the more surprising.SEOUL, 14 mai (Yonhap) -- Après avoir reporté sa tournée internationale cette année en raison de la pandémie de nouveau coronavirus (Covid-19), le boys band BTS se produira sur scène dans le cadre d'un concert en ligne le mois prochain pour ses fans du monde entier, a fait savoir ce jeudi son agence BigHit Entertainment.PETALING JAYA, May 8 — Malaysian Muslim fans of K-pop superstars BTS have defended themselves on Twitter after they were accused of creating and joining an “Agama BTS (BTS Religion)” channel on Telegram.

Screenshots of the channel show an anonymous admin seemingly calling on Muslim fans to “stop praying five times a day” and to dedicate prayer times to watching BTS videos instead.

The messages, which are written in Indonesian, also outline “prayer rituals” involving lightsticks and posters while addressing the BTS members as “prophets.”

Fans of the septet, known as ARMYs, have taken to Twitter to denounce the stunt while relating the painful consequences that have been borne by those who were wrongly associated with the chat group.

One user, known as @infiresmayn, compiled anonymous accounts from Malaysian ARMYs on Twitter who talked about being ostracised from family and friends due to the “Agama BTS” fiasco.

“Because of one lie, I’ve lost friends, been accused of apostatising, and my dad has lost trust in me.

“All of us are getting framed, some of us have even given up. In my eight years of being an ARMY, this is what’s disappointed me the most because no one will believe us,” said one Twitter user.

Another fan confessed that her mother nearly destroyed all her K-pop merchandise after finding out about the “Agama BTS” group.

“Because of this slander, all my K-pop merchandise was almost burnt and thrown away.

“I’ve been labelled as an apostate and my mum won’t believe me. I can’t stand it anymore,” she wrote.

A screenshot making its rounds online have shown that the “Agama BTS” channel was allegedly created by an anti-fan of the band who revelled in knowing that they had managed to wreak havoc in the lives of ARMYs.

The hashtag #staystrongMYarmy has since been trending on Twitter to show messages of support for local fans of the Boy With Luv singers, many of whom have been struggling to clear their name amongst their peers.Jaemin and Renjun of NCT Dream let fans in on their upcoming content.“Why did we come on V Live? Because we miss you, of course, but also ...” Jaemin began.The pair, as well as their fans, have been wanting to have a cooking show and “may” start one soon, they said, and wanted recommendations. The viewers instantly sent in names of the dishes that included tteokboki and malatang.“Isn’t malatang hard to make?” Jaemin asked and Renjun replied that he does not know how to but they would probably need to make bone broth.“Then we may have to start 12 hours before shooting,” mumbled Jaemin stifling a grin.Going through the suggestions, Renjun let out that Chenle and Jisung also will have their turn and already decided to make Chinese dishes.“What about Jeno? He will be the MC ... or a judge,” said Renjun.“Thank you everyone for the ideas although we might go for what Jeno likes,” said Jaemin.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/192458.Han Seungwoo of Victon took to V Live after it was made official that the band will release new EP on June 2.“The sudden announcement that we will come back must have surprised and baffled you,” he went on after a brief pause. “But we wanted to continue building up precious memory with you as soon as possible.”When fans asked him to drop some hints, he said it was too early to give out spoilers.“When there is about a week left, I will start giving you clues bit by bit,” promised the leader of the band. He is happy to be able to come out with new music so soon, although it would have been better if they could meet in person.Han also thanked for his Instagram account having amassed 1 million followers. He has not been as active as he wanted to be, but is glad to have another medium of communication, he said.There are just about 40 pictures posted so far since he is quite selective, admitted the musician.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/192477.Yeji, Ryujin and Yuna of ITZY invited fans to play games together.“As the broadcast title suggests, we’re going to play rock, paper and scissors and the losers will be given penalties, picked from those recommended by you,” explained Yeji and Ryujin.Yeji was the first to lose and the leader begged the bandmates to go easy on her since it was the first round. Ryujin decided to let her get away with a wink.From the second round on, they agreed that they should pick the penalty first and chose braiding hair. The three shrieked and squealed, going through multiple tries before Yeji lost again and they realized that their voices were way too loud. Yeji quickly accepted her fate and let the two have a go at her long blonde mane.With Yeji sporting a half up and half down hair, they continued, this time with a “too-cute” song as a penalty. They forgot and squealed when Yeji lost again.“It‘s perfect with the hair!” exclaimed Ryujin as Yeji covered her face.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/192514.Kpop Herald reporters Hong Dam-young and Kwon Yae-rim unboxed TXT’s new EP “The Dream Chapter: Eternity.”It is the third installment of the “Dream” series, following “Star” and “Magic.” In “Star” they talked about how they found each other and began their journey and “Magic” was about the wonderful experience they had. In the new EP, however, they sing about the conflicts, and their friendship taking a turn into a dark phase, said Hong.At first it seems to contradict the title “Eternity,” Hong agreed with Kwon, but it does end in a more positive note as they embrace friendship as a whole with all the lows and highs.Having such narrative in an album, and a story arch that link through a series is quite rewarding, noted Kwon.The quintet also took a stab at writing a song. Led by Beomgyu, they participated in writing the lyrics and melody of “Maze In The Mirror,” a personal recollection on trainee days.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/191930.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=The K-pop star is a variety show favourite, dyes her hair various colours and doesn’t seem to care what others think of her – but what else is there to know?If you are a K-pop fan and have never heard of BgA, it is pretty much normal and you would be pardoned. After all, they are a one-of-a-kind K-pop group of “Five Guys Who Can’t sing, Dance Or Really Speak Korean”.

On May 3, BgA leader, R.O.P (aka Ryan Higa), out of the (Sunday) blue, uploaded his group debut music video “Dong Saya Dae” on his Facebook page, with a caption: “4 years ago, 5 guys who really can’t sing, dance nor speak Korean try to start a Kpop Band..”

The Face of the Group’s post immediately attracted attention from his followers, with many suggesting (and demanding) as a comeback hint. After the last comeback with “Who’s It Gonna Be” in 2017, BgA has since gone into hiatus for over three years now.

In case you missed it, BgA (abbreviation for Boys Generally Asian) is a unlike-your-typical K-pop male group that consists of five Asian American members, namely YouTuber Ryan Higa, musician David Choi, film maker Philip Wang, actor Justin Chon, and musician Jun Sung Ahn.
• Read More: “Five Guys Who Can’t sing, Dance Or Really Speak Korean” Successfully Debut As A K-pop Band

On 13 May 2016, BgA debuted with an exceptional-written song titled “Dong Saya Dae” (“I Have To Take A S**T”) and its music video, and immediately attracted worldwide K-pop fandoms despite lack of publicity – except their individual social media channels. They even went on to beat the (real) K-pop Kings on iTunes Charts and continued the dominance for a while.

BgA’s success was frequently attributed to how they approached the genre in an unconventional way by forming a K-pop group with “Five Guys Who Can’t sing, Dance Or Really Speak Korean”.

The group returned to the music scene on 24 March 2017 with their comeback track “Who’s It Gonna Be”, with its music video highlighting the real issues faced in K-pop at that time.

The music video talks about one of its members Jun, who is the visual face of the group, and luckily gets all the attention like any other K-pop groups today. But it becomes unfair to the other not-so-popular members as they are kicked out to the background. This creates discontentment, and highlights the possible demise of a group, serving a good reminder to fans that all members of a group should best be treated the same even though there can be an individual bias.

In the storyline, BgA also revealed its fan club name for the first time. The boys would have gone ahead with the fan club name as “ARMY” when fans dropped approving comments after it was briefly mentioned in its debut MV as “BgA ARMYs”. But in a good sense of humor, they brought up that “ARMY” is already taken by a Behind The Scene boy (BTS) group, so they decided on the name “K-pooper” since their first and only song is about “poop”, all thanks to David.

With the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic taking a critical toll on the world this year, it is perhaps time for BgA to be back, if not for the music, at least for the laughs.This story is a part of i-D Asia's Music Week, an entire week dedicated to spotlighting rising musical talents across the Asia region. Follow along as we explore how a new generation of artists are taking their place on the world stage.

For Korean singer-songwriter Crush, music runs in the family. His parents and many of his relatives are deeply rooted in music, but Crush is the first in the family to make it big. In the six years that he’s been in the industry, the 28 year-old has become one of the most defining voices of South Korean R&B. His sound is informed by a mix of old school jazz and modern hip-hop, and has impressed other R&B artists around the world, leading to collaborations with the likes of Pink Sweat$, Joyce Wrice and Devin Morrison.

Crush, who released his second album last December, was planning a spring tour until the coronavirus halted everything. “I got an unintended vacation,” he tells us over the phone. It’s 11PM and our conversation nears midnight, but this is typical for Crush. “I’m just working on some music and planning the release of my next album,” he explains. “I tried to rest and get into some hobbies, but I just got back to working on music.”

The product of Crush’s latest endeavours is homemade, an aptly-named album produced entirely at home during the COVID-19 lockdown. It’s being released in a series of instalments starting with "Mayday", a single featuring Joy of K-pop group, Red Velvet. Last week, just before he dropped homemade 1, Crush spoke with us about performing while social distancing, singing for Pharrell and clapping through the pandemic.

How has the pandemic changed your plans for the year?

My concert tour got cancelled, so I took some time to rest. I tried playing games for the first time in my life, and spent close to $400 on Winning Eleven. But I couldn’t really get into it and just started producing homemade. I also did an hour-long live streaming event for my fans who are under self quarantine because I wanted to find a way to connect with them. homemade is the first body of work since my debut album where I did everything from the songwriting to recording all by myself, without other producers.

Tell us about "Mayday", the first song of the homemade series. What was the inspiration behind it?

In terms of genre, it’s an easy hip-hop and R&B track. When writing the lyrics, I was inspired by my own experiences with social distancing. The song is about my desire to go outside, enjoy nature and travel, because we’ve been stuck at home for so long. I tried to express my frustration of the situation in a fun and light way.

The music video is quite funny. Can you explain the plot?

It’s all shot at my house. I’m bored at home, rolling around, not knowing what to do all alone, until I see a chef on TV cooking up a friend. I get excited and try to cook up a friend for myself. My dog Doyou’s fur is the most important ingredient. I succeed, and the friend I make is Joy.

You’ve been street performing during social distancing guidelines. How was that experience?

We are filming street performances for the upcoming season of Korean television show, Begin Again. The subtext is to perform while social distancing, and to provide an entertaining and healing experience for those on the frontlines of the pandemic. Instead of just performing on the street, we would film at the airport, for example, where it’s mostly empty save for airport and airline employees. We just performed at Incheon Airport yesterday, and every member of the audience sat two meters apart. It was strange because everyone was wearing masks and I was concerned because I couldn’t see their reactions. But it turned out to be a surreal experience — we could still bond via eye contact.

San Yawn of Balming Tiger acts as your creative director. How did you begin working together?

We first started hanging out as friends, listening to and sharing music with each other. San ideates and directs a lot of creative concepts for me, like the content of my songs and music videos. He’s the one person who made me really open up and become honest with myself. I used to think that I had to always look cool and hide these nerdy parts of me, but San helped me realise that showing my true, natural self actually makes me more approachable. We are all nerdy and uncool on the inside, some way or other.

You met with Pharrell and Tyler, the Creator a couple years back. What was the occasion?

I was in Los Angeles for three months working on some music. I was at Chalice Recording Studios, and just saw the two of them eating lunch in the lobby. I was so starstruck, and gifted them my first album, Interlude. Pharrell asked me to sing for them, and I was so nervous my mind went blank. The cover photo of Interlude has my face on it, and Pharrell was like, "The guy in this photo would not be so shy like you are now." So I sang "fall", which was hilarious because it didn’t fit the situation at all.

If you could pick one song that represents you the most, which would it be?

Personally, I’d recommend "NAPPA". The song and its music video contains a lot of elements that are really me.

You’ve opened up about your panic disorder in the past. How are you managing it? And what would you like to say to those who are going through difficult times because of the pandemic?

I used to think badly of my anxiety problems, but I realised that it’s something many people share. These days, I clap a lot. That might sound outrageous, but clapping and applauding makes me feel good. We also made it a point to clap the whole time while filming the music video. I think positivity can win over the virus.

What's your goal for the remainder of 2020? For life?

Rather than a goal, I have a wish. I wish for everyone to be healthy and happy. I hope we can get through these times and start participating in cultural events again. My lifelong dream is to be a good dad someday, and to continue studying music as long as I can.

In light of i-D Asia Music Week, can you recommend your favourite Korean or Asian musicians we should listen to next?

Dean, Hyukoh, and Jeremy Passion.Calling all global K-pop fans! KPOP North will be hosting this year’s biggest free online concert, bringing your favorite artists right onto your digital devices!

Global K-pop fans are in for a delight as KPOP North hosts this year’s largest live-streamed concert. Following the postponements of numerous K-pop events and concerts this year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, KPOP North aims to overcome this challenge and connect fans to their favorite artists once more.

From the Canadian company that brought Canada’s largest K-pop concert to the country last year, KPOP North Live 2020 is going global with a special live-streamed concert unlike any other.

The event will truly be a unique experience for fans and artists alike.

KPOP North Live 2020 will be a jam-packed event with various activities fans can look forward to enjoy with their favorite idols. It will include live performances by the artists, interactive games, and more surprises in store!

The online event will be available worldwide on a free livestream. Global fans can enjoy the party as MC’s will lead the event in English.

Following the concert, the entire event will remain online and available in various languages for non-English fans to enjoy.

Aiming for the best possible engagement with global fans, KPOP North Live 2020 encourages K-Pop followers to add their input. The organizers have created a SURVEY where fans can provide details of where they are located and what they would like to see included in the event.

Additionally, anyone who takes the survey gets a chance to win amazing prizes. This includes a round trip to South Korea from your city anywhere in the world, or an Apple iPad Air (3rd generation), or Apple AirPods!

A teaser for what is in store

KPOP North held the largest Canadian K-pop event in 2019 with incredible success. To get a small glimpse at the festivities fans can expect to the online event this year, check out last year’s highlights.

Attending artists from last year’s event included sensational artists such as KARD, The Rose, Zion. T, and VERIVERY.Blackpink's member Lisa Photo: iQIYI's reality show Youth With You official Sina Weibo account

Chinese fans showed concern for K-pop star Lisa, the Thai member of South Korean girl band Blackpink, after she received a death threat on social media.On Saturday a netizen going by the username @Ma0be554 posted on Twitter that "Once BLACKPINK has their comeback stage, I am going to shoot BLACKPINK's Lisa, and you can say goodbye to your bias because that's the last time you'll ever see her ugly face again."Hundreds of thousands of netizens, including many Chinese, took to Twitter to criticize the account, calling for an end to the threatening behavior. The account was later suspended for violating the platform's TOS.The hashtag for the news about the death threat had earned 1.23 billion views on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo as of Tuesday afternoon, with many Chinese fans leaving worried or comforting messages on Lisa's official Sina Weibo account in Chinese, Thai and English."It is so horrible to see the news. YG Entertainment needs to call police officers for an investigation. The cyber-bullying phenomenon toward celebrities is becoming worse, and we need to take more strict actions to punish this evil," one Chinese netizen posted on Sina Weibo.This is not the first time that the star has received death threats.According to reports, in early April a user on Instagram also posted a photo of Lisa beneath a tomb with the words "I will kill Lisa. I have my gun already."Zhao Binran, a member of a Lisa fan club living in East China's Shanghai Municipality, told the Global Times on Tuesday that he thinks this may have just been a troll since he feels someone who really wanted to kill someone would be less likely to make the information public."The police and agencies for the star will investigate this kind of behavior made in bad taste. After all, the news has already been made public, so they will be the target of even greater condemnation if they are derelict in their duty."Zhao said YG Entertainment most likely will not cancel any announcements or events because of these threats."Otherwise, YG Entertainment's competitors would hire various netizens to carry out these types of cyber attacks online," he said.YG Entertainment confirmed Monday that Blackpink is scheduled to release a new album in June, which will be their first album in 2020, South Korean news site Soompi reported on Monday.Some Chinese fans also expressed concern for Lisa's mental health, recalling the suicides of South Korean singers Suli and Goo Hara.However, Zhao said he has faith in his idol since he and his fan club friends all think Lisa is a very rational person who can handle the difficulties she encounters as a public figure.Lisa is not the first celebrity to receive death threats. Many other stars around the world have dealt with these threats including K-pop boy band BTS's Jimin, Indian actor Aamir Khan and Chinese actress Fan Bingbing."Death threats are an extreme example of cyberbullying that is much more severe than the usual insults, defamation and the spreading of rumors. Any condemnation is useless in stopping this behavior," Shi Wenxue, a film critic based in Beijing, told the Global Times on Tuesday.He suggested that the law is the best protective measure."Even if litigation takes a long time and the costs are high, these people must be informed that network security is also a part of personal security, and that the internet is not beyond the law."K-Pop idol Lisa’s legs is the latest quarantine meme to hit the internet.

The BlackPink member accidentally started a whole new internet ‘Did it Work?’ meme, crediting her thigh-high leather boots featured in a sultry dance cover of 6lack and Quin’s 2019 single ‘Mushroom Chocolate’ released on her personal YouTube channel.

Users soon jumped on the hilarious meme bandwagon by screenshotting her dance performance and cropping themselves, or other public figures, side-by-side to the K-Pop artist’s pair of thigh-high boots.

High-profile celebrities like Dolly Parton, Luke Evans, Stephen Colbert, Lil Nas X, and James Corden have also similarly taken part of the current meme craze and captioned “Did it Work?” in their posts.

In just a week, her video performance choreographed by Cheshir Ha and filmed by Anthony King has already amassed 17 million views.

Known for her dancing skills, YG Entertainment’s first non-Korean artist has been regularly posting dance covers on her YouTube account.

The Thailand-born rapper and dancer was a trainee under YG Entertainment before making her debut as a BlackPink member in August 2016. She is reportedly the most-followed K-Pop star on Instagram, amassing a whopping 32.4 million followers.

Aside from her group activities, Lisa is currently a mentor on Chinese talent show, ‘Youth With You’, alongside Cai Xukun, Jony J, and Ella Chen.

While Blinks are looking forward to solo music from Lisa, they are anticipating BlackPink’s collaboration with Lady Gaga.Make way for OH MY GIRL!

The Korean Business Research Institute has recently revealed the brand reputation rankings for female idol groups for May 2020. Based on their latest list, OH MY GIRL has risen as the number one K-Pop girl group this month!

The rankings are based on various factors including consumer participation, media, communication, and community indices analyzed by the organization. Particularly, it extracted a total of 66,732,819 pieces of data among numerous girl groups from April 11 to May 10.

After seeing a striking 99.68 percent increase in their score since last month, rising idol group OH MY GIRL secured the top spot this May. The girls were able to score a brand reputation index of 4,769,650.

Some of the high-ranking phrases in the group’s keyword analysis are their latest hit “Nonstop”, “YouTube”, and “comeback”. The flattering words such as “cool”, “do well”, and “shine” are likewise present as the girls’ high-ranking related terms.

Following closely at the second place is trusted female idol group Apink. The girls, who recently made their fans’ hearts go “Duhmdurum”, obtained a brand reputation index of 4,723,734 after an impressive 24.82 percent rise in their score.
• Apink Gears Up For A Grand Slam With Six Music Show Wins

Securing the third spot is YG Entertainment’s prized girl group BLACKPINK. The femme fatale quartet recorded a brand reputation index of 4,197,845. Fans should watch out as the girls are set to make their fiery return this June.

Rounding up our top-five list this May are well-loved K-Pop girl groups Red Velvet and TWICE. Red Velvet took fourth place with a 4,024,619 brand reputation index, while TWICE grabbed the fifth spot with 3,962,624.

Here are the other female idol groups who entered the Top 30 this May 2020:The Korea Creative Content Agency (Kocca) and South Korea’s Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism (MCST) will be sponsoring a virtual concert set to take place from May 19 - 21.

The event, titled Trip To K-pop, features a line-up of 13 artistes and will be hosted by B1A4’s Sandeul.

Kicking off the event on May 19 are iKON, Soran, BIBI, and Natty. Performing on May 20 will be Kim Jae Hwan, APRIL, Daybreak, and Isaac Hong. The event will wrap up on May 21 with performances from Oh My Girl, KARD, Balming Tiger, Samuel Seo, and Martin Smith.

Viewers will be able to stream the concert live via Kocca’s official YouTube channel or SBS Media's The K-Pop channel from 6pm (local time) on the respective dates.

Fans who have the U+Idol Live app will also have the unique opportunity to chat with the artistes in real time via the app. Kim Young-joon, the director of Kocca, stated that the event presents an opportunity bring hope to people during these bleak times via K-pop. “We aspire to deliver a message of hope and cheer through the medium of K-pop, which has become so beloved worldwide. This is a message of support to the people who are weary due to Covid-19. “In order to curb the spread of Covid-19, we are maintaining social distancing. I hope this concert event will give everyone the opportunity to experience (Korean) culture together despite this social distancing in our everyday lives, ” he said.Singers Jung Joon Young and Choi Jong Hoon have had their prison sentences reduced after they were jailed on gang rape charges in 2019.

Last year Jung, 31, and Choi, also 31, were convicted of charges of aggravated rape, including sexually assaulting women in 2016.

In court in Seoul on Tuesday, reports Yonhap News, singer Jung’s sentence was reduced from six to five years.

Meanwhile Choi, formerly of the boy group F.T. Island, will now serve two and a half years rather than his original sentence of five.

Both men had been sentenced to undergo 80 hours in a sexual violence rehabilitation programme and have been banned from working at children and youth facilities for five years.

2 Days & 1 Night star Jung had admitted to the charges of secretly filming and distributing sex videos, but denied the charge of rape, while Choi had denied all criminal charges against him.

Jung and Choi burst into tears after being convicted.

Choi was the leader of FT Island, a rock group which debuted in 2007. Their hits include I Hope and Lovesick.

Jung was the front man of the band Drug Restaurant and had a successful solo career with songs including The Sense Of An Ending and Sympathy – however, he retired from the entertainment industry after admitting to filming and sharing intimate footage.

Choi also quit the industry last year in the wake of the allegations against him.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Kylie Jenner proves Stormi is most obedient kid ever as she stops herself eating chocolate in cute challenge

MORE : Kurt Cobain’s guitar from Nirvana’s MTV Unplugged show goes up for $1million at auction
• K-pop boy group NCT 127 performed a virtual concert, "Beyond the Origin," as part of SM Entertainment and Naver's Beyond LIVE concert series.
• The event managed to bring all of the magic of an in-person concert, allowing the performers and fans to connect with each other.
• The event makes a strong case for virtual entertainment and fandom's willingness to embrace it.
• NCT 127 spoke with Insider about their most recent concert and album.

On Saturday night, I was getting ready for a K-pop concert. Usually, that involves determining my concert 'fit well in advance, playing purse Tetris to get my essential belongings (phone, portable charger, lipstick) in a bag small enough to get into a stadium, and taking pictures with my friends before we hop into a car to deal with time-consuming event parking. This time, however, I was sitting on my couch alone in sweatpants at 1 a.m., drinking tea, and watching YouTube videos to pass the time until K-pop group NCT 127's virtual "Beyond the Origin" concert began at 2 a.m. ET.

"Beyond the Origin" was livestreamed virtually on South Korean live streaming platform V Live on May 17 at 3 p.m. KST. The result of a partnership between SM Entertainment and Korean search engine Naver, Beyond LIVE has pulled in artists ranging from K-pop supergroup SuperM to legends like TVXQ and Super Junior. NCT 127's concert drew in 104,000 paid viewers from 129 different countries, and #NCT127_BeyondLIVE trended at number one worldwide on Twitter.

The immersive experience shows what successful live concerts could look like going forward in the new pandemic age.

"Beyond the Origin" was a technology forward virtual concert that helped fans connect with NCT 127

"Beyond the Origin" featured performances from NCT 127 group members Taeyong, Taeil, Johnny, Yuta, Doyoung, Jaehyun, Jungwoo, Mark, and Haechan, accompanied by spectacular AR elements like a giant golden dragon that flew around the screen during the group's recent single "Kick It" or a stunning virtual highway setting during the performance of "Highway to Heaven." At the same time, the concert was "unexpectedly intimate," as The Korea Herald's Kwon Yae-rim noted. Video feeds of fans — called NCTzens, or sometimes Tizennies (pronounced "seasonies" in English) — from around the world filled the screens both in front of and behind NCT 127 at points throughout the show. The group occasionally read comments from the live chat, even taking a few fan questions at one point during the show.

NCT 127 performed singles like "Kick It" and "Punch" at the "Beyond the Origin" concert. SM Entertainment

That virtual intimacy was the concert's greatest achievement. "Beyond the Origin" affected me — a formerly casual NCT 127 listener — in the same way that seeing a group live for the first time typically has in the past: it sent me spiraling deep into a fandom rabbit hole, determined to prolong the concert high and learn as much about the group as possible in the days after. After two hours of watching NCT 127 perform, interact with fans, and have what looked like a total blast on the virtual stage, I've spent the past week consuming as much of NCT 127's discography as humanly possible.

For NCT 127, performing virtually allowed the group to connect with fans during a difficult time

"Beyond the Origin" was an internationally focused effort from the get-go, with the concert kicking off with "Cherry Bomb" (performed in Korean), "Chain" (performed in Japanese), and "Regular" (performed in English). The group then proceeded to introduce themselves in seven different languages — Doyoung in Chinese, Taeil in Thai, Yuta in Japanese, Jungwoo and Taeyong in Korean, Jaehyun and Mark in English, Haechan in Indonesian, and Johnny in Spanish.

"I was really excited that we could connect with our fans all over the world at the exact same time," Jungwoo told Insider. "It was exciting knowing that there were going to be a lot of people tuning in from all over."

The group debuted its new single, "Punch," during the concert, two days ahead of its official release on May 19 as part of repackaged album "NCT #127 Neo Zone: The Final Round." An energetic single that comes out of the gate with a strong synth hook, "Punch" is about "overcoming loneliness and achieving an impressive victory," said Jaehyun.

As much as the Beyond LIVE concert was rooted in the group's performances of familiar songs like "Wake Up" or "Baby Don't Like It," it was also about connecting with fans and having a plain good time. The group read feedback from NCTzens in real time as they reacted to new songs like "Make Your Day," a vocal ballad, and "Punch;" they later took questions from three different fans from South Korea, the United States, and Japan.

"Before the show, I was honestly a bit worried about us putting on a full, fun, and enjoyable show for our fans," Yuta said. "But seeing all the faces of our fans across the many screens, hearing their cheers and screams was pretty great. I actually felt a huge wave of energy from it all, and I hope everyone who tuned into the show felt the same."

"The fact that we had the chance to meet and interact with our fans all across the globe at the same time was awesome," Taeil also said.

The group also noted, however, that performing in a virtual concert presented unique challenges. Paying careful attention to the camera was twice as important given that it was the sole medium between the performers and fans. "We didn't get to see our fans in-person, but we tried our best to work with the cameras and make it seem like our fans were there — as if we were making direct eye contact with them," Haechan said.

For certain members of the group, this wasn't their first Beyond LIVE concert: Mark and Taeyong are both members of SuperM, SM Entertainment's hybrid supergroup that performed on April 24, and Haechan performed with NCT Dream on May 10. "Because I had done it once before, the second time around I felt much more natural on stage," Taeyong said.

"Each stage felt very different for me," said Mark, who raps in both NCT 127 and SuperM. "I think that participating in both teams brings out the versatility within me, and makes me want to perform harder for every stage."

NCT 127 has already been connecting with fans online, both before and during the pandemic, with livestreams and original content

The group's members have been regularly interacting with fans on social media, whether it's on Twitter or via casual livestreams on their V Live channel. Leading up to NCT 127's most recent comeback with "Punch," the group put out two episodes of "The Late Punch Punch Show" on YouTube, a late night-esque skit that saw members of the group playing children's' instruments while Doyoung and Jungwoo hosted interview subjects (also members of the group). In mid-April, Johnny and Mark released a short body-swap skit titled, "Freaky Handshake."

"The content we put out, a lot of the time starts off as jokes," Johnny said. "When we're together we like to have a lot of fun, but sometimes we think, 'Wow this is actually really funny, we should make this into something…' We pitch the concept to the [content] team, and talk through how we're going to shoot it. I think that is the reason a lot of the things we put out are very natural and we have fun filming them as well."

That kind of process allows the group's personality to shine through — in an episode of "Johnny's Communication Center," Johnny's recurring vlog series, he and Mark go behind-the-scenes of making "Freaky Handshake," revealing an off-the-cuff process filled with plenty of laughs along the way.

"Beyond the Origin" proved that virtual concerts can affect fans in similar ways as live events

While live events are incredibly compelling, NCT 127's "Beyond the Origin" concert made a strong case for the power of virtual entertainment. A large part of that was due to the technology that allowed for near-constant feedback from the audience, ranging from chat boxes to live cheers. At one point during the concert, fans connected to the system were cheering so loudly that the group asked for the volume to be turned down. During another, Mark asked a fan from Kansas if she was calling in from her kitchen. It was that kind of organic interaction that made "Beyond the Origin" feel like a two-way street, mimicking the in-person concert atmosphere.

Watching the concert (and following along with the fandom on Twitter throughout), I still felt like I was part of a collective experience. Other artists have also leveraged that fandom sentiment: aside from the other SM Entertainment artists performing as part of the Beyond LIVE series, Korean group BTS also hosted Bang Bang Con, a two-day event during which fans were able to collectively experience the group's pre-recorded concerts through a free YouTube livestream that drew over 50 million viewers. The group also will host a livestreamed concert titled "Bang Bang Con: The Live Concert" on June 14.

On a personal level, "Beyond the Origin" managed to deliver on all of my favorite parts of the concert experience, particularly in the small, in-the-moment interactions between artists and fans. While I went in as someone with an average knowledge of NCT 127's discography, I came out enamored with the group and more than ready to fully stan.

Ultimately, the power of these events is testament to the connections between artists and fans. "Even though we're sad that we cannot meet in person, I've always been thinking that we're still together, close in our hearts — I had the same mindset during our Beyond LIVE show as well," Doyoung said.

"Nothing can beat the magic that appears when we are together, right?" Mark said.
• 2 TikTokers incited rage from K-pop fans after they posted a dance challenge inspired by 'Dumhdurum' with no credit
• BTS fans are celebrating what would have been the first day of the group's postponed 'Map of the Soul' tour by posting covers, concert videos, and art
• A mysterious fake K-pop girl group fooled fans for days, and this isn't the first time it's happenedShawols, are you ready for vlogger Taemin?

SHINee’s Taemin is launching his vlog series titled 탬로그 6v6 (TAEMLOG 6v6) which will show his colourful charms!

Adding in joy to fans, the SHINee member is set to kick off the series with its first episode airing this May 6 at 6 PM KST.

It will be available on SHINee’s official SNS accounts, followed by their YouTube and SMTOWN’s Naver TV channel at 7 PM KST afterward. Expected to draw keen attention from fans, new episodes from the series will be unveiled every Wednesday.

TAEMLOG 6v6 is produced in a short clip format optimized for SNS so that fans can enjoy the singer’s vlog contents in a trendy way. Through various episodes, they can meet Taemin’s natural and candid self in his everyday life along with various honest and straightforward talks.

Its first episode, which will be released at 6 PM KST today, is expected draw attention as it features Taemin at the scene of the world’s first online paid concert SuperM – Beyond the Future, which was successfully held last April 26. He will be sharing his experiences and giving some behind-the-scenes look at moments from the showcase.

For its teaser clip, the SHINee member asked fans to look forward to the vlog series. “Instead of celebrity Taemin, I will show you my natural self as human Lee Taemin without anything hidden at all,” he said, adorably calling fans his buddies as well.
• SHINee’s Taemin Has Made London Fall In Love With Him In Photos Released By Vogue KoreaTwitter was abuzz on Thursday as Blackpink fans also known as “Blinks” stormed the platform with the hashtag “NO_More_Lies_YG.”



In Seoul, a truck hired by fans was dispatched outside YG Entertainment’s building in the city’s Mapo District, for the second time within six months, as YG staff members coming out of the building looked dumbfounded.



“Let’s kills this love,” the group’s 2019 hit single “Kills This Love” was being blasted through the speaker next to a digital billboard demanding more Blackpink content.



A truck with a speaker sounds rather extravagant, but emotions are running high within the fandom.



“(YG) has said a new album was on the way early this year but it’s almost the end of the first half and we don’t even have the release date yet,” said DC Blackpink Gallery, an online fandom community in Korea that hired the truck.



The latest announcement that the group will release new music in June appears not much of a comfort.



“Even when we get a new album in June, it’s highly likely that Blackpink might go on a long hiatus again. We want a fundamental change in YG’s system and attitude,” the online community said.









“Recently, YG confirmed Blackpink’s comeback in June, but we blinks have not had a proper comeback date confirmation, we are so thirsty for new music,” Malaysian fan Sangitha said.



It’s worth noting that the debut of label’s new boy band TREASURE in July has been confirmed in a more concrete way, what with a teaser clip, than Blackpink’s comeback which is scheduled for a month before. 



Kalzang Dadul from India says the group’s discography is too small for their career.



“Blackpink is a 4-year-old girl group with no full album to date. Imagine our frustration when there is so little of the music we most like to listen to,” he said.



Justine, a Taiwanese fan says fans simply want regular updates from the company.



“It’s because we don’t get enough updates, new music or even other opportunities for performing or TV appearances.”



Since their debut in August 2016, a total of 13 original songs have been released so far from three singles and two EPs -- minus Jennie’s 2018 single “Solo” -- which come down to just over three songs per year. 



The bright side is that at least one song featuring Blackpink has been confirmed -- “Sour Candy” a collaboration track with Lady Gaga on her new album “Chromatica” which is set for release on May 29.



By Yim Hyun-su ( The sentiment is similar among international fans.“Recently, YG confirmed Blackpink’s comeback in June, but we blinks have not had a proper comeback date confirmation, we are so thirsty for new music,” Malaysian fan Sangitha said.It’s worth noting that the debut of label’s new boy band TREASURE in July has been confirmed in a more concrete way, what with a teaser clip, than Blackpink’s comeback which is scheduled for a month before.Kalzang Dadul from India says the group’s discography is too small for their career.“Blackpink is a 4-year-old girl group with no full album to date. Imagine our frustration when there is so little of the music we most like to listen to,” he said.Justine, a Taiwanese fan says fans simply want regular updates from the company.“It’s because we don’t get enough updates, new music or even other opportunities for performing or TV appearances.”Since their debut in August 2016, a total of 13 original songs have been released so far from three singles and two EPs -- minus Jennie’s 2018 single “Solo” -- which come down to just over three songs per year.The bright side is that at least one song featuring Blackpink has been confirmed -- “Sour Candy” a collaboration track with Lady Gaga on her new album “Chromatica” which is set for release on May 29.By Yim Hyun-su ( hyunsu@heraldcorp.com(Murilo Basso, Especial para o E-Investidor) – A noite do dia 9 de fevereiro de 2020 foi histórica. Pela primeira vez em 92 edições dos Academy Awards – ou, simplesmente, Oscars –, a Academia de Artes e Ciências Cinematográficas reconheceu como Melhor Filme uma produção estrangeira (não americana, melhor dizendo), no caso, o sul-coreano “Parasita”, que arrecadou mais de US$ 175 milhões em bilheteria mundial. No prêmio de Direção, Bong Joon-ho bateu ninguém menos que Martin Scorsese, seu ídolo. Além dessas, a produção abocanhou outras duas estatuetas: Melhor Roteiro Original e Melhor Filme Internacional, totalizando quatro, a maior vitória da 92ª edição do prêmio.

Os mais desavisados podem não ter entendido como a Coreia do Sul chegou lá. Faria mais sentido, afinal, um país com mais tradição cinematográfica conseguir tal feito, como a ocidental França. Foi, simplesmente, sorte? Ou seria mera coincidência o país lançar um filme com temática relativamente universal justamente num período em que a indústria de Hollywood clama por diversidade?

Não é que “Parasita” não seja uma obra-prima, muito pelo contrário. É um dos melhores longas produzidos em anos, talvez em décadas. Ocorre que o triunfo sul-coreano no Oscar de 2020 é fruto de um caminho que vem sendo traçado e calculado minuciosamente pelo país há mais de duas décadas e tem no cinema apenas um de seus expoentes. Trata-se da Hallyu, a “onda coreana”, que também se manifesta pelo K-Drama, seriados exibidos na televisão e na Internet, e, principalmente, pelo K-Pop, o pop coreano – quem não se lembra de “Gangnam Style”, o hit chiclete de Psy e primeiro vídeo a alcançar 1 bilhão de visualizações no YouTube?

É preciso ter em mente que a onda coreana se trata de um grande investimento, tanto do governo da Coreia do Sul quanto da iniciativa privada. A nível governamental, a Hallyu tem apoio do KOCIS, Serviço de Cultura e Informação da Coreia, braço do Ministério da Cultura, Esporte e Turismo do país, e de diversos órgãos governamentais ligados a esse ministério, que apoiam a cultura coreana por meio da criação de incentivos, estímulos ao setor, participação na co-criação de conteúdos de divulgação e outras ações como eventos mundo afora. Atualmente, o KOCIS tem 32 centros culturais, localizados em diversos países. No Brasil, o Centro Cultural Coreano fica em São Paulo.

“A Hallyu é um empreendimento cultural da indústria e do governo sul-coreano, para a promoção e disseminação dos conceitos legais da cultura popular coreana e de diversos conteúdos produzidos pelo país. No início, no fim da década de 1990, essa onda se iniciou com a exportação de novelas coreanas – o que o Brasil já fez, exportou muita novela – para os demais países da Ásia. Em seguida, veio a criação de conteúdos ligados à música popular, denominado mais à frente como K-Pop, que foi bastante difundido, primeiro pelas produtoras musicais e depois com o apoio do governo de diversas

 maneiras”, explica Hanna Kim, docente e pesquisadora do Núcleo de Estudos e Negócios Asiáticos da Escola Superior de Propaganda e Marketing (ESPM).

A onda coreana se espalhou pelo mundo de forma mais intensa após a crise financeira asiática de 1997, que atingiu em cheio a Coreia do Sul e foi marcada especialmente pela desvalorização das moedas do Sudeste asiático, sendo a Hallyu integrante do movimento de recuperação econômica do país. Desde então, a Ásia assumiu outro papel na economia mundial. “Que a Ásia se tornou o centro dinâmico do sistema capitalista é algo quase consensual entre analistas de todo o mundo. A perda de poder econômico relativo dos EUA e da Europa está no centro de uma série de tensões que o mundo vem vivendo, num processo de reacomodação das potências e redefinição de seus papéis na ordem mundial”, lembra Arnaldo Francisco Cardoso, professor de Relações Internacionais e pesquisador da Universidade Presbiteriana Mackenzie.

O investimento em cultura na Coréia do Sul remonta à década de 1970, quando foi criado o KOCIS, que atua em parceria com empresas do setor cultural. A Coréia do Sul percebeu que poderia utilizar a cultura como forma de influência ou para melhorar a imagem do país inspirada, especialmente, nos Estados Unidos, cujos grandes estúdios cinematográficos e gravadoras, junto de outras formas de negócio, foram um dos principais responsáveis por difundir o estilo de vida americano. “Nas relações internacionais, o conceito de soft power, cunhado por [cientista político] Joseph Nye é útil para explicar as políticas governamentais de incentivo à produção cultural de exportação, como a Hallyu. O soft power, em breves linhas, significa a capacidade de projetar positivamente a imagem do país a fim de que ele seja respeitado, admirado, copiado e, no limite, seguido. Isso se dá pela demonstração de exemplos positivos, como políticas públicas bem sucedidas ou a defesa de princípios e valores que em determinada época histórica são bem vistos, ou pela exportação de artefatos culturais de massa”, afirma o doutor em Ciência Política Gabriel Adam, professor nos cursos de Direito e Relações Internacionais na Universidade do Vale do Rio dos Sinos (Unisinos).

Pode-se afirmar também que a redemocratização do país, em 1987, após 26 anos de ditadura, foi um ponto de virada. Com o fim da censura, a cultura sul-coreana se expandiu comercialmente e houve uma profissionalização do setor, bem como uma maior quantidade de conteúdo produzido. Em 1993, por exemplo, o filme “Jurassic Park: O Parque dos Dinossauros” alcançou bilheteria de, aproximadamente, US$ 1 bilhão. Isso acendeu um alerta na imprensa e governo sul-coreanos. Para chegar a faturamento aproximado, o país teria que exportar uma infinidade de carros. Percebeu-se, aí, que a indústria cultural tinha enorme potencial econômico e poderia ser transformada em um setor forte.

Por mais que “Parasita” tenha alçado o cinema coreano a um novo patamar, o produto cultural mais popular do país a nível internacional é, sem dúvida, o K-Pop. No ano passado, os grupos BTS, Stray Kids, EXO, Monsta X e NCT 127 foram considerados os principais do gênero, de acordo com classificação da rede social Tumblr.

Em 2018, levantamento do Instituto Hyundai, centro de estudos sul-coreano, apontou que o BTS gera cerca de US$ 3,6 bilhões por ano à Coreia do Sul, vez que impulsiona o turismo – em 2017, aproximadamente 7% do número total de turistas no país teriam escolhido a Coreia do Sul como destino por conta do grupo – e uma série de exportações associadas, como roupas, cosméticos e produtos alimentares. O BTS é, portanto, um principal ativo econômico para o país.

“Esse fenômeno [K-Pop] foi construído. A linguagem usada busca atender aos gostos e às tendências do mercado global. A Hallyu também foi possível porque coincidiu com a popularização da Internet, que possibilitou o acesso e a compra desses produtos. O K-Pop e toda a cultura coreana de exportação vem sendo trabalhada há mais de 20 anos. Foi construída uma base muito forte de fãs, que são bastante assíduos e positivos em relação à Coreia do Sul, o que criou uma imagem positiva para tudo o que é ligado ao país. O fenômeno impulsiona a economia, o turismo e até a diplomacia”, pontua Kim, que lembra que a cooperação governamental foi pensada, justamente, para aumentar o soft power do país através dessa forma de atuação, com muito planejamento e investimento.

Em 21 de maio, a Big Hit Entertainment, empresa que gerencia a boy band K-Pop, entrou com um pedido de IPO na Korea Exchange, a bolsa de valores da Coréia do Sul. Os analistas afirmam que esse será um teste de apetite dos investidores em meio aos esforços globais para acabar com a pandemia do coronavírus. Embora não tenha publicado o tamanho da oferta pública de ações, a expectativa é que a Big Hit alcance um valor de mercado de até 2 trilhões de won (US$ 1,6 bilhão).

O trunfo do K-Pop foi unir elementos que já eram bem aceitos pela comunidade internacional. As canções têm muito do hip-hop norte-americano e também da música eletrônica. Os grupos também abusam das coreografias, que podem ser aprendidas por meio de plataformas como o YouTube. Ao mesmo tempo, atrela-se o estilo a situações específicas da Coreia, como os concursos de dança, e até a bairros e regiões do país, caso do Gangnam District de Psy, em Seul. Os fãs, portanto, não se contentam apenas em ouvir as canções, eles sentem vontade de vivenciar toda a cultura coreana.

Os grupos são formados por agências de talentos, sendo que os cantores passam por anos de preparação. São aulas de canto, dança e teatro. O visual também é trabalhado por meio das roupas, maquiagens e até por cirurgias plásticas. No K-Pop, a imagem é tão importante quanto a sonoridade. Nem tudo são flores, porém. Há denúncias de abuso e casos de suicídio de artistas, que sofreriam bullying e assédio por parte da mídia e do público por toda a carreira. O mercado, porém, segue inabalável.

Apesar de o governo sul-coreano ser responsável por grande parcela do sucesso da cultura do país enquanto produto econômico, a iniciativa privada também faz a sua parte. Uma dessas empresas é o CJ Group, conglomerado de empresas de diversos setores, de alimentos a entretenimento e mídia, passando por companhias do setor farmacêutico, compras domésticas, logística e biotecnologia.

Uma das pessoas-chave do grupo é Miky Lee, neta de Lee Byung-chul, fundador da Samsung. A empresária foi uma das responsáveis pelo financiamento de “Parasita” e discursou no Oscar junto com a equipe do longa, exaltando a cultura sul-coreana em sua fala. A CJ Entertainment foi a distribuidora do filme na Coreia do Sul.

Ao lado de seu irmão mais novo, Lee Jay-Hyun, Miky Lee está por trás de diversas séries de K-Drama e eventos de K-Pop, como o KCON. A ligação da magnata com a cultura remonta à década de 1990, quando a onda coreana ganhou força. Em 1995, ela investiu US$ 300 milhões para para que Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg e David Geffen conseguissem abrir a Dreamworks e garantiu os direitos de distribuição dos filmes da companhia na Ásia, excetuado o japão. Já em 1998, o CJ Group abriu a primeira rede de cinemas sul-coreana

Como já lembrou Hanna Kim, o Brasil é um grande exportador de novelas. A atriz Lucélia Santos, de “A Escrava Isaura” (1976), por exemplo, tornou-se uma estrela na China, um dos quase 80 países a exibir a novela, e é querida e lembrada pelo povo chinês até hoje.

Em 2004, Lucélia chegou a integrar a comitiva do então presidente Lula em viagem oficial ao outro lado do planeta. Apesar da força das telenovelas brasileiras ao redor do mundo nas últimas décadas, elas se tratam de produtos da iniciativa privada. A nível governamental, com políticas públicas de incentivo, o professor Gabriel Adam não vislumbra possibilidade de o país produzir uma “onda brasileira”, similar ao fenômeno coreano, no futuro próximo.

“No atual governo isso seria impossível, pela falta de incentivo e pela confusão do [hoje extinto] Ministério da Cultura. Mas, excetuando o cenário atual, o governo do Brasil não tem histórico de fazer movimentos de exportação da cultura brasileira, talvez porque nunca demos a devida importância para ela, ou não a enxergamos como uma forma de projeção do país para além do Carnaval e do futebol. Nossos governos, com raras exceções, não viram potencial geoeconômico na cultura. E, ainda assim, qual cultura brasileira exportaríamos? O Brasil tem uma cultura muito rica e variada, logo é difícil definir uma única cultura brasileira”, pontua o pesquisador.J-Hope of BTS spent more than an hour making beaded bracelets for his bandmates.“I’ve wanted to try something like this ... but it may be frustrating to watch me,” he warned in advance fingering a box of colorful beads.He decided to begin with one for Jimin, worrying if he will be able to do a proper job and how long it would take. He started with a small yellow animal but as soon as he added it to the cord, he said out loud that Jimin may not wear it.“Wouldn’t it be better if I did the initials?” said the artist telling himself to pick up speed instead of looking at the comments from viewers.“This would have taken Jungkook half a day,” he said chuckling.J-Hope told fans that he has taken up Pilates recently and admitted that it was more demanding. The rest of the bandmates are also working out while working hard on their own music, he added.Viewers insisted he add a koala to RM’s and he said they must be sad that he skipped the animal charm for Suga’s.“I will upload the photo once I’m done,” he promised.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/191206.The bandmates of Monsta X marked the fifth anniversary of debut broadcasting live for more than an hour.After blowing a candle on cake and singing “Happy Birthday” for themselves, each of the six members received a diary featuring their own bear characters. The journals were from their exclusive merchandise store and filled with messages from their fans.Thanking everyone for the sweet messages and drawings, they kept fans up to speed helping themselves to food on the table. Kihyun and Minhyuk have bought a rowing machine and been working out at home while Shownu is almost done with his physical therapy for his injured back. Jooheon said that he is taking vocal lesson but that mostly everyone is spending a lot of time practicing.“There have been ups and downs of course, but thank you for spending the last five years together,” I.M told fans.“I can’t believe it’s already been five years,” Jooheon went on, “but every time we practice, I can feel that every one of us is pouring so much. ... Please be there for us. We’ll make you proud.”Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/189930.Kpop Herald’s Yim Hyun-su and Hong Dam-young went through the boy band’s five full-length albums and seven EPs to shed light on their five-year career listing top 50 songs.The band debuted with “Trespass” -- number 13 on the list -- exactly five years ago, Yim began.Its first official single in English, “Who Do You Love,” at number seven, was a big collaboration featuring French Montana and a pleasant surprise in itself hailing its crossover to the US. Even bigger news, though, was that it has inked a deal with major US label Epic Records, he said.At fifth came “Shoot Out,” a hip-hop-tinged dance number with an instantly recognizable chorus and intense choreography. Next was “Catchy as hell” track “Alligator” and sitting on number three was “Dramarama” that was a chart-topper with a dramatic intro and funky melody. “Jealousy,” at second place, is a very well-made pop but putting “Hero” at the top was a no brainer, said Yim.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/190780.Renjun of NCT Dream went live after hosting a radio program to chat with fans as usual.“Yes, Jaemin and I were having some late-night snack and he said he will upload a post on Bubble. So I did as well, making mine rhyme with his,” he said replying to fans’ questions.Munching on a bag of gummies that taste like a Korean energy drink (“So good you can’t stop! Sweet and sour!”), he chatted with fans about a range of topics that include the last song he played for the radio show and whether anyone needs the air to cool down before going to sleep.Once he gets home, he will defrost some spicy dumplings his parents have sent him from China. Fans were curious who would share the food and Renjun said once he starts making something in the kitchen, someone will definitely join.“Jisung, for sure, and probably Jaemin,” he said chuckling.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/191334.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=TikTok is holding an online K-Pop concert live from Seoul this week.

‘TikTok Stage Live From Seoul’ concert features a star-studded line-up that includes Apink, Monsta X, iKON, Kard, AKMU, Kang Daniel, Oh My Girl, CIX and Cravity.

Not only will it be the first vertical live concert from Korea, but also this is the first time the Chinese-owned app will broadcast an online K-Pop concert.

Scheduled to take place on May 25 at 5pm KST (12pm UAE time), the virtual concert will be broadcasted globally on the account @TikTok_Stage.

It reportedly aims to allow maximum viewer interaction and fans to donate towards COVID-19 relief funds.

As part of their #SmilewithTikTok project, the video-sharing mobile platform will also broadcast an online hip hop concert entitled ‘TikTok Stage with HIPHOPPLAYA’ for a worthy cause, two days later.

iKON’s Bobby, Epik High, Block B’s Zico, Jessi, Heize, Dean and pH-1 are some Korean artists already confirmed for the event.

Following the concert on May 27 via TikTok, all proceeds will be donated to the Korean non-profit organisation, Community Chest of Korea.