To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.In a country with one of the world's lowest birth rates, one would assume the news of a beloved celebrity announcing plans for marriage and an imminent child would be welcomed with open arms.

 But not in Korea. And not for a K-pop idol.

 Chen, a member of one of the country's most successful K-pop groups, EXO, announced in a handwritten letter posted on social media that he was doing exactly this. 

 Yet much of the response from fans was both toxic and unpleasant. Many called on him to leave the group immediately and spoke of the betrayal that they felt. 

 Such devil comments ("ang-pul" as they are known in Korean) should not be taken lightly as the recent suicides of K-pop stars Sulli and Goo Hara have been linked to the negative treatment they received online. 

 Twitter was filled with hashtags retweeted in the tens of thousands wildly criticizing Chen for his perceived crimes and inconsiderate behavior. The atmosphere, as is often the case, was full of self-righteousness and a lack of humility and consideration. 

 Things went a step further when the official EXO fan group released a statement demanding Chen leave the group saying that they could "no longer support him" and that "his arbitrary actions were damaging the group's reputation". 

 The fan group, known as EXO-L ACE Union, have warned that they will carry out protests in response and expect action from the management (SM Entertainment). 

 And remember this is not for stories involving drugs, sexual misadventure, or violence: it's for marriage. And Chen's situation is not the first. 

 Sunye was the leader of the Wonder Girls but left the team to marry her husband and raise her two daughters in Canada. Rather than support her nascent family, many netizens spoke out angrily at the hurt and lack of loyalty she demonstrated. 

 The same treatment was given to Super Junior's Sungmin when he married his wife back in 2014. He was accused of mistreating his fans and his return to the group has been vehemently opposed by an army of online commentators.

 To most of us who are not devoted and committed fans, what is it there to be mad about? Are marriage and the birth of a baby not something to celebrate?

 The disappointment and anger that has arisen has to do with how the K-pop industry operates. It is a manifestation of how the relationships between artists (in the loosest sense) and fans are formed as well as the consumption of the artist/idol as a product.

 A lot of K-pop artists are "born" as products: mere merchandise of an entertainment company. They are designed and constructed through the company's 'know-how', including the person's aesthetic look, the music genre, and the character (or concept).

 All this is done in order to attract as many fans as possible, thus generating profits for the company. Moreover, the designed product is often a young child who dreams of dancing and singing on stage.

 Autonomy is not a word one should readily associate with these products. Rather than expressing themselves freely and naturally, many are simply following the orders and demands of the company whom they serve - something not that unusual in the broadly collective and hierarchical nature of Korean society. 

 People inside the industry also speak openly of the "services" their entertainment company provide - a form of surrogate dating. A virtual boyfriend or girlfriend experience created for the fans. 

 Moreover, because the most popular idol formation seems to be that of a group (normally around 5-9 members but sometimes as many as 17), individuality is not a key component. The key is for the trainees to adjust themselves to the tone of the collective - even if it clashes with their own personality or wishes.

 Thus an agony arises when the individual member is forced to choose between their own path and that of the group, either artistically, personally, or otherwise. This will always remain an existing concern - yet it is not necessarily unique to K-pop. 

 It does however demonstrate how and why Chen as a member of a group has had to face such public criticism for merely having the temerity to follow his own path rather than that of his teammates. 

 Of course K-pop is inspiring and brings joy and happiness to millions around the world, promoting welcoming messages and increasing the representation of Asians on the global stage while helping to weaken racism and promote greater awareness. 

 From the other side, however, one article recently likened the nature of K-pop fandom to the rabid and sometimes ugly support that we see in football. Yes, football is the beautiful game, but it would be wrong to say there isn't often a dark side to the fandom and that it differs in each country in how it manifests, from hooligans to racism.

 To wit, a recent study out of Korea University and published in the academic journal Asian Women suggested that the more money people spend on K-pop, the less egalitarian gender values they are likely to demonstrate. Perhaps the recent case involving Chen increases the explanatory power of that research.

 Following the arrival of the bestselling book "Trend 2020", the followers of K-pop have been renamed "fan-sumers": consumers who use their influence as fans to affect how the product (in this case the K-pop idol) is marketed and presented. 

 The fansumer culture has arrived in-line with social media providing a platform for their voices to be heard and a generational shift away from the boomers and "latte is horse" people to Millennial and Generation Z consumers. 

 Being a pop idol, a TV star, or a celebrity is mostly about maintaining your popularity - this is achieved by winning the public's attention, interest, and love. Losing this popularity as a celebrity is then equal to an enterprise losing customers.

 Celebrities are expected to make choices with which the public will agree. Rather than "loving themselves,'' they are forced to adjust themselves to the wants and needs of the consumers: the fans.

 And thus anytime a celebrity does something that the public have not previously agreed or consented to, for example Han Ye-seul's recent appearance with a nose piercing or Gong Hyo-jin's tattoos, a great deal of criticism then appears for it contradictions expectations. 

 This is not a problem of right and wrong. It's about consumers coming to terms with changes in the products in which they have invested. In this case, idols.

 Chen's announcement of marriage shattered not only the expectations of his fans, it also broke the virtual dating relationship many had with him that had been created by the entertainment company.

 Moreover, it was an act that put his own individual life above that of the group - he failed to recognize his commitments to his teammates and the fans. Thus, from an economic perspective, it is only natural that the consumers have since turned their backs on him.

 Ideally, the fans would support the personal decisions taken by their favorite idols. But practically, being a successful K-pop star and being yourself in real life while seeking marriage and children is not really compatible. 

 To be an "idol" is to forego the chance to be an independent or autonomous artist. Instead one becomes a product: merchandise that is sold as part of a total fantasy package created by some of the smartest and richest companies in the country.

 The general public will no doubt balk at the reaction to Chen's marriage and imminent child, and that is to be expected. But for the fans who have invested time, money, and energy in this virtual reality only to have it snatched away by an individual decision, they are upset and voicing their opinions as only they know how. 

 The problem is not Chen. The problem is not the fans. The problem is that K-pop creates packed products which don't always go as planned and the fansumers then naturally voice their disappointment on social media which does not filter or censor even the most lurid of opinions. 

 Han Jeongmun studies Fashion Marketing at Seoul Women's University.

 David Tizzard (datizzard@swu.ac.kr) is an assistant professor at Seoul Women's University. He also presents economic and cultural issues on "Business Now" on TBS eFM (101.3FM) live every Wednesday from 6:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.At the height of their high-profile K-pop careers last year, Kang Daniel and Mina, a member of sensational girl group TWICE, temporarily left show business, complaining of anxiety and other mental disorders. 



The Japanese K-pop star, Mina was suffering from an anxiety disorder and suspended her stage career amid her group's globe-trotting concert tour in July. Kang abruptly withdrew from the public eye in early December due to depression and a panic disorder, one week after his second music release as a soloist. 



The two still have not resumed their entertainment careers, keeping their fans anxious for their returns. 



The K-pop scene has since seen a lot more K-pop stars come forward to confess similar mental suffering and officially take a break from the hectic show business world. 









Many K-pop idol stars spend their early or late teenage years, immersed in training to become entertainers, often without enough time and experience to build up a mental safety net.



Once they become stars, idols are often subject to distress from intense competition with other idol groups, online hate comments, as well as the dearth of privacy. 



On Sunday, Lee Joo-heon, a rapper of boy band Monsta X who is also known as Joohoney, suspended his stage career, citing "symptoms of nervous anxiety."



It was after Joo-heon was absent from some of Monsta X's performances for the 2019 year-end iHeartRadio Jingle Ball tour in American cities. 









Joo-heon was given a doctor's order to "take a break and rest" for the anxiety disorder," the band's agency, Starship Entertainment, said, announcing his temporary departure from the band.



Also this month, HaSeul, a member of girl group Loona, also known as Girl of the Month in Korean, put her entertainment career indefinitely on hold for repeated symptoms of nervous anxiety. 



Her agency said HaSeul will not be part of the 12-piece group's upcoming release of a new album, titled "Hash," as she will be focusing on medical treatment and recovery of her health. 



Roaring boy band Seventeen saw two of its 13 members come down with similar mental problems over the past two months. 



In mid-November, the band leader S.Coups entered into a temporary career suspension due to an anxiety disorder, while the next month, another member, Jeonghan temporarily left show business, complaining of "dizziness."









Pledis Entertainment, which represents Seventeen, said Jeonghan was given a doctor's order to take a long rest to recover, without giving the exact name of his illness.



Also in December, Han, a member of boy band Stray Kids, was absent from some of his band's public arrangements as he came under recurring symptoms of mental anxieties. 



"He suffers from extreme tension when having to get close to many people he doesn't know," JYP Entertainment said at the time, announcing Han's absence from band activities. 



Dawon, a member of the girl group Cosmic Girls, also known as WJSN, also temporarily withdrew from their activities last month after being diagnosed with an anxiety disorder. 



Such mental illness-driven withdrawals are occurring as the K-pop scene is still reeling from the deaths of widely loved K-pop stars like Sulli and Kim Jong-hyun of boy band SHINee after suffering from long-running depression and mental distress from their careers.



Kim Dong-wan, a former idol boy band star who debuted in Shinhwa in 1998, earlier hinted at the immense mental distress K-pop musicians often experience. 



"Many young (K-pop stars) are brooding over how much they are willing to suffer mentally in order to win the sweetness of money and name recognition," Kim said on his SNS account in October, following the death of Sulli. 



"(The K-pop industry) is full of people who want young (musicians) to look healthy and bright even while they cannot eat properly or sleep comfortably in reality." (Yonhap)K-pop columnist Jeff Benjamin, who writes for Billboard and Forbes, wants media outlets to stop calling K-pop stars "idols" because the term "de-emphasizes" their artistry. 

 "Many artists in Korea are referred to as an 'idol,' but I think that word doesn't emphasize that there's art, creative merit or artists' leadership in their work," the New York-based journalist said Tuesday. 

 Benjamin shared his views on K-pop during a media conference for winners of the Korea Image Awards at Samsung-dong, Seoul. The Corea Image Communication Institute (CICI) awards recognize people who promote and spread a positive image of Korea abroad.

 He suggested the media should pay attention to K-pop artists' thoughts and true self expressed through their work. 

 "If we dive deeper into something that connects fans and artists ... and shows the artists in different lights, it's going to create a bond not only between them but also with media readers," Benjamin said.

 "These days, especially in America, K-pop is very hot in the media but I don't see a lot of people giving the same respect as they would give to other music genres." 

 Benjamin has had a keen interest in K-pop artists since the beginning of the 2010s and has become one of the expert critics in the industry. 



The columnist attributed the growing success of K-pop in the Western market on the uniqueness of the artists and their messages. 

 "Language is becoming less important to people around the world, especially to the younger generation," he said. "It's certainly becoming more about the artists and what their message or talent is."

 Benjamin said the "K" has become less emphasized to put more focus on the artists themselves and what they can bring out on stage. "Especially how young people are with music these days, it's going to be really exciting to see how Korean music will grow and how the artists will express their identities in the future."

 He raised BTS's 2018 song "IDOL" as an example and mentioned Korean traditional instruments and "hanbok" (traditional) outfits in the group's performances. "There were parts of their identity and culture in that song … The biggest change (in the industry) is embracing identity and to be more forward about that," Benjamin said.

 Noting that the strength of the industry is in its marketing tactics, the journalist said K-pop has a great music scene for "the digital age." 

 "K-pop makes a moment out of everything, whether it is a release schedule with teasers of music videos and albums," Benjamin said. "It keeps people hooked. K-pop, which moves so quickly and is digitally focused, aligns with the current pattern of how distracted people are these days."

 When asked which K-pop groups catch his eye, he named ATEEZ and (G)I-DLE, pointing out their strong messages and performances of self-written and produced music. "I think it's important to express themselves this way."K-pop stars have always been subject to stalking, and it’s not confined to making non-stop calls or following their every move. More recently, their frequent flights overseas have been targeted by stalker fans who are willing to pay for pricey first-class seats to get closer to favorite stars.V of K-pop juggernaut BTS recently shared that the group flies on a private jet to avoid obsessive fans who follow them on board.“We actually want to fly on a regular plane. But when we travel abroad, some fans already know when and where we will be sitting and book their seats next to us or in front of us. To be frank with you, we don’t want you to do that. It’s really scary,” the singer said during a live chat with fans.Earlier this month, JYP Entertainment also filed a complaint against a German stalker for attempting to approach Nayeon of Twice on a flight. The agency added it was also seeking a restraining order against him, saying “We have already warned him on several occasions but he never stops.”K-pop stars’ connection with fans have only grown stronger over time. Spurred by an integral role of fandoms and their social media networks, K-pop followers have cemented their position as an engine powering the competitive industry.They play a major role behind artists’ success, attaining them upper ranks on charts, win on online polls, trending on Twitter and even trophies at awards. Idols and their agencies reciprocate them with good music and stronger fan-artist relationship.Such devotion, however, can have a negative effect beyond a certain point. “Sasaeng” fans -- the Korean nickname referring to stars’ private lives -- are notorious for tracking down their idols’ homes and monitoring their personal activities.On Twitter, it doesn’t take much effort to find posts that sell K-pop stars’ personal information, including phone numbers, dorm addresses, uncensored photos, flight information and even the numbers of their parents. Because most of the purchases are made online using one-time KakaoTalk or Twitter accounts, it is almost impossible for agencies to track down how the information is leaked and traded.“Sasaeng and ill-minded people who are living off them are everywhere. They could be airline official or a travel agency worker. I also found some sasaeng working at broadcasting stations with direct access to the sensitive personal information,” the manager of a K-pop boy band said on condition of anonymity. “We never know where they are hiding.”In the past, agencies used to tolerate the sometimes obsessive behavior of sasaeng fans considering the usually cozy relationship between K-pop stars and their ardent followers. But more recently, they are taking tougher actions to better protect their artists under no-tolerance policy.One of the widely adopted ways is blacklisting them. Blacklisted sasaeng fans are not allowed to attend events, and the list is disclosed through the official fan community for heightened scrutiny.In December last year, JYP Entertainment announced tightened blacklisting guidelines after Jackson of GOT7 fell down at China’s Qingdao Airport when a crowd waiting for him became disorderly. Behavior subject to blacklisting includes: following the artist’s vehicle to the JYP head office, the practice room, the house, the workshop or any other destinations; waiting or continuously observing the artist outside their home or studio; initiating physical contact with the artist on any official or unofficial schedules; and selling or buying event tickets that are not supposed to be available for purchase.“Those who violate the guidelines will be permanently banned from all our events,” a JYP official said. “We will be ramping up efforts to protect artists, fans and the public.”Big Hit Entertainment, home to BTS, is also stepping up its action against sasaeng fans by sharing the blacklist, their social media IDs and details of their violations such as illegal and excessive photo taking, illegal ticket sales and booking flight seats to get near the members.“Big Hit is also known for its strict hiring process. It doesn’t matter if the applicant is not a BTS fan. Sometimes non-BTS fans are allegedly preferred. Even after they enter the firm, most of them have limited access to BTS members largely due to security issues,” said an industry source who wished to be unnamed.As big name artists and their agencies have come up with their own counter measures against sasaengs, stalking fans are turning their eyes to rookie artists who are more accessible than A-listers.At an early stage of their career, rookies are eager to attract more fans and contact them directly. Agencies are also not that strict about their fans’ behavior.“I was really surprised to find out that a herd of sasaeng were waiting outside our group’s studio even though it was not part of the official schedule,” said a manager of a rookie band who asked to be unnamed. “Agencies, especially small- and medium-sized ones, rarely have means to control obsessive fans. We don’t have an official fan club or any articulated, effective rules.”He said agencies can’t help but turn a blind eye.“Even though they sometimes cross the line, they are our only supporters who purchase our albums and goods at least for now. Frankly, it’s hard to be too harsh on them,” he said.Experts call the nation’s lenient punishment for stalking as one of the key reasons why obsessive fans are hard to control. In Korea, stalking is considered a minor offence that is usually punished with a fine less than 100,000 won ($86) unless it leads to more serious crimes like assault.K-pop fans seem unclear about defining which of them are sasaeng.“Some fans call me a sasaeng. But I don’t agree with them,” said a K-pop fan who runs a sizeable fan account on Twitter, adding she still feels some pressure about how her activities are seen by others.Many fans follow idols’ unofficial schedules to take exclusive photos and spot more private sides of them. While such acts are commonly seen as sasaeng behavior, she argues that there’s a fine line between stalking and tagging along them.“There’s a difference between waiting at the airport just to see their faces and taking pictures and following them inside the immigration, even to their seats. Sasaengs don’t care whether their behavior disturbs artists or not,” she said.Whether it’s a problem of lenient punishment of offenders or agencies’ lax management, it may be time for artists themselves to raise their voices to protect themselves.“I think celebrities in Korea are more susceptible to sasaeng or stalking, as they are too afraid of criticizing others, let alone suing them. They tend to do so to protect their images. I don’t think it’s right to ask agencies (to take) full responsibility,” one K-pop follower said.“They need to use their huge influence to create a healthier fandom culture.”By Hong Dam-young ( lotus@heraldcorp.comAn entertainment company in South Korea said it would take legal action against a young German man for stalking one of the country's biggest K-pop sensations, Nayeon.

The man has since left South Korea, but despite the warning, he has continued to post social media messages asking Nayeon to forgive him.

Using the Twitter handle Josh 1994, he has repeatedly expressed his "love" for the 24-year-old singer, one of the six members of all-girl band Twice. In dozens of Twitter messages and YouTube videos with Korean subtitles, he said that he wanted to contact her personally and give her gifts.

In one video from October 2019, the man said he had been many times to a posh Seoul neighborhood where he believed Nayeon frequented to ask people there if they could help him find her apartment building.

The man's behavior, which many have said constitutes stalking, has drawn heavy criticism on social media, along with the warnings from her management company.

Read more: How South Korea's K-pop world takes a toll on celebrities

Observers of South Korea's powerful pop and movie industry say the case underlines the pressures that singers and actresses are under in an era of constant social media exposure.

Stalking and online bullying have turned into a serious problem in the nation's entertainment world. The suicides of K-pop stars Sulli in October, and Goo Hara the following month, were blamed in part on cyber abuse and trolling.

Josh 1994 first made headlines in South Korea in December after he caused a "major disturbance" by attempting to approach Nayeon on a flight from Tokyo to Seoul.

However, Nayeon's managers prevented him from approaching the singer. There was reportedly a scuffle, with officials of her management, JYP Entertainment, later claiming that although the singer was not injured in the incident, she experienced "discomfort and anxiety."

The company added that the "stalker" had been warned previously about his behavior on "numerous" occasions and that it will now take "the highest level of legal action" to protect Nayeon.

Josh 1994 was not detained after the aircraft landed in Seoul and has disputed the agency's version of events. In a series of Twitter messages that followed, he said he wanted to talk to her and give her a present.

"The managers attacked me on the plane for no good reason. I wanted to give Nayeon my love letters calmly and then two managers jumped on me," he said.

In messages posted earlier in December, Josh 1994 declared, "I really, truly do love Nayeon, she means the world to me."

"I hope she realizes that I want to make her happy," he continued, and claimed that if only her agency would allow him to meet with her that she "might realize that I am a good guy and develop feelings for me as well."

'The girls are scared of you'

Twitter users have told Josh 1994 to stop harassing Nayeon, and his feed has been deluged with messages.

"You've basically crossed the line. Stop please! You've given them anxiety," posted one person. Another suggested: "The girls are scared of you."

"That's not how it works, she's a superstar. You can't just approach her like that. Let her go. There will never be you and Nayeon. Accept it."

But Josh 1994 has not yet been deterred.

Things came to a head on Sunday, when Chaeyoung, another member of Twice, said he leaked her personal mobile phone number on social media.

"We are at our limits of staying quiet and waiting for you to stop," she said on her Instagram page. "Due to the 11 digits that an inconsiderate person posted on the Internet, my phone has been bombarded with calls and text messages and I'm going through needless problems."

The same day, JYP Entertainment released a statement saying it was launching legal action against the person who had posted the phone number on social media.

It's not easy being a star

David Tizzard, an assistant professor at Seoul Women's University, and a commentator on social issues, said the South Korean stars live in a regimented world controlled by entertainment agencies.

"There are young men and women who dream of being famous and they sign contracts that effectively allow management agencies to control every aspect of their lives, and it's stressful," he said.

The all-powerful agencies act as the "gatekeepers" to the industry, he added, and are too big and too powerful to willingly give up their strangle-hold on the performers, who serve as cash cows

And to attract more fans to the all-boy or all-girl bands that dominate the entertainment scene, performers are required to cultivate an image, Tizzard said. That means celebrities cannot have a girlfriend, boyfriend or get married in order to give every fan the impression that they are available to them.

Read more: K-pop: More than a social media trend

"To me, South Korean culture today is reminiscent of Japan in the 1980s, but on steroids. It's hyper-competitive, pressure-cooked and frantic," said Roland Kelts, a lecturer on popular culture at Tokyo's Waseda University.

"It is a clash between Western capitalist delusions and fusty Confucian values," he added. "Of course, this kind of cultural crisis often produces great art and pop music. I think this is partly why South Korean pop is now entrancing the rest of the world."

However, Kelts said besides the bright lights, and flashing colors, pop stardom has a dark side.

"South Korea might be a great place for art and entertainment, but a scary place if you're a young and attractive pop star."

And South Korea's entertainment industry should be keen to avoid some of the extreme incidents that have impacted starlets in Japan.

In 2016, Japanese pop star Mayu Tomita was stabbed 60 times in the chest and neck by a fan who felt she had ignored his declarations of love. Tomita, who survived the attack, had reported threats made by her attacker to the police but her concerns had been overlooked.

Two years prior, two members of the hugely popular Japanese all-girl band AKB48 were stabbed at a "handshake event" for fans.K-pop super band BTS has performed at the Grammys, becoming the first South Korean act to do so, in the latest in a series of milestones the band has accomplished in Korean music history.



The septet teamed up with rapper Lil Nas X to take the stage at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony held Sunday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.



The band's rappers -- RM, J-Hope and Suga -- joined the American rapper to perform his record hit "Old Town Road" with lines from the remix "Seoul Town Road."



The 2019 remix, featuring RM, features the lyrics "I got the homis in my bag," and "Homis made of steel, from Korea, they're the be-e-est," referring to "homi," a Korean handheld hoe. 



Jin, V, Jimin and Jung Kook also joined in, singing and dancing to the Billboard-topping hit.



In 2019, BTS made history by becoming the first Korean act to present at the music awards.



BTS voiced gratitude, saying it was an "honor" to perform at the ceremony.



"Last year, we said we will be back but didn't think it would actually happen ... the Grammy Awards is a dream stage for every artist, so we are really grateful and happy that we have reached that dream," BTS said via Big Hit Entertainment, the band's management agency. (Yonhap)Some of the top 20 countries that tweeted the most about K-pop in 2019 include Thailand, other Asian countries and some in South America.The managers of the K-pop girl group "Twice" said they are taking legal action after a "foreign stalker" tried to make contact with one of the group's members on an airplane on Wednesday.

Group member Nayeon has been placed "under police protection due to this incident," JYP Entertainment said in a statement, according to the English-language blog Allkpop.

According to the agency, the suspect figured out what flight the group would be taking from Japan to South Korea and also booked a ticket. He then proceeded to try and approach Nayeon multiple times while onboard, raising his voice and clashing with the group's security team.

Fans grew concerned after a post with a picture from inside the airplane was posted on Twice's official Instagram account, the Korea Times reported.

"Please go back home. Please stop. I beg you," the post read according to the paper. The post has since been deleted.

JYP also said it is also investigating how the group's flight information leaked and was sold online.

The suspect, who is reportedly a German national, has been posting for weeks on Twitter and YouTube about wanting to meet the K-pop star.

Following the incident, the man claimed that the group's managers became physical with him while he was trying to give Nayeon "love letters."

In a subsequent tweet, the man said that he didn't intend to bother the group, but said he wanted to "confess my love to her and wanted to know what she thinks about it."

Many fans of the group posted comments urging the man to stop harassing Nayeon and the rest of the group.

"She's afraid of you! Stop!" wrote one Twitter user.

JYP Entertainment said that although the man was unable to reach Nayeon, she is currently experiencing "significant feelings of discomfort and anxiety."

Every evening, DW sends out a selection of the day's news and features. Sign up here.palette of hair colors — aquamarine, silver, shades of gold — popped against monochrome clothing as the seven members of SuperM filed into a backstage room at Madison Square Garden. In a matter of minutes, the group from South Korea would take the stage for the first time at one of the biggest venues in the biggest city in the U.S. Outside on this Tuesday evening in November, enthusiasm buzzed for the newly formed K-pop supergroup, comprised of artists considered to be some of the best performers in the industry. Within two months of their debut, they had already hit No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart — the only K-pop act other than BTS to have topped the list — and attracted thousands at their shows from Forth Worth to Chicago.

The group’s ongoing North American tour, “We Are the Future,” began in November and continues through February, hitting 10 cities. In the moments before the group’s concert at the Garden, SuperM sat down with TIME to discuss, via a translator, their experience since the group’s launch in October.

“I feel like how we’re assembled itself is a very futuristic step that K-pop hasn’t ever seen before,” says Mark, the rapper from Canada and youngest member of SuperM. “Who knows what kind of road this may pave, but we just wanted to show how we can bring different elements together in one — and have that be expressed onstage in a powerful way.”

Last summer, SM Entertainment, one of South Korea’s largest entertainment companies, and Capitol Records joined forces to announce the formation of what they referred to as “the Avengers of K-pop,” a group named SuperM. The act would feature members from SM’s boy groups SHINee, EXO, NCT 127 and WayV — each of which boasts a legion of fans that have powered them to the top of Asia’s music scene. “We keep describing them as ‘Avengers’ because I think that’s the best conceptual analogy that will immediately be understood by others,” SM’s A&R executive Chris Lee told Billboard at the time of the group’s launch. “Each Avenger has their own group and Iron Man has his own movie and Thor has his own but together they have an even greater synergy.”

The founder of SM, Lee Soo-man, selected the seven members himself. Taemin is a seasoned artist who debuted in his original group, SHINee, 11 years ago at the age of 14. Baekhyun and Kai hail from EXO — the first, a vocalist with an extensive range and a warm falsetto, and the second, an idol with tantalizing dance moves and even more tantalizing facial expressions. NCT 127’s leader Taeyong is joined by groupmate Mark, both of whom are powerhouse rappers with a knack for performing complex choreography. The lineup also includes two members from Chinese group WayV: Ten, the quadrilingual Thai artist with a honeyed tone, and Lucas, the deep-voiced rapper born in Hong Kong.

The seven artists hold one or more of the positions of “main dancer,” “main vocalist” or “main rapper” — terms used in K-pop to signal members with a central role in their respective specialties. As one team, they bring not only a vast armory of technical skills but distinctly charismatic personas honed through years of performing onstage — a major advantage for a “rookie” group.

The merging of fanbases played a substantial role in driving SuperM: The 1st Mini Album to the top of the Billboard 200. “All of us come from different teams that are already established and we already have our own careers, but us coming together on this album created this new synergy that was that much more attractive to not only our fans but also fans outside of our regular fanbases,” group leader Baekhyun explains. “They all came together in support of this album.”

The initial announcement of SuperM’s formation drew mixed reactions — some fans of individual acts expressed concern that this new project would lead to fewer resources dedicated to the existing groups. But those concerns were soon dwarfed by the significant wave of K-pop listeners across the fandoms of SHINee, EXO, NCT 127 and WayV whose enthusiasm was on display as they attended the tour and purchased the album in droves.

SM and Capitol released eight versions of the EP — one with each artist on the cover, plus one with the group — a packaging strategy often used in K-pop to incentivize album collection in the era of streaming. Besides the EP, a collection of merchandise was designed, each item with seven individualized versions. Each of the products was bundled with a digital album which fans could redeem, a move that would contribute to album sales counted toward Billboard charts. In total, more than 60 SuperM merchandise and album bundles were available. Bundling is nothing new in the American music scene — artists from Taylor Swift to Kanye West have taken the approach in past releases. But the high number of SuperM products that were offered was unusual, reflecting the marketing savvy of labels intent on getting their artists to the top.

Growing as Artists Through ‘We Are the Future’ Tour

The “We Are the Future” concert is a testament to SuperM’s ability to deliver cohesive performances as a new team, while holding their own as individual players. “In addition to our group stages as SuperM, we also showcase our solo stages,” says Baekhyun. “That’s when each member’s distinct music styles and performance aspects shine.” Later in the evening, for the group leader’s individual stage, he sang the groovy tracks “UN Village” and “Betcha” from his solo album. A smooth flick of the jacket and snapping of the fingers every few measures accentuated the vocalist’s relaxed gait, as Baekhyun found the groove in the rhythms of the R&B melodies.

“When I watch him sing and how he vocalizes, his breathing patterns — I feel like I’m taking a vocal lesson,” says Taemin of his bandmate. Mark nods enthusiastically. “Vocal instructor,” he chimes in, gesturing toward Baekhyun with his arm as the singer timidly mouths “thank you.” But it’s not just the SuperM leader’s individual performance that offers instructional value. As the seven artists prepared for the “We Are the Future” concert, a teacher-student relationship was layered onto their brotherhood.

“Me, Taemin hyung and everyone here have different styles of dancing and how we represent ourselves on stage, so when I look at them on stage, I get the tips and tricks,” Ten says, referring to Taemin with the term for “older brother” in Korean. SuperM includes some of the dancers widely acknowledged to be the best in K-pop, but each has a distinct way of executing choreography and freestyling, as displayed through their individual performances. Ten, in a mostly white ensemble, elegantly spun and glided onto the floor while dancing to his songs “Dream in a Dream” and “New Heroes.” Meanwhile, Taemin, dressed in all black with a mesh button-down shirt , sharply hit and twisted his body to the electronic beats of “Danger” and “Goodbye.” Kai, another highly skilled dancer, delivered a combination of soft body rolls and hard pops as animated flames lit up in the backdrop during the rapper-vocalist’s hip-hop solo “Confession.”

“I’ve learned a variety of traits from them and I combine them to create new techniques,” Lucas says, in Chinese, of the group’s senior members. For his solo performance, the Hong-Kong born artist confidently swayed to the drumbeats of the whimsical track “Bass Go Boom.” Although his speciality is rap, Lucas is simultaneously sharpening his vocal skills. “Baekhyun hyung sometimes teaches me to sing,” he says. Mark, grinning from ear to ear as he watched Lucas communicate in Chinese, jumps in and repeats “chang ge!” the Chinese word for “sing.”

On stage, Mark shed his youthful energy in favor of a more mature persona as he performed his solo rap “Talk About.” With whoops and claps, the rapper engaged the crowd and displayed the poise of someone who, at just 20 years old, has spent years making the stage his home. The other main rapper, Taeyong, exhibited his captivating stage presence in the track “GTA.” Wearing a glittery mask for the first segment, Taeyong showcased his ability to pack drama in his rap with vocal intonations and body movements alone.

In the months between the two legs of the tour, the seven members traveled globally for activities outside of SuperM. Baekhyun and Kai returned to Seoul for the release of their group EXO’s new album. Taeyong and Mark left New York after the November concert, only to fly back the next week to perform in Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade as NCT 127. Ten and Lucas visited cities from Bangkok, Thailand to Shenzhen, China for WayV’s “fan meetings.” Taemin, whose SHINee bandmates are in the military, is working on a solo album scheduled to drop in March.

On Jan. 30, the artists will come together once again as SuperM and tour cities from San Diego to Vancouver. All eyes, no doubt, will remain on the act as it strives to become a major player in the music scene beyond South Korea.AOA showed a more mature image in reality TV show Queendom. Feminism is on the rise in South Korea.Female soloist Baek Yerin is the latest example. The 22-year-old topped a series of single charts operated by online music streaming service operators last month with "Square," the lead track of "Every Letter I Sent You.," her first album since leaving JYP in September last year.The star -- real name is Kim Jong-dae -- also appeared to confirm in the letter that his fiancée is pregnant.

"Chen met a very precious person and the two will get married," the agency said in its statement.

"The bride is not a celebrity and the wedding ceremony will be done privately," SM added.

In a handwritten letter released by SM Entertainment on Monday, Chen addressed his fans to confirm the news. "I have a girlfriend whom I want to spend my life with," Chen wrote. In the letter, Chen also appeared to confirm a pregnancy. "I had concerns and worries about the impact of my decision but because I did not want to surprise my members, company and especially my fans who have been so proud of me with this news, I had been consulting with my company and members how to break this news as soon as possible. "In this process, a blessing came to us," he wrote. Chen's reference to a "blessing" is understood and reported to mean that he and his fiancée are expecting a baby. After another K-pop death, spotlight turns to difficulties faced by industry's 'perfect' stars "I'm a little bit baffled that I couldn't follow through my plans I've set up with my company and the members but this blessing gave me extra strength," Chen added. "As I couldn't delay any more when and where to make this announcement, I've mustered my courage," he wrote. EXO is one of South Korea's biggest K-pop bands. Many of Chen's fans took to social media to congratulate the musician on his engagement and on his fiancée's pregnancy, proclaiming their support for the star. However, some fans reacted angrily to the news, demanding that he leave the group.Dado que su líder, G-Dragon, y demás miembros -Taeyang, Daesung y T.O.P- han finalizado su servicio, regresando a la vida pública el año pasado, la esperanza de que el grupo se reuniera se ha mantenido alta, a pesar de que Seungri abandonó el grupo y la industria musical en medio de una serie de investigaciones criminales relacionadas con él.SEATTLE, Washington — Korean Pop, more commonly known as KPop, has been on the rise in the last few years with groups like BTS, EXO and BLACKPINK topping the music charts. However, one group, in particular, is making even more of a global impact. KPop group SuperM raises funds for global poverty, specifically through their Global Citizen Campaign. The group has been able to do so by using their platform and partnership with Korean Air.

SuperM is a Korean pop boy band featuring seven members: Taemin of SHINee, Kai and Baekhyun of EXO and Taeyong, Mark, Ten and Lucas of NCT. Baekhyun, Ten and Taemin are the main vocalists of the group while Kai, Lucas, Mark and Taeyong are lead rappers.

The KPop group, SuperM, raises funds for global poverty in partnership with Korean Air, Korea’s largest airline. As part of the partnership, SuperM is starring in a five-minute flight safety video. The video features the group’s newest song “Let’s Go Everywhere.” Korean Air hopes to use the flight safety video to raise even more awareness of Korean culture and the KPop phenomenon.

Korean Air described the video as “unconventional, innovative and entertaining.” The video appears to be a usual KPop music video, but it includes flight safety information in a subliminal way. The airline has also released photos of planes that feature the group members as well as a look at the new airline upgrades.

Donations to the Global Citizen Campaign

SuperM also raises funds for global poverty through the proceeds of their song, “Let’s Go Everywhere.” The group donated the proceeds to the Global Citizen Campaign, run by the Global Poverty Project. In September, members Mark and Taeyong performed at the Global Citizen Festival in New York City. The released the song on Nov. 18. SuperM’s previous work with the foundation influenced the decision to raise funds for global poverty. Furthermore, the band will be performing in September 2020 for Global Citizen’s Global Goal Live: The Possible Dream Concert.

According to its website, the Global Poverty Project’s mission is “to build a movement of 100 million action-taking global citizens to help achieve [its]vision of ending extreme poverty by 2030.” Its partnerships allow celebrities and everyday people to take action in helping to eradicate global poverty. This can be achieved by learning about the systemic causes of extreme poverty and taking action on those causes.

In donating the proceeds from their new song, SuperM is raising monetary aid for global poverty. This will help the foundation by raising awareness of its cause and for financial needs the foundation faces. Anyone can become a global citizen by raising further awareness and educating themselves about the causes of poverty. The Global Poverty Project also accepts donations and features articles, updates and news stories focusing on those living in extreme poverty. While KPop stars help bring large-scale awareness to these issues, anyone can assist in reducing global poverty.Bigbang’s G-Dragon spent 11 years in training – five years with SM Entertainment and six at YG, but the king of K-pop has become one of the first crossover K-pop artistsWhen BTS stepped out in a Hyundai Palisade last year, the SUV was on back-order for months. The band also launched lucrative partnerships with sportswear manufacturer Puma for track suits and sneakers; global character brand Line Friends for collectibles such as cellphone cases and plush dolls; South Korean beauty brands VT Cosmetics and Mediheal for makeup, perfume and face masks; and toy maker Mattel for figurines and an Uno card deck. Other collaborators, such as Starbucks and UNICEF, have said they plan to harness the band’s popularity to promote their humanitarian efforts.

“What we love about BTS is that they are a pop culture music phenomenon that transcends age, culture and language,” said Lisa McKnight, the global head of Mattel’s Barbie brand. “We get a lot of input studying culture, looking at social media, looking at public response, media and earned media coverage, and then evaluate what would be a good collaboration … and we are fortunate to bring one of the most popular bands right now to life.”

“We really started at the bottom. When we first started, no one paid attention to us,” RM said on CNN, adding that the group lived in the same house and learned to deal with each other like “brothers.” “We sometimes argue from time to time. We know how to deal with it and how to learn from each other. We have a very special bond.”

Other Korean labels have been known to impose strict control over their artists’ lives, going so far as to include no-dating clauses in their contracts. While this could prevent artists from acting out, it also puts pressure on them to strive for perfection, potentially exacerbating mental-health issues. The industry has come under scrutiny after the deaths of two K-pop stars last year. But for BTS, there seems to be more openness regarding music creation and social media, possibly from what Bang described as a “relatively liberal trainee system.”

“The K-pop management system has been far from perfect in the past,” said Bernie Cho, president of DFSB Kollective, an agency that specializes in the export of Korean music. He added that as the industry has expanded, the Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korean Fair Trade Commission have stepped in to protect artists. “Coupled with the power of social media-savvy fans and the influence of stock market investors, the days of overbearing, overly controlling and overtly exploitative K-pop management situations are becoming less the rule and more the exception. Bad behavior is not just a bad look — it’s bad for the bottom line.”

“It is as important to be partners in philosophy as it is to create hit products and generate sales,” said Steve Sejung Ha, general manager of Big Hit IP. “Our most important customers are the ‘fans’ who love the artist, so it is very important to work with an open-minded partner who can actively understand and communicate with our fans. I believe this aspect has a huge impact on our performance.”

“They’re both very into the branding, much more so than I’d say 95 percent of what other groups and bands have done,” Ekstract said. “I think every band now today wants to do that … but I just think there are a few that really break out and separate themselves from the pack, and BTS certainly is at their height.”

“Everything that happens to BTS comes down to the fan base and how dedicated we are,” said Roma Barade, an 18-year-old high school senior and administrator for the New Jersey fan group. “A lot of us look at them as serious role models. We look up to everything they do and buy products that they use.

“Thousands of reviews on the product are uploaded via social media, which more consumers and brands can easily see,” said Kim, whose YouTube channel has more than 566,000 subscribers. “It’s a free second promotion and also a convenient way to keep track of marketing impact in terms of data tracking. ARMY is one of the biggest and most supportive communities in the world, so when you have ARMY backing you up, it’s really hard to lose.”

“It sucks, and I will absolutely miss them,” Ibarra said of their required military service. “It’s something they have to do and I’m ready for it, but what I always tell people, what is the amazing thing about BTS, that even if they’re not here, they left us with an amazing message that can continue on. … It’s timeless, to love yourself, speak for yourself and be true to who you are.”In the mid-1980s, when Heather Kim and her brother were in grade school, they spent evenings at their parents’ truck-stop restaurant off Moreland Avenue. At night, the diner would morph into a hangout spot for Korean Americans, and their father—a guitarist who sometimes played with Lee Mi-ja, one of South Korea’s most famous singers, during Atlanta performances—would host impromptu jam sessions. “At the time, [Atlanta’s] Korean population was, like, 100,” Kim says. “I think he brought the entire community to his club.” The siblings were supposed to be sleeping in the kitchen, but sometimes, they couldn’t help but peek from behind the swinging door and watch the show. No one in Kim’s family, least of all herself, realized these scenes were a glimpse into her future.

Kim’s parents decided to get out of the entertainment business after only a couple of years, especially after they got robbed by gang members toting M16s. They steered their children away from the music industry, too. “My parents held very high expectations of me: You could be a doctor, a lawyer, a businessperson,” Kim says now. When she enrolled in college, she gave up spending Friday nights at a Korean nightclub in Doraville and turned to studying. At Georgia Tech, she earned bachelor’s and master’s degrees in chemistry, then later an MBA. By 2018, Kim had settled into corporate America, working in risk management for a bank.

But that summer, a visit to her parents’ native land rekindled her love of K-pop—a type of popular music originating in early ’90s South Korea that presents various musical genres in a characteristically choreographed, upbeat style. If I ever won the lottery, I would start my own label, she mused. When she got back to the States, she decided to give her dream a try. In January 2019, Kim held a press conference in Norcross to announce the launch of YMG Entertainment—claiming to be the first K-pop label out of metro Atlanta, home to 51,000 Korean Americans.

When Billboard created its K-pop 100 chart in 2011, the U.S. music industry regarded the category as a niche genre. But the following year, Psy’s “Gangnam Style” set a YouTube record for most views. Now, K-pop groups land on Billboard charts and perform at Coachella. Last summer, Lil Nas X tapped RM, a member of platinum-selling boy band BTS, for an “Old Town Road” remix. The language barrier isn’t an issue when the music—with its dizzying suites of genres as wide-ranging as EDM, hip-hop, and folk and a fanbase more rabid than Beatlemania—is this infectious.

Leading up to the founding of YMG—which stands for Yuri Music Group and is named after Kim’s daughter—Kim kept thinking about the moment that some critics consider the birth of modern K-pop: Seo Taiji and Boys rapping and dancing to Flavor Flav samples in the group’s 1992 TV debut. For Kim, then around 12 years old, that was music she “understood”—a departure from trot, the more traditional Korean tunes of her parents’ generation.

Kim, who is keeping her day job and funding the startup with her own savings, says her parents were surprised by her foray into entertainment. But, the 41-year-old music executive notes, “They fully support me because I don’t come to them for money.” In fact, they reached out to old industry friends, who helped connect Kim to potential mentors like Cho Yu-Myeong, founder of the South Korean-based K-pop label YMC Entertainment. Eventually, Kim met Elvis “Blac Elvis” Williams—an American producer who launched No. 1 hits for Beyoncé (“Ego”) and Fergie (“Glamorous”). Williams was surprised when Kim proposed a partnership, but he was also intrigued with the upstart entrepreneur’s fearlessness, not to mention the crossover success of “Gangnam Style.” He and one of his past collaborators, Mack Woodward, signed on to be YMG’s executive producers.

The talent search began last February, when 150 people nationwide submitted online auditions. The label’s first signee was 16-year-old Trinity Nguyen, whose follower count on Instagram—where she posts frenetic dance clips to global pop songs from her family’s basement in Atlanta—is 127,000. At Madison Records Studios in Chamblee, she has started work on her first original song. “Under the Sky” begins with buoyant electric guitars and a question: “Sunshine, do you see us together / riding the wave?” Woodward offers Ariana Grande as a reference point.

YMG is also assembling a group act, Next Rising Generation. But don’t expect a Korean version of Migos. The label aims to speak more widely to Georgia’s diversifying population, marrying Latin sounds with urban and even country music elements. So far, they’ve recruited Giselle Lin, a 16-year-old former trainee at South Korea’s FNC Entertainment, and brothers Justin and Anthony Hong, 18 and 16, who live in New York. [Editor’s note: After this story went to press, YMG Entertainment posted on Instagram that Lin “has decided to focus on school and other endeavors and [is] no longer part of the program.”] Signing artists has proved more difficult than Kim anticipated: A process that she’d hoped would take weeks has stretched into months.

Still, YMG execs are encouraged by how Georgia, with one of the fastest growing Asian populations in the United States, is embracing K-pop, and vice versa. In 2018, Big Hit Entertainment chose Atlanta as one of six cities to host auditions for its next boy band. Last May, Duluth’s Infinite Energy Arena hosted a sold-out Blackpink concert. That same month, the Duluth-based Korean broadcast network KTN hosted auditions for the 2019 Changwon K-pop World Festival, where Williams was a guest judge. Kim hopes all those factors will give YMG a competitive edge. “What separates us is that it’s not just going to be some K-pop music from anywhere,” she says. “It’s gonna be, ‘Oh, that’s an Atlanta K-pop kid.”On a hot August day in 2008, I was invited to appear on a TV entertainment programme hosted by actor Ahn Jae-hwan. I noticed Ahn was behaving oddly, walking nervously around the studio whenever he was off camera. He was running a business on the side, and it wasn’t doing well. He was inundated with complaints and had become the target of an online boycott and malicious comments.

I was very worried and mentioned my concern to an actress who was an old friend. “I am worried he might choose to end it all,” I told her. My actor friend said she knew his problems and that his friends and colleagues were trying to help him. Later that month Ahn took his own life.

On the day they found him, the actor and I went to the hospital where his body had been taken. She was in such a state of shock that she was unable to walk properly. The waiting photographers caught all of this. The photos ran with the caption: “Actress in shock at not being able to get the money back from dead actor.” She and other people in the industry had loaned Ahn money but the media portrayed them as loan sharks. People were looking for someone to blame for Ahn’s death, and she was the easiest target.

That actor was Choi Jin-sil, then one of the most in-demand women in the industry. Forty days after Ahn killed himself, Choi took her own life. I and a few other people had been out drinking with her just four hours before she died. I had heard her last words: “As the victim of internet hate I don’t think abusive comments should be allowed,” she had said. “I want to campaign to stop them, retire from entertainment and do charity work, like Audrey Hepburn. I’m tired of it all.”

I found out about her death at 5am the next day from her younger brother, Choi Jin-young, an actor and singer.

When I arrived at Choi’s funeral, her younger brother started hitting me, crying: “You promised to protect my sister! Why couldn’t you?” Two years later, in March 2010, he too killed himself. Three years later, in January 2013, Choi Jin-sil’s ex-husband and the father of their two children, the former baseball player Cho Seong-min, also took his own life. He had become the target of online abuse in the wake of Choi Jin-sil’s death.

Six years later, little has changed, and there has been another spike in high-profile suicides. Sulli was found dead in October, Goo Hara in November and Cha In Ha in December.

Whatever change there has been has made matters worse. I dread getting calls in the middle of the night in case it is to tell me about another suicide by a South Korean celebrity.

Suicide is not confined to South Korea’s entertainment industry, of course. I have reported on the scene for the past 30 years, covering 30 suicides, and I can say with absolute certainty that this is a problem for everyone in South Korean society. The statistics speak for themselves. More South Koreans kill themselves than people in other OECD countries. The figures for 2019 have yet to be published, but everyone predicts South Korea will come top yet again.

I can’t explain why so many South Korean entertainers have taken their own lives. We can’t pretend to know each motivation, whether it be money problems, relationships, family issues, declining popularity, online abuse, or any number of other factors. Attempting to explain each death would just encourage the trolls.

The Korean Association of Journalists’ guidelines advise reporters not to reveal the methods people use to take their own lives, or to mention the location and motive.

When Sulli was being criticised for posting “controversial” photos on social media, I said during a TV appearance that she was seeking the public’s understanding and affection, and that her critics should take the time to try to understand her.

I too have become a target. I get hate calls, texts and online comments daily.

South Korean society obsesses over celebrity divorces, with speculation about who is the “guilty party”. There is a similar obsession with why celebrities kill themselves. Some of the responsibility has to lie with reporters who think only of how many clicks their articles will attract, even if it means spewing out falsehoods and speculation.

There is no easy solution. Most entertainment reporters have to put up with job instability and low pay. In some ways it’s no wonder some take such delight in reporting the demise of highly paid celebrities. Changes need to be made so the media are less dependent on the clicks salacious articles attract.

South Korea’s entertainment industry itself has to bear a lot of the responsibility. It treats celebrities as commodities from whom a few powerful agencies can squeeze as much income in as short a time as possible. Many celebrities are spotted as children and are not taught valuable life skills, only how to sing and dance. The situation is worse for female celebrities, with the public more interested in every salacious detail of their lives.

We also have to understand why people feel moved to post vicious comments online. Our freedom of speech and privacy laws that allow commenters to remain anonymous need updating. At the moment in South Korea, someone who urges another social media user to die is fined an average of just $2,000 for their first offence.

A well-known celebrity once approached me, offering to give me her “last interview”. She told me she had tried to kill herself several times. We ended up talking for three days. I told her I would conduct her last interview, but that it would not be for a very long time.

She was not the first celebrity to ask me to do this. I have given them the same answer every time: Spring doesn’t come to us from afar, but, even now, it is coming from beneath our feet. We were born without a reason, and we should keep on living without a reason.
• None Kim is a South Korean journalist specialising in the entertainment industry.
• None International crisis support helplines can be found at www.befrienders.org. In Australia, Lifeline is 13 11 14. In the UK and Ireland, Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123 or email jo@samaritans.org or jo@samaritans.ie. In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255.Like many other girls here, my daughter is what I’d call dance-sitting, swaying her arms and sometimes lifting herself out of her seat entirely to let the rest of her body move with the music. Her eyes and smile are as wide as I’ve ever seen, wider than when she experienced “Sesame Street Live” as a preschool Elmo fan, even wider than when she saw “Hamilton” on Broadway, after she’d memorized the soundtrack and role-played Alexander Hamilton in social studies class.

We don’t say that, of course. We don’t say much of anything to one another these days. She spends most of her time at home behind the closed door of her bedroom. In the car, she listens to her own music and podcasts. Even dinners, when we manage to have them together, are often silent affairs punctuated by angry outbursts at her little sister.

I know it’s natural for daughters, even daughters who have always been close to their mothers, to pull away during their teen years. Experts say it’s a positive milestone. Girls who do this feel secure enough in their relationships to test their mothers’ patience while trying out their own independence. Pushing me away is helping my daughter become more autonomous, more responsible for herself, more knowledgeable about her own mind. It’s a good thing. It’s also a hard thing for mothers like me who enjoyed the somewhat independent but not-totally-dissing-you elementary school years.

It didn’t feel normal when my daughter stopped wanting to join family game nights and bike rides. It didn’t feel normal when she moved from doing her homework at the kitchen table to doing it in her bedroom. And it felt far from normal when she began snapping at just about anything I said.

A few months later, in the movie theater, my daughter is singing along to the songs in Korean, a language she’d never heard before falling for this band, and I am recalling my early teen years and my devotion to five Latin American singers who made the covers of teen magazines in the ‘80s. The band was Menudo, and they also sang in a language I didn’t know and had never heard before I came across their songs. I spent hours alone in my room, flipping through my music magazines, captivated by their pictures. I had one school notebook with their image on the cover, but the marketing — the consumerism — was nothing like it is today. I never actually saw Menudo perform in a theater or anywhere.

I kept my own teenage fandom under wraps at home. The terrestrial radio stations in our town didn’t play songs in Spanish, so my mother and I never had a radio moment with Menudo like the one my daughter and I had with BTS. My mother was never into the Beatles or the Rolling Stones or any other popular band of her generation.

And I was initially reluctant about encouraging my own daughter’s fandom. My initial dismissal went beyond the shelling out of hard-earned cash for a frivolous cause. I was being a snob, reflexively thinking that what’s being hyped by teenagers can’t be good music. It’s a prevailing misconception critic Brody Lancaster aptly summarized in Pitchfork, “When fame is girded by a swelling teenage, female fan base immediately, that celebrity becomes false, temporary and unearned.”

Then my daughter shamed me into checking myself. Not only has this band won a slew of music awards and collaborated with Halsey, Lauv and other popular artists, “BTS does good for the world,” she told me, before sending me a link to one of the band’s emotional, ethereal videos, which promoted UNICEF’s #ENDviolence campaign through depictions of bullying being thwarted by acts of kindness.

With BTS, as with all celebrities, I know there’s a high degree of promotion control. BTS’s causes are universally acceptable: self-love, respect, beneficence. All of this, while not provocative, also meshes nicely with the values I’ve tried to instill in my daughter. With so much incivility, self-destructiveness and abuse in the world, positive messages like these may seem like a lifeline to many teenagers, especially those who are dealing with anxiety, depression and social oppression. Perhaps my daughter liking BTS — not just their music but their messages — is a parenting win. She’s not just enraptured by the music, or by the boys who can sing and rap and dance. She has also found a community of support for her own values in her fandom.

My daughter may not want me in her room anymore, but at least she’s sharing this part of her life with me. When BTS is playing, no one is fighting. She enjoys switching roles, being the enlightened one, helping me expand my cultural knowledge and vocabulary. There’s always something to talk about in BTS world — a new single just dropped, a tour just announced. My daughter is now in the band’s army, and I am in its version of the USO.Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.Can you believe K-pop bands and artists such as Girls’ Generation, IU and Super Junior made history with their top singles 10 years ago already?K-pop music label YG Entertainment made a shocking announcement in the industry when it revealed that that their boy band iKON’s new album will include contributions from a member previously ousted from the group.

iKON is preparing to release their upcoming EP titled I Decide which will mark their first new music in more than a year since the single “I’m OK” as part of their compilation album The New Kids featuring hits from 2017 through 2019. A year is a lengthy wait in the quickly moving K-pop scene and comes after the band had hit new career heights with their humongous Korean hit "Love Scenario" in 2018 but found itself in controversy when the band's leader and main producer/songwriter B.I was belatedly revealed in June 2019 by a local outlet to have allegedly attempted to purchase marijuana and LSD three years prior. The news lead to his contract with YG Entertainment to be terminated and seemingly marking the end of his career with the company who recruited him for training in 2011.

From suggestive song lyrics to actual drug use, fans and executives alike hardly bat an eye at drugs in any capacity in the western music industry—even less so at just the thought of taking drugs—but South Korea’s society is much more conservative at large where marijuana still remains an illegal substance. A follow-up story said his company had allegedly attempted to illegally cover up the charges when they first surfaced in 2016. Despite sharing that he never actually took any drugs and he was going through a mentally tough time, B.I’s negative local attention led to be edited from TV shows he was a part of and, ultimately, announcing his departure from iKON on Instagram. Later, an unconfirmed report indicated that he was forced out by his company instead of his own decision like his social-media post made it seem.

iKON has shared their intention to continue with the remaining six members after B.I’s departure, but the group has mostly been quiet since the changes despite a typically packed schedule of releasing multiple singles and albums a year. A major part of this is likely is attributed to B.I’s heavy involvement in iKON’s music as a producer and songwriter in all of the group’s releases to date. The upcoming album will apparently be no different even with a mixed response from fans.

On Jan. 28, YG Entertainment shared that I Decide will include new songs that featured contributions from B.I in a long letter on social media. YG said the contents of this album were actually recorded in early 2019 with plans to be released the middle of the year, but “due to the sudden departure of B.I, who was the team’s leader and producer, in the middle of last year, the release of their new music was postponed indefinitely" (according to translations posted by Soompi). The company shared they considered removing all songs B.I was a part of, but felt that would make an even longer period of inactivity for iKON. They also considered cutting all rap parts and melodies B.I had a hand in making, but worried it would complicate the songs since they were joint works done alongside other contributors. Instead, the company decided to use the songs after discussing with the iKON members but "with adjustments."

The move is rather unprecedented in K-pop where most companies would opt to scrap a release or at least re-record it if a member left the group, especially under controversial circumstances. A recent notable examples include when Girls’ Generation re-recorded and re-filmed the single and music video to 2015 single “Catch Me If You Can” when member Jessica Jung abruptly exited the group in 2014. The music video featuring the former member later leaked showing the extents Girls’ Generation’s label SM Entertainment went through to push forward with their new lineup including returning to the same set, bringing the same costumes and styling, while creating a new version of the song and its accompanying choreography while down one member. More recently, boy band Stray Kids had member Woojin unexpectedly leave the group late last year. Despite recording a music video for their buzz single “Astronaut” with him, the visual was heavily edited to ensure no cuts of the departed singer were featured (though nine bodies were seen at times) and the song was re-recorded.

The international fan response to the B.I news seems to be mixed, as seen when I asked my Twitter followers made up mainly of international, English-speaking K-pop fans. The top responses from nearly 500 replies at press time presented blends of confusion (as to why B.I’s work was being used but he removed), worried (such as what happened legally for YG to use the songs), joy (that the group will get to continue performing B.I music and he’s a part of K-pop in some capacity) as well as calls for him to be reinstated into iKON.

There are still many questions to be answered about how this happened, but for now there’s at least acknowledgement of B.I’s strength as a producer, songwriter and artist as well as his core role in iKON.

I Decide will be released on February 6. Watch another trailer for the upcoming EP below:"Definitely language is becoming less important in music that you listen to. It's certainly becoming more about the artists, what their message is, what they show and what their talent is," Jeff Benjamin said in a meeting with reporters on the sidelines of the annual Culture Communication Forum hosted by the Corea Image Communication Institute.2018 Wharton MBA graduate Clyde Kelly told his team at McKinsey & Company that he needed to take some time off – he had been asked to co-write a song for global pop sensation BTS’s newest album.

Kelly said a representative from Big Hit Entertainment, the mastermind behind South Korean boyband BTS, cold emailed him in September 2019 asking if he would like to work on a song titled “Black Swan” for the label. Kelly soon learned the song would be on BTS’s upcoming album, “Map of the Soul: 7,” expected to be released on Feb. 21.

Kelly said he still does not know how BTS’s label company found him but described the email as “life-changing.”

“I have no idea why it happened to me,” he said.

Kelly started releasing music the summer before his first year at Wharton in 2016 and has continued to work on his music while working as a full-time associate at McKinsey & Company in Los Angeles.

Kelly added that he had never heard of Big Hit before but knew of BTS and respected their success. He said he was pleasantly surprised to find that BTS not only releases hits but incorporates positive messages about self-love and individuality into their songs.

“They do it in a way that is not corny somehow and that is part of the whole ethos of the label,” Kelly said. “Their slogan is ‘Music and artist for healing’ and they are really serious about that.

According to Kelly, Big Hit sent him the song's instrumentation in September, which he then used to help create the song’s melody.

“It was fun and easy to do this without having to worry about lyrics, because the lyrics don’t have to make sense,” Kelly said. “Some of my lyrics were gibberish, so I really just took it from free styling and just recorded myself and came up with whatever came to mind.”

He sent his first song to Bit Hit within a week of receiving the initial email and sent two more songs with new melody ideas at the label's request, Kelly added. Kelly said that Big Hit took parts of the melody he wrote in the latter two songs and rewrote them into Korean lyrics, which now make up the second verse of “Black Swan.”

While writing music and working at a consulting firm may not have a clear connection, Kelly said working full time as an analyst in turn creates more of a need for a creative outlet.

“Honestly, I think there is a really good yin and yang between the two,” Kelly said. “The more time I spend at work, the more I need a creative outlet, and if I didn’t have a job that was very numbers oriented, very left brain kind of thinking, then I don’t think I would have much drive to go do creative things in my free time.”

Kelly pointed to his time at Wharton as a key contributor to his success in the music industry. He said his Wharton degree has opened doors through classmate connections. He added that the free time during his two years pursuing an MBA degree allowed him to pursue his passion for music.

While he will continue his own career in rapping, Kelly hopes to write more music for global artists. Kelly said he is currently working on music for Big Hit’s other boy band, TXT.

“I definitely hope that [my music] evolves into me writing more for other people like this, because this is truly on a global scale which obviously my music has not reached the scale of BTS so it’s really exciting to work on something that’s like a huge team effort that goes so far," Kelly said.The famous Chinese celebrity was told he looked like a BTS member, angering fans when he dissed the rival K-pop groupMeet Sienna Lalau, the 19-Year-Old Who Has Choreographed for K-Pop Superstars BTSWe’re getting closer to the publication of Shine, the debut book from K-pop superstar Jessica Jung. EW exclusively announced the novel last fall, the first of a two-book deal Jung signed with Simon Pulse, and now we can provide a first-look.

As the novel begins, Korean-American teenager Rachel Kim has been in the recruitment eyeliner of DB Entertainment, one of Seoul’s largest K-pop labels known for churning out some of the world’s most popular stars, for six years. The rules are simple: Train 24/7. Be perfect. Don’t date. But as the dark scandals of an industry bent on controlling and commodifying beautiful girls begin to bubble up, Rachel wonders if she’s strong enough to be a winner, or if she’ll end up crushed — especially when she begins to develop feelings for K-pop star and DB golden boy Jason Lee.

Inspired by Jung’s own experiences in the industry, it’s one of the most anticipated teen tales of the year. Glasstown Entertainment, the producing and book-development company founded by authors Lauren Oliver and Lexa Hillyer, has already sold Shine in several foreign territories and is currently developing the project for the screen with Matt Kaplan of ACE Entertainment, the team behind Netflix’s smash adaptation To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before.

Jung has shared with EW the official cover for Shine, as well as a first excerpt. Read on below. The novel publishes Oct. 6 and is available for pre-order.

Head up, legs crossed. Tummy tucked, shoulders back. Smile like the whole world is your best friend. I repeat the mantra in my head as the camera pans across my face. The corners of my lips turn up in a perfectly sweet “don’t you want to tell me all your secrets” pink-glossed smile.

But you probably shouldn’t. You know how they say three can keep a secret if two are dead? Well, that couldn’t be truer for my world, where everyone is always watching and your secrets can actually kill you. Or, at least, they can kill your chance to shine.

“You girls must be thrilled!” The interviewer is a middle-aged man with oily, slicked-back hair and fair skin. He might have been handsome if his garish hot-pink satin tie and red shirt combo weren’t so distracting. He leans forward eagerly, his eyes gleaming at the nine girls seated before him, a sea of perfectly tousled beach waves and unblemished faces glowing from years of skin-brightening face masks, choreographed down to the angle of our sleekly crossed legs and the descending order of our pastel rainbow-hued stilettos. “Hitting No. 1 at all the music shows, and with your debut music video no less! You’re one chart away from an All-Kill! How do you feel?”

The interviewer’s eyes light up, and he leans in conspiratorially. “So you all get along? I mean, nine incredibly beautiful girls in one group. That can’t always be easy.”

Sumin gives a soft, effortless laugh, pursing her perfectly lined bright-red lips. “Nothing is ever ‘always easy,’” she says. “But we’re family. And family comes first.” She links arms with Lizzie sitting next to her. “We belong together.”If you’ve found yourself coming across Korean pop music on your Spotify playlists, blasting from the speakers at your favorite coffee shop, or dominating your television screens, you’re not alone.

K-pop is not only a popular music genre, it’s one that’s already taken over the world. And, yes, it’s evolved far beyond the genre solely relegated to a certain sunnies-sporting, Gangnam style-rocking, middle-aged man. Almost a decade later, the biggest pop groups, hottest singles, and best music videos happen to be imported from South Korea. Chances are, you’ve probably heard of at least one of them, like the mega-popular BTS. The seven-member group who have gone on to sell out stadiums for their tours worldwide aren’t only the biggest K-pop act, they’re the hottest boy band in the world. Period.

Of course, BTS is hardly the only K-pop band becoming a household name. The girls are slaying it too. In particular, Twice, a nine-member band with ladies from Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, is becoming the highest-selling girl group in Asia. The band has hit singles ranging from “Cheer Up,” “TT,” “Knock Knock,” and last year’s bop “Fancy You.” Since their debut in 2015, Twice have gone on to win 90 music awards and sell out stadiums from Japan to the United States, all while becoming the most popular girl group in K-pop history. And they’re coming to take over the Western world as well.

Their latest EP, Feel Special, is their eighth Korean album and arguably most popular to date, beating their previous record for first-week sales. The album’s eponymously titled lead single eventually hit number one on Billboard’s World Digital Song Sales. “Feel Special” is an uplifting track with a bright, groovy bass beat in the background and revealing lyrics up front, with the women unafraid to show their true selves to the world. It’s especially empowering as one of the group members, Mina, has taken a temporary leave of absence after announcing her experiences with anxiety.

“I just wanted to hide / Didn’t wanna face the world,” the lyrics go. “Then you appeared before me / With a warm smile.”

Harper’s BAZAAR caught up with the girls—Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu—to talk about their career, new year goals, and, of course, fashion and beauty.

Feel Special feels like it’s a more grown version of Twice. Tell us how you have grown into women under the spotlight and how it feels to be in the public eye.

Nayeon: Being in the public eye and basically growing up in the spotlight, we are always responsible for our actions. Because we have done so many amazing things and grown so much in the last few years, I believe I’ve definitely matured and realized how special the people in my life are to me.

Dahyun: I’m always thinking about something new, something cool that we can do to make our fans happy! These thoughts, and efforts to make those thoughts come true, really help me grow as a person. I always keep in mind that being Twice, we will of course be in the spotlight, but that attention is amazing because it means people are supporting us. I appreciate all the people who give us love.

Also, happy New Year! Tell us about what you’re up to now and what resolutions or goals you have for 2020.

Jeongyeon: The end of the year is coming up quickly, so our team is preparing for award ceremonies and performances. We are so busy these days! My resolution for 2020 is to have a healthier and more positive mind-set than in 2019.

Mina: I’m getting ready for 2019 to end and am looking forward to 2020! Same as Jeongyeon, I want to be healthy and happy in the new year.

Any regrets from this past year or in your past four years as a group? Also, what is your proudest moment to date?

Jihyo: Of course, there are things I regret, but I try not to think too much about it because I know that I cannot change them! Instead, I try to be positive and make different choices when I find myself in a similar situation. Why regret things you can’t change when you can just learn and grow from them?

I think it’s hard to have a proudest moment to date, because I never know what’s coming! Something that I’m proud of now can be replaced with something even better in a week, who knows. I think it’s all about moving forward.

Chaeyoung: My answer is quite different from Jihyo’s. I don’t regret anything! Maybe there’s something, but since I can’t remember it, it must have not been that big of a deal. For me, the proudest moment was when we won first place in the music show program.

Twice has become one of the most trendsetting groups throughout Asia. How has your style changed since your debut?

Momo: We get to wear a lot of pretty and fancy clothes for our performances and videos, so in my daily life, I like to be really comfortable. I love to wear training suits, but if I’m in the mood to dress up a little nicer, I do!

Jihyo: During “Cheer Up” and “TT,” I used to wear really bright and vivid-colored clothes that fit the team’s concept. However, these days, I am really liking more fancy and mature styles.

Airport fashion is such a thing in Korea as well. Do you guys dress up for the airport and change inside the airplane into more comfortable clothes?

Jeongyeon: Actually, no. I change into comfortable clothes and head to the airport just like that. It is too much of a hassle to change clothes when you’re on the plane.

Mina: Same as Jeongyeon, I don’t change either. Instead, we like to bring masks or hats to cover our faces.

Speaking of, what’s your favorite look or designer?

Nayeon: I usually choose to wear more comfortable clothes! No matter how pretty or designer the clothes are, I don’t like to wear anything that is uncomfortable. That’s why I have various styles of training suits.

Sana: I think I wear various kinds of clothes, not really limited to a certain style. But when it gets colder, I love to go for furry clothes, like the teddy bear jackets. I also like to wear cardigans and mufflers. Rose gold is my favorite color, so those are the accessories that catch my eye first.

Chaeyoung: I am totally in love with vintage clothes. I am really into the hippie look and pieces like vivid-colored stockings. I also love customizing my own clothes! My favorite designer is Vivienne Westwood. I love her makeup and her overall style.

What’s your favorite look throughout the years from a specific song/music video?

Nayeon: I really loved the look from “Dance the Night Away.” Usually summer colors and vibes go well with Twice, I think, because we’re bright and fresh. Also, I liked the purple color concept of “Feel Special,” but that’s just because my favorite color is purple!

Sana: My favorite look has to be from “Feel Special.” In the video, I had the wet pink hair, which looked like I was out in the rain. I also tried more tone-downed makeup, which was quite different from what I usually get. It was definitely new for me, but I liked experimenting with my look. Also, the scene where I’m wearing a blue dress, I really liked the hair and makeup there.

Where do you guys shop? Do you have a say when it comes to your outfits?

Dahyun: I usually shop online. My whole style mantra is that outfits should be comfortable. I think Once might know this, but I have a lot of comfortable clothes. My checkered-style pants that I wore to our fan meetings are one of my favorite pieces.

Tzuyu: I like to shop both online and in-store. I wear and buy clothes that catch my eye. It can be anything I think will look good. I don’t have my own philosophy about clothes, because I think everyone has their own unique style. My style even changes based on my mood.

Let’s talk beauty. How do you keep your complexions SO flawless? What’s your routine?

Momo: I try to be very cautious when washing my face. Washing your face for too long is not good for your skin, so I always keep a small timer next to me to tell me how many seconds I have to wash each part of my face. I also love face masks.

Tzuyu: My skin is quite dry, so I always make sure my skin care products are very moisturizing.

Favorite products you can’t live without? What’s your secret to glowing skin?

Jihyo: My favorite product is lip balm. My lips get very dry easily, so I’m always applying lip balm. Sometimes when I needed it most, I could never find a tube, so now I make sure I have different kinds of lip balms here and there, so it’s ready for me whenever I need it.

Mina: My favorite and absolute must-have product is cleansing oil. Because we are onstage so often, we are always wearing heavy makeup. It’s so important for us to take all the makeup off when we’re done with our shows, so we can’t live without the cleansing oil. Taking your makeup off is just as important as putting it on, I believe.

Chaeyoung: I don’t have a favorite makeup product, but I am always thinking of how I can enhance my beauty from the inside. What you put inside your body is very important and helpful too. For example, I try to eat a lot of vegetables to get glowing skin.

How did you come to terms with your own makeup? Where did you learn, and what’s one thing you MUST do before leaving your household?

Nayeon: I am pretty bad at doing my makeup myself, so these days, I am learning from a makeup artist. I treat my face as a sketchbook and am gradually trying things that I learned from the artist.

Jeongyeon: I also learned from makeup artists like Nayeon said. Whenever we had free time from our busy schedules, I would be practicing in the dressing rooms. When I’m going about my daily life and not performing, I don’t wear makeup so that I can let my skin rest.

Sana: I try and follow what our makeup artists show us, but it never works as well as when they do it! I guess there’s a reason they are the experts in their field.

Fashion and beauty for many are tools that allow someone to become powerful from the inside and out. What are your thoughts on this, and do you have any anecdotes you can share?

Mina: Preparing for our stage performances would be a good example. We get to wear amazing outfits and have really pretty makeup, it’s so much fun to dress up. We always want to put on a good show, so we have to memorize all the choreography and make sure we’re keeping high energy levels throughout the show. The costumes and makeup are like our armor; we become more confident and powerful in them onstage. We feel like we can face anything!

Sana: I agree! Of course, everyone’s goal is to be just as confident without fashion and beauty, but of course, those things do help with that. For instance, I love to try different lip colors, and with every different color lipstick, I feel my whole energy and vibe change. Beauty and fashion are so powerful.

Finally, It’s been a tough year for K-pop and also personally for your group. Mina has been visibly absent. Tell us about the pressures you all have been under and how that’s affected you. How is it without her, and how are you supporting her and ensuring she’s getting what she needs?

Momo: At first, not having Mina with us made us all feel lonely, and there was an emptiness without her. However, Mina is trying her best to participate, so even when she’s not with us in person, she’s still always with us in spirit. I really thank her for being there when she can, but I do believe that all members being healthy and happy is the priority.

Sana: Not having Mina there really made me realize that I have to cherish people and show them I love them as much as I can. Everybody has their own hardships and their own struggles. Because of this, I think we became a stronger team overall.

Tzuyu: We were all relieved to hear that Mina will come back after resting. I am sure that she will join us onstage again someday, and I really thank her for doing her best to overcome her struggles. She thought about us and cared for us, even when she wasn’t feeling well, and we all want her to get better. We really depend on each other to get through any hardships in our lives.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.ioJin, Jungkook and RM from the seven-member South Korean boy band BTS. The microphones sold were used from 2017 to 2019 on the band's "Love Yourself" tour.

[LOS ANGELES] Seven microphones used on tour by South Korean pop band BTS have sold for US$83,200 at a pre-Grammy Awards auction for charity, more than eight times the expected starting price, Julien's Auctions said on Friday.

The autographed microphones were the first ever items to be sold at auction from BTS, Julien's said. The auction house had previously estimated that the set would sell for between US$10,000 and US$20,000.

BTS, a seven-member boy band with a message of self-confidence, has spearheaded a wave of Korean pop music beyond Asia and into the United States just six years after its 2013 debut. In 2019, BTS became the first group since the Beatles to score three No 1 albums in a year on the Billboard 200 charts.

The microphones sold at auction were used from 2017 to 2019 on the band's "Love Yourself" tour.

The auction was held to benefit the Recording Academy's charitable arm, MusiCares. Also sold were items from Aerosmith, Pete Townsend, Stevie Nicks, the late Tom Petty and others.

By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Your feedback is important to us Tell us what you think. Email us at btuserfeedback@sph.com.sg

BTS is among the acts scheduled to perform at Sunday's Grammy Awards.Seven-member Korean boy band BTS rang in the new year with a live performance at New York City’s Times Square. Film director Bong Joon-ho rewrote the history of Korean film with his black comedy “Parasite,” which has been nominated for best picture at the Oscars. Korean culture as a whole is reaching new highs on the international stage.To keep the momentum going, Korean creators should continue to pursue innovation, said Lee Soo-man, one of the most important figures in the K-pop scene, and soft power expert Lee Geun.Speaking at a seminar in Seoul last week, Lee Soo-man, founder and chief producer at S.M. Entertainment, drew an even more ambitious road map for Korean pop music. He envisioned the creation of a “culture universe,” where K-pop would grow to become a signature product of Korea just as Switzerland is known for its high-end watches.“We plan to innovate the entertainment industry by integrating K-pop with different cultures and technologies, like AI, nanotechnology and other cutting-edge technology,” Lee Soo-man said at the event discussing the future of K-pop, at the Plaza Hotel in central Seoul on Jan. 14.“’Culture universe’ refers to the future of entertainment made on the collaboration of communication technology that cultivated in the K-pop industry with state-of-the-art technologies. Within the next 10 years, people will live in an age where they will be able to start and end their days with an avatar of K-pop stars.”Lee’s concept of celebrity avatars entails more than entertainment purposes, as “the movement of AI will become an important criterion that assesses the value of a country rather than the number of population.”He established S.M. Entertainment in 1995, and the agency has grown to become one of the “big three” K-pop labels. It has produced and managed K-pop boy bands SHINee and EXO, first-generation K-pop star BoA and girl group Red Velvet, among other artists.According to Lee, seven-piece boy band SuperM, which ranked No. 1 on the US Billboard 200 last year, is a prime example of his strategy to create a culture universe. SuperM was produced and launched by S.M. Entertainment and combines key members from S.M.’s four boy bands.Lee has previously teamed up with Marvel, CAA and Intel, among other global companies, to realize the culture universe.“In cooperating with international companies, I plan to connect the East and West by expanding music to film and TV production and agency business. On the back of this I seek to create the ‘culture universe’ and I will work for Korea to be the gateway.”According to figures shared by the Korea Foundation, the number of K-pop fans who have joined a related club in 98 countries tallied 99.3 million people in 2019, nearly a fivefold increase from 21.7 million in 2014.Echoing Lee’s ambitions for a high-tech-incorporated K-pop industry, Korea Foundation President Lee Geun told The Korea Herald that “innovation” is the utmost important factor for Korean culture to leap forward. The Korea Foundation is a nonprofit public diplomacy organization under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.Lee said “to become an ‘advanced creative nation’ we must work on three Cs -- creative capacity, creative culture, creative content. ... Now is the time to leave the entertainment industry to the market.”The worldwide popularity of K-pop marks a milestone in Korean culture, but industry leaders are tasked with navigating a slew of issues, of which an increase in K-pop stars going on hiatus due to anxiety disorders stands out as an urgent issue.Some critics have called the K-pop industry inhumane, citing the indefinite training periods that aspiring singers undergo from young ages on top of agencies’ involvement in celebrities’ private lives.“There is no fault in the system. I take pride in (our artist management) system … we are possibly No. 1 worldwide. We think a lot about the education and character (of artists),” Lee Soo-man said, apparently on the defensive.He went on to add that celebrities in Korea often fall victim to online hate comments and cyberbullying.“Once again, before criticizing our system, the public, parents and teachers should tell (children) not to download illegal content. It would be appreciated if parents asked their children nicely not to write hateful comments online,” he said.Singer and actress Sulli, who was a member of S.M.’s five-piece girl group f(x), died in October in one of the highest-profile cases last year. A month later, her friend and fellow singer Goo Hara also died by suicide.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425@heraldcorp.com"It is a music scene that is great for 2020. Today is a very digital age. K-pop makes sure to make a moment out of everything, whether it's the release schedule, that usually comes in about two weeks of teasers, then the album and the music video, the title track and the singes that all come about at once," Benjamin said during a press meeting last week in Seoul.Korean pop culture will propel the nation’s economy, says the Korea Foundation. Blackpink and BTS are leading the Korean charge.The increasing concern over the novel coronavirus is leading the K-pop scene to scramble and take some hits when it comes to the live and television business — and doesn’t look likely to end anytime soon.

At press time, there have been 12 cases of coronavirus in South Korea with eight of the infected coming directly from Wuhan, the Chinese area considered the source of the virus, and the other four after coming in contact with someone infected. This has caused major concern for large gatherings that bring people together with events and concerts that would typically see dozens to thousands of fans being put on hold or canceled altogether.

In celebration of their newly released Timeless album, veteran boy band Super Junior cancelled two shows near Seoul that would have brought together hundred of fans together.

Meanwhile, boy band Pentagon was set to hold a special showcase specifically for fans for their upcoming Universe album on February 12, but their record label has announced that the showcase will move forward without a live audience and air via a livestream that night.

That’s not only event that’s moving forward without an audience. Public broadcast station MBC didn’t allow fans into the January 30 recording of their weekly K-pop chart program Music Core that usually involves a high level of fan interaction. Meanwhile, channel KBS2 will not include a live audience for the recording of their performance show Immortal Song on February 3.

BTS’ record label Big Hit Entertainment shared their their “Big Hit Corporate Briefing with the Community” event, where they shared financial and creative updates about their company, will no longer invite fans, press or partner companies to attend. Instead, the briefing will be a private event and recorded as a video to be uploaded on their social media channels.

Even more K-pop related events are being canceled or postponed overseas with some events spanning to March being put on hold.

A planned fan-signing event for veteran boy band Sech Skies in China for February was shared to be postponed until a later date. Girl group WJSN’s planned signing in Guangzhou, China for March 1 was also put on hold.

Meanwhile, BLACKPINK member Lisa was also scheduled to head to China to film the Chinese singing-competition show Idol Producer 2 at the top of February, but the plans have been canceled for now.

Further out from mainland China, male group GOT7 has postponed two of the dates on for their “Keep Spinning” world tour including their Bangkok shows scheduled for February 15 and 16, as well as one in Singapore for February 22. A February 23 fan-meeting event set to take place in Macau with Ren of boy band NU’EST has also been postponed.

Several major events in Japan, which has more than 15 cases of infection in the country, are also changing plans.

TWICE, the biggest K-pop girl group in Japan, said they will cancel the February 1 and February 2 fan-signing events at the massive Tokyo Dome City Prism Hall. The group also has arena and dome concerts scheduled February and March in Japan and Korea, though no update on those shows has been shared yet.

Fellow girl group MOMOLAND has postponed their plans to spend time in the lucrative Japan market as their March 19 and 21 fan meetings were canceled with their scheduled activities in the country postponed. Solo singer Nam Joo Hyuk also postponed a fan meeting in Japan that was set for February 8.

But among all these set backs, some domestic K-pop events are going forward as planned.

Both girl group Apink and singer-producer Bumzu will still hold their planned concerts on February 1 and 2. Meanwhile Kim Sunggyu of boy band INFINITE is currently going ahead with his concerts scheduled from February 7 through February 9, though shared that canceled tickets will be refunded with no charges.

In all three cases, promoters announced that thermal scanners will be installed to attempt and identify anyone with fever or virus-like symptoms. Hand sanitizers, masks and on-site medical attention will all be available as well with warnings made about those deemed ill to possibly be turned away from the events.Many K-pop fans from around the world learn Korean through K-pop, whether intentionally or not, from their repeated listening of the songs and countless replaying of the videos starring their favorite artists. What would it be like for K-pop singers to actually teach Korean?



“K-pop Culture Center,” a new tvN variety show scheduled to launch next month, will do just that -- K-pop artists teaching their fans Korean language and culture through K-pop. 









Each episode will feature a popular K-pop artist who will be a teacher for the day, coaching 10 foreign K-pop fans using the artist’s own song. Students of different nationalities will get a chance to learn Korean and the culture behind the music. The show will not be all lecture and writing: Guests will sing and dance and engage in conversations to deepen their understanding of the song. 



Singer and entertainer Kim Jong-min of group Koyote, entertainer Lee Sang-min and comedienne Jang Do-yeon will serve as emcees of the upcoming show.



In a recently released teaser videos of “K-pop Culture Center,” the emcees speak and sing along to the lyrics of some well-known K-pop songs -- including “Genuine” by Koyote, “The Angel Who Lost Wings” by group Roo’ra, and “Hapjeong Station Exit No.5” by Yoo San-seul, the rookie trot singer persona of Yoo Jae-suk. 



Each episode will be a unique episode as K-pop artists of various genres and backgrounds have been invited to create their own class, according to tvN.



The first episode of “K-pop Culture Center” will air at 8:10 p.m. on Feb. 10.







By Choi Ji-won (jwc@heraldcorp.com)Beyond the songs, glamor and idolization of K-pop, the genre is known for its highly choreographed and in sync dance routines. Despite the viral nature of its choreography, the K-pop industry continually ignores the choreographers behind the global craze.

No group better illustrates the reach of K-pop choreography than BTS. Similar to other K-pop groups, BTS’ videos boast massive numbers that extend beyond the official music videos (official MV). The Official MV usually comes accompanied by a separate “official choreography music video” or “performance video,” which includes the same scenes from the official music video but without any storyline or filler — just choreography. Individual songs also have videos of dance practices, which feature the same choreography in the official MV and the performance video but takes place in the dance studio while the team is still “learning” the moves. These videos are simple, using a still camera facing the group. These simplified “dance practices” are then flipped and “mirrored” by fans to make the routine easy to imitate and learn.

This small arsenal packs a big punch. Take BTS’ Fire, for example, choreographed by Keone Madrid. The official MV has 637.9 million views; Fire’s official dance practice has 47 million views; a single live performance has 68.6 million views; and the mirrored dance practice boasts 72 million views. In total, those four videos alone accumulate to over 826 million views on YouTube for a single song with only one choreography. The most shocking fact remains Fire is not BTS’ most-watched video with 637.9 million views — it’s the fourth.

Not all K-pop songs, however, are a global hit like Fire. In a way, these video format possibilities allow for more flexibility should one song not be worth a huge production. As a result, not every K-pop song has multiple videos. Some BTS songs have official MVs but no dance practice videos, such as Mic Drop. Other songs have dance practice videos but not an official MV. BTS’ Silver Spoon, for example, does not have an official MV, but the dance practice has 28 million views and — perhaps even more surprisingly — its mirrored dance practice has 130.5 million views.

Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month.

The numbers between dance practice and mirrored versions might indicate that while fans enjoy watching choreography, they enjoy learning it even more. Large groups of K-pop choreography enthusiasts will gather from Taiwan to the United States for “Random Play Dance Challenges,” where K-pop songs are played and any attendees with knowledge of the specific choreography join to perform. These vast gatherings are based on K-pop groups performing “Random play cuts” on Korean talk shows, where a song is played and the group members must assemble and dance the given choreography without prompting. On a smaller scale, groups will post “K-pop in public” videos featuring performances of K-pop choreography around the world, from Vietnam to Brussels to Australia. All of these videos receive millions of views, and solely focus on the performance of choreography.

K-pop groups have tapped into this powerful dancing fanbase by initiating dance challenges. BTS featured Nicki Minaj on a version of one of their most famous songs, Idol. Idol‘s Official MV received over 312 million views in just four months, and the Minaj version has over 90.9 million views with a promotion of the #IdolChallenge, the song’s social media dance challenge. Idol choreography is perfectly positioned to go global; it features the South African “Gwara gwara” alongside Bollywood-esque moves. This appeal to different cultures by reflecting familiar styles has had tremendous results. Alongside the thousands of #IdolChallenge tweets, there were multiple Twitter accounts dedicated to accumulating submissions and Vine-reminiscent compilations videos. Even more recently, BTS member J-Hope — known as the lead dancer of BTS who has helped with multiple choreographies — partnered with pop singer Becky G to produce Chicken Noodle Soup, a remake of the 2006 viral hit. The resulting Chicken Noodle Soup challenge led to an array of remakes and covers by famous choreographers.

Despite the viral and vital nature of their work, the choreographers behind K-pop are often given recognition disproportionate to the popularity of the routines they design. The South Korean music industry as a whole must improve its formal recognition of choreographers by awarding them for the work that has made Korean entertainment globally renowned. The absence of categories and awards dedicated to choreographer was evident throughout the slew of 2019 Korean music award ceremonies. While there are various dance-related awards, the awards typically focus on the performers of dance choreography and not the choreographers themselves. For example, the Mnet Asian Music Award for “Best Dance Performance” and SBS Music “Dance Award” have only been given to K-pop idols. Two award shows, Mnet and Gaon Music, do award for the respective categories “Best Choreographer of the Year” and “Style of the Year.” Korean Popular Culture and Arts Awards (대한민국 대중문화예술상), an awards ceremony hosted by the South Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, has more broadly commended choreographers for their contribution to culture, including K-pop’s Son Seong-deuk (BTS) and Lia Kim.

Beyond formal recognition at award ceremonies, K-pop labels must do more to highlight the choreographers behind their K-pop idols. Only recently have K-pop groups started to highlight the process of learning choreography alongside the choreographers themselves. Of the “Most Liked Dance Videos” category in the 2019 YouTube Rewind, K-pop group Mamamoo’s dance practice to the hit Gogobebe ranked as the 7th most liked dance video of 2019. The video, featuring Mina Myoung, a well-known choreographer out of 1MILLION Dance Studio in Seoul, received 34 million views compared to the Official MV’s 46.8 million. Mamamoo more recently collaborated with 1MILLION’s Minny Park and Lia Kim for HIP, posting a similar in-studio dance practice video, a video of the group learning the moves with Park, and a “plain clothes” version. K-pop group Red Velvet (레드벨벳) recently released Psycho and unexpectedly gained attention for its choreographer, Bailey Sok, a 15-year-old dancer out of Millenium Dance Complex in Los Angeles. Despite these small steps forward, most K-pop labels do not list choreographers in the description of music videos alongside credits for the crew behind the videos.

Names like Son, Myoung, Kim and Sok may be well-known within global dance circles, but they remain minimized in comparison to the idolization of the K-pop superstars they create. As currently stands, K-pop fans remain a critical actor in pressuring labels to more frequently and formally recognize the choreographers. The same viewers who watch, learn and perform K-pop choreography must be the same voices that demand a warranted change.Chinese celebrity Huang Zitao, a former member of K-pop boy band EXO, has angered BTS fans after he was mistaken for a BTS member in China. 

 On a Chinese entertainment show, the Chinese star from Qingdao, better known in Korea as Tao, approached in the street four women who claimed from France. He wanted to see if they recognized him as a former K-pop star and a singer and actor in China. 

 Their initial encounter was followed by his voluntary offer to the women to take a picture together.

 After the pictures were taken, the women asked him "BTS?" Tao, seemingly embarrassed, answered "I'm not BTS." One woman told him "You look like a member of BTS." 

 "Oh really? Thank you," he responded. "You know EXO? I was an EXO member before," Tao continued the dialogue, only to the women's apparently uncomfortable laughter. The two parties' brief meeting ended with the parties going their separate ways.

 Then the former SM Entertainment member started ranting at a camera crew filming the scene.

 "Edit this part out," Tao said. "They said I looked like a BTS member. I know EXO but don't know about BTS." 

 The embarrassed star, who walked out from EXO in 2015, kept saying, "BTS back then was less popular then EXO and now people say to me I am a BTS lookalike. Sorry, I have just become a BTS member by someone."



A YouTube and Twitter and other social network video clip of him with the women started spreading online on Jan. 8. But most of the clip's streaming sources became unavailable as of Sunday. 

 But the clip had already drawn online criticism against Tao. The critics condemned him for comparing his former band to the now world-class band BTS. He was also criticized for calling himself a former EXO member when he had voluntarily quit.

 One of three Chinese members of EXO ― who all left the band ― Tao, after leaving the band, had filed a suit against SM to prove that his contract no longer stood. His writ claimed SM "signed with me unfairly by wielding absolute authority over me and 10 years contract period was too long it had limited my freedom to choose professional and economic activities." 

 His suit was dismissed at a provincial court in 2017. The court had ruled that 10 years was not as long and intrusive to his private life as he claimed. The court decision had also ruled out the unfairness as the contract reportedly abided by the Fair Trade Commission standards of Korea.

 By 2018 his appeals were dismissed at appellate and supreme courts, ending the legal dispute.K-pop shows happening in the UK in 2020

BTS, SuperM, Seventeen & AB6IX come to the UK this year

The popularity of Korean pop – or in its bitty form, K-pop – has expanded far beyond the continent from whence it came in recent years. Phrases like 'taken the world by storm' and 'global phenomenon' aptly describe the genre's surge. Rappers like Kanye West, Missy Elliot and Snoop Dogg have collaborated on tracks with K-pop groups, confirming the genre has firmly cemented itself into Western culture.

The UK has hosted a number of K-pop shows of late, with more Korean stars coming every year. In 2019, supergroup BTS made their first UK appearance at Wembley Stadium, performing for 90,000 fans and in 2020 some will follow suit. Here's a list of all the K-pop tours and shows happening in the UK in 2020. Keep checking back as the more will be added throughout the year.

AB6IX members Lin Ying, Tian Xiong, Jin Dongxian, Park Youjun and Li Dahui released their hugely successful debut album 6IXENSE back in October 2019. The record topped the Korean Album Chart upon release and bagged the group eight accolades, including the Golden Disc Award for Next Generation Artists. Now the group is jet-setting across the globe to perform music from their debut album to adoring fans, including a February show in London.

indigo at The O2, London, Wed 26 Feb. Book AB6IX tickets.HYDERABAD : The hall erupts into applause as a hit number by the South Korean band - BTS starts playing in the background and a group of enthusiastic dancers sync with the fast paced beats. The K-pop Fandom Cover Contest finale saw a promising gathering at Ravindra Bharati even on a weekday.

This combined effort of the KFanzz Entertainment group and Honorary Consulate General Republic of Korea in Hyderabad is aimed at bringing together the young fans of Korean Pop entertainment on one platform, and share their love for music and culture from that country.

A couple of years ago, Korean pop and drama were not popular in the city, but the craze has now reached students across age groups. "I think it is because of the rise of BTS. I used to be a fan of Korean dramas but it was BTS that got me hooked to Korean Pop. Now I attend all events that happen across the city," says 18-year-old Reen, who is a finalist of the singing event.

"This event is organised to promote and encourage the rising interest in Korean entertainment in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. It is a cultural competition and it is the finale today. The finalists were selected on the basis of the entries they put up on social media. Our chief guest Suresh Chukkapalli, who is the Honorary Consul General of Korea in Hyderabad, will select the winners and award them exciting prizes," says Sameekshya Girri, the assistant secretary at the Honorary Consulate General of Korea in Hyderabad.

"The stunning visual direction and unique music composition were what got me hooked to KPOP. But three years ago, there was hardly anyone who was aware about this culture. It was then that my friend and I decided to start our own Korean entertainment organisation and it has been one hell of a ride ever since. It is great to see the exponential growth in the fandom, especially among the youngsters going to school and college," says KFanzz Entertainment founder Gokul Raj.

For the Korean fans who have missed out this event, there is much more to come. KFanzz Entertainment is keen on conducting more such cultural events with artistes from Korea. They will soon reveal the details on social media. It looks like it will be a glorious year of Korean entertainment for Hyderabadis.Seoul (CNN) Former K-pop idol Seungri has been indicted on charges including prostitution and habitual gambling, about a year since allegations first came to light in a sexual abuse scandal that has rocked South Korea's entertainment industry .

The former Big Bang singer was indicted without detention for allegedly organizing prostitutes, habitual gambling, and illegal foreign currency trade, a PR official from the Seoul Central Prosecutors' office confirmed to CNN Thursday. CNN has reached out to Seungri's lawyer for comment.

The 29-year-old -- whose real name is Lee Seung-hyun -- was one of K-pop's biggest stars before he dramatically quit the entertainment industry in March last year after it emerged that he was under investigation.

"I just cannot bear causing any further damage to people around me, while being hated and criticized by the public and being treated as a nation's enemy during the investigation," he wrote in an Instagram post at the time.

Seungri's indictment is the latest development in the so-called "Burning Sun scandal" over a nightclub in Seoul's glitzy Gangnam neighborhood. Seungri sat on the board of the club, and oversaw its publicity.

According to the Seoul Metropolitan Police, Burning Sun was the site of bribery, violence against customers, securing prostitutes for VIPs, rape, drug trafficking and drug use. Numerous women have come forward with claims of being assaulted or drugged at the club.

Since the allegations, Burning Sun has closed -- and a handful of stars have been affected by the scandal.

In November last year, two members of the chat group -- singer-songwriter Jung Joon-young and musician Choi Jong-hoon -- were convicted of conspiring in the sexual assault of a woman who was incapable of resisting, according to the Seoul Central District Court. Jung was also found guilty of filming women against their will and sharing the sexually explicit material to members of an online group chat. Jung was sentenced to six years in jail, while Choi was sentenced to five years.

People outside the entertainment industry have also been brought down by the Burning Sun scandal.

A former police officer was sentenced to one year in jail in August for accepting 20 million won ($17,300) to stop investigating allegations of a minor entering the club, according to South Korean news agency Yonhap.

According to Yonhap, Burning Sun's operator, Lee Mun-ho, was sentenced to one year in prison in November for illegal substance use, while another employee -- surnamed Cho -- was sentenced in December to four years and six months in prison for illegal substance possession and drug trafficking.

The scandal has prompted questions over how stars in South Korea's multibillion-dollar entertainment industry treat women -- and whether the industry is as squeaky-clean as the image it projects.

K-pop labels often restrict who stars can publicly date, what they wear, and how they behave in public. Celebrities caught with even small amounts of marijuana can find themselves suspended by labels or forced to make public apologies.

But the scandal also resonates with broader issues of illicit recordings, sexual harassment and voyeurism in South Korean society.

In 2018, tens of thousands of women took to the streets of Seoul and other cities to protest against the practice and demand action, under the slogan "My Life is Not Your Porn."K-pop is taking the U.S. by storm. Heartthrob boy band BTS is one of the top musical acts in America, racking up more than 1.2 billion audio streams in the U.S. in 2018, not far behind Taylor Swift. And last spring they also reportedly made more than $44 million from just six U.S. stadium concerts.

But the apparent suicides of two female K-pop stars in less than two months have revealed a darker side. First, in October, 25-year-old Choi Jin-ri, known as Sulli. Then, in November, her close friend, 28-year-old Goo Hara.

Together they amassed hundreds of millions of views on their music videos. But despite their international fame, both women were long-time targets of cyberbullying. 

 

In K-pop, perfection is a must — in discipline, performance and in looks. No one understands that better than K-pop artist Amber Liu, who says there is an expectation in the industry to be perfect.

"If you aren't under a certain weight, you can definitely get cut," Liu said. "You're told what to do, what to say, what to think."

Liu was Sulli's former bandmate and friend. She says she's seen the toll the cutthroat industry, combined with cyberbullying, can take.

"When [people] hear you're getting help they're like, 'What? Why are you getting help? That's weird.' And that stigma against mental health is just so strong," Liu said.

There's a nationwide mental health crisis in South Korea, where the subject is still taboo and there's limited resources for those seeking help. According to the World Health Organization, South Korea has one of the highest suicide rates of any country, nearly double the U.S.

Sulli, who died in October, was an outspoken mental health activist and feminist, an anomaly in the industry. 

 

Aging is yet another stress. K-pop stars already have a short shelf life — retirement age is 30 if not earlier.

 

And young rising idols, like Alexaundra Christine Schneiderman, who performs under the stage name Alexa, can add to that. 

 

"They're called idols, because they're put on this pedestal of kind of like untouchable perfection I guess in the public's eyes, in the consumers' eyes," Alexa said.

 

The 22-year-old Korean-American from Tulsa, Oklahoma, debuted her first single "Bomb" in October. It has 9.5 million YouTube views and rising.

 

"The music video took two days to film, 24 hours each day, almost," Alexa said. "With like six costume changes. Six or seven set changes. And whenever I'm performing, I always get this adrenaline rush."

In two days, CBS News followed Alexa's busy schedule, from hair and makeup to her late-night filming of a Christmas video for social media.

"I myself have struggled with self-confidence for years and finding the capability to love myself, but I have recently stumbled upon that," Alexa said.

South Korea society is slow to change, but there's hope. 

 

After Sulli's death in October, the Korea Entertainment Management Association announced its plans to try and stop cyber violence, saying it will "root out malicious commenters" online and seek to have them punished.

Liu thinks that's a good start. She says sometimes she thinks about why she's still in the business, but keeps going, for her friends who are now gone.

"I feel like the easiest thing that we can all do, everybody can do, is just try to be kind to one another," Liu said.K-pop stars are speaking out about how they are expected to be perfect as they lift the lid on the cutthroat industry in the wake of a string of suicides from high-profile stars.

The culture of K-pop is one of South Korea's most lucrative soft power exports and has drawn a massive audience of young people internationally.

But the suicide deaths of two popular female stars less than two months apart has drawn attention to the industry's darker side and the intense pressures that artists face.

K-pop star Sulli, whose given name is Choi Jin-ri, took her own life in October. Her friend and fellow star, Koo Hara, killed herself a month later. Both stars had been victims of severe bullying on social media.

In an interview with CBS This Morning, K-pop artist Amber Liu said there was an industry expectation to be perfect in looks, performance and discipline.

'If you aren't under a certain weight, you can definitely get cut,' Liu said.

'You're told what to do, what to say, what to think.'

Liu, who was Sulli's former bandmate, said she has witnessed firsthand the toll the industry, as well as cyberbullying, can have on its stars.

'When (people) hear you're getting help they're like, 'What? Why are you getting help? That's weird',' she said.

'That stigma against mental health is just so strong.'

K-pop stars, who are often referred to as 'idols', usually have an average retirement age of about 30.

In some extreme cases, stars can undergo training for 10 years before they can make their debut in the industry.

Alexaundra Christine Schneiderman, who goes by the stage name Alexa, said stars are often put up on a pedestal.

'They're called idols, because they're put on this pedestal of kind of like untouchable perfection I guess in the public's eyes, in the consumers' eyes,' she said.

'I myself have struggled with self-confidence for years and finding the capability to love myself, but I have recently stumbled upon that.'

As an example of the pressures stars can face, Alexa said that she filmed her debut music video over a grueling 48 hours.

'The music video took two days to film, 24 hours each day, almost,' Alexa said. 'With like six costume changes. Six or seven set changes.

'Whenever I'm performing, I always get this adrenaline rush.'

While the industry mostly projects a wholesome image on stage and screen, the recent suicides and a series of other scandals and public personal breakdowns, have shed light on the culture's darker side.

Police said Sulli, the 25-year-old found dead at her home in Seoul in October, had been suffering from severe depression in the lead up to killing herself.

Sulli had been a child actor before joining the girl group f(x) in 2009. She left the group in 2015 to return to acting before launching her solo artist career in June last year.

She had been vocal about cyber bullying and had sparked controversy in conservative South Korea in the weeks prior after she spoke out about not wearing a bar.

Her 28-year-old friend, Goo Hara, was found dead just a weeks later after taking her own life.

Hara, who debuted with five-member band Kara in 2008, had only just launched her comeback two weeks prior and had recently toured Japan to promote her new solo single.

The comeback came after a previous suicide attempt six months earlier. Following the initial suicide attempt, Hara apologized to fans for the 'commotion' and said it was difficult to fight depression.

She started speaking out about cyberbullying and pleaded with fans for more positive social media comments.

K-pop stars like Hara and Sulli are often picked up by agencies at a young age - usually in their early or mid-teens - and their lives then taken over by grueling training.

Many stars face tremendous pressure to look and behave perfectly in an industry powered by so-called 'fandoms' - groups of well-organised admirers who spend enormous amounts of time and money to help their favored stars climb up the charts and attack their perceived rivals.

In return, the stars are expected to tread carefully in an industry where today's most-fervent fans can be tomorrow's most vicious critics if their idols fail to meet their expectations - or 'betray' them.

Drug use or drunken driving are seen as career-breakers, while behavior that causes a 'stir' - anything from a social media gaffe to a failure to smile ceaselessly at public appearances - could be criticized for years.

Many are constantly chased by paparazzi and camera-touting fans who share or sell every single detail and images of the stars' daily lives online for public scrutiny.The new year is here, but while some of us are able to recover from the scars of the previous year, others aren't quite so lucky.

Within the short span of just two months, the last months of 2019 saw the untimely passing of two popular female K-pop stars, Sulli and Goo Hara.

Prior to their suicides, both had dealt with relentless bullying both online and offline: The former mainly due to her career choices and fashion preferences, the latter for her appearance and a controversial past relationship.

Sulli's former group-mate from the girl group f(x), Amber Liu, confessed to CBS This Morning in an interview uploaded on Thursday (Jan 2) that she was still processing her friend's death.

"Sulli was great," Amber reminisced, adding: "I miss her a lot right now."

She fondly recalled that Sulli was always a "ball of joy".

Back when they were still in the same unit, Amber recounted that she used to get bogged and beaten down by harsh comments. Sulli, on the other hand, always seemed to be able to quickly get over them after talking through it.

However, as the years passed, Amber witnessed firsthand how the toll of cyberbullying, coupled with expectations set upon K-pop entertainers by the industry, had on them.

Female idols, in particular, have it harder than their male counterparts.

The 27-year-old rattles off a mental checklist female idols have to measure up against, including and not limited to whether their legs were the right shape or if their hair were the right length.

"Okay, is your hair on point? Is your face on point? Is what you're wearing good?" she shared.

Amber herself is no exception. She recounted conversations between other female idols and how they always revolved around the topic of diets and weight loss, as well as her own struggles to fit the mould.

"My skin was too tan and I had to brighten my skin. I lost a lot of weight. I developed a lot of really bad eating disorders," she revealed.

Despite the fact that South Korea experiences one of the highest suicide rates at 29.6 suicide deaths per 100,000, according to the World Health Organisation, mental health is still considered a taboo topic in the country.

"When (people) hear you're getting help they're like, 'What? Why are you getting help? That's weird," Amber elaborates. "That stigma against mental health is just so strong."

Following the stars' deaths, the Korean Entertainment Management Association announced plans to curb cyber violence, root out malicious commenters and have them punished. Though Amber feels it's a great starting point, she believes that everyone could do their own part simply by being kind.

"The easiest thing that we all can do, everybody can do, is try to be kind to one another."MANILA -- The Philippines ranked fifth among the countries that were most engaged in talking about South Korean pop music on Twitter last year, according to the micro-blogging platform.

A report from Twitter showed that the Philippines was fifth among the “countries tweeting most about K-pop in 2019” after the United States at fourth place.

Thailand emerged as the country that “tweeted” most about K-pop, followed by the genre’s home South Korea. Indonesia, meanwhile, ranked third.

Completing the list were Brazil at rank six, Malaysia at seventh, Japan at eighth, Mexico at ninth, and Argentina at 10th.

For 2019, Twitter recorded a whopping 6.1 billion related tweets on K-pop, a 15% increase from 2018, the report added.

Yeon-Jeong Kim, head of Twitter's global K-pop partnerships, said the social network has served as a bridge between the K-pop industry and fans all over the world, which has enabled fans to get the latest news and drive conversation on the genre.

“Twitter will continuously drive various partnerships with top and emerging K-pop artists as well as global events like [the Mnet Asian Music Awards] and KCON to accelerate the rise of K-pop globally in 2020,” said Kim.

Boy band phenomenon BTS led the list of “most discussed K-pop accounts worldwide,” followed by EXO at second place.

Girl group Blackpink, meanwhile, topped the list of “fastest rising K-pop accounts worldwide.”

South Korean pop groups and television dramas have in recent years become widely popular across Asia, and, increasingly, beyond.The second morning at this year’s NY:LON Connect conference focused on ‘emerging international and influential markets’. Three territories in particular: South Korea, China, and Russia / Eastern Europe.

The track began with a keynote from Sun Lee, YouTube’s head of music content partnerships and subscriptions for Korea and Greater China. Lee was interviewed by Billboard K-Pop and Pop correspondent Tamar Herman.

“In 2018 it was the sixth largest market in the world, just five years ago it was tenth. You can imagine how quickly the Korean music market has grown,” said Lee, who added that thanks to K-Pop’s global popularity, exports are 37 times bigger than imports for South Korea’s music industry, with Japan and China the top markets in the former case.

Lee outlined some of the key platforms in Korea. YouTube, of course, but also the biggest audio-streaming services Melon and Genie Music, controlled respectively by internet giant Kakao and telco KT Corporation.

“They use it to acquire subscribers, and to maintain the subscribers within their services. Music is a really good driver for carriers and IT companies to grow their user bases in Korea,” said Lee.

She also talked about the development in 2018 when the Korean government raised streaming royalty rates, before explaining some of the key habits for Korean streamers.

“People really stream everywhere, on the subway, the train or the bus. That is the biggest distinguishing factor for Korean users,” she said – the reason being the fast, reliable mobile networks and data plans to match. “And Korea is a very chart-oriented country: people like to lean back and listen to what others are listening to.”

That means that charts – weekly, daily and even real-time rankings – have been the key discovery methods for many listeners. That’s a pattern that superfans have learned to make work to their idols’ advantage.

“Fans can easily push their artists to the top rank by streaming a lot, in the real-time chart,” she said. A band might release their album at midnight, to encourage their fans to stream it as heavily as possible to make it number one in the real-time chart, at a time of night where there may not be much competition.

However, Lee said that personalised recommendations, of the kind familiar on western streaming services, are now becoming a popular alternative to charts for music discovery in Korea, including on YouTube.

Lee predicted that K-Pop’s current global popularity, led by BTS and Blackpink, will only grow. Super-M and Super Junior are among the other acts building fanbases well outside Korea, and she sees more following.

“When I look at the top 25 most-watched videos on YouTube in 2018, 90% of views are from outside of Korea, so I strongly believe this kind of phenomenon will continue, and I also expect to see new names from K-Pop artists. Who will be the next BTS or Blackpink? I am so excited to see the new artists from Korea,” she said.

She praised the video-first strategies of the leading K-Pop artists, with backstage videos, dance-practice videos and other spin-offs besides the official music promos. And Lee said that new K-Pop bands from the start “look at the global audience as their target audience… they are globalising their processes”.

That can include ensuring band members have names that are easy for foreigners to pronounce, and including foreign languages in their (famously intense) training, to help on the promotional trail.

Lee also said that K-Pop bands are very savvy in their use of online video, with “very casual” livestreaming during tours one example. “Every night they come to their rooms and talk to their fans,” she said. “Their fans love it, because they feel like they are part of the artists’ daily lives. This is a big thing about the K-Pop fans. They appreciate that they are part of the journey of the band’s success, rather than just a spectator.”

Are there opportunities for international artists in the Korean market? “They are open to collaboration with international acts. I expect more and more collaboration opportunities will be coming. From YouTube’s side we are more than happy to be the bridge between the Korean artists and international artists… we hope to see more and more collaborations in the future.”

She added that K-Pop should not be underestimated in terms of its musical qualities either. “K-Pop is evolving. So far people only know they are good looking, good dancers. But I can say there are so many more genres from K-Pop artists,” she said. “I’m not sure if you have to define it as K-Pop, because if you say K-Pop you easily think about one perception about the songs and genres. We have much more genres which are evolving.”

The keynote was followed by a talk about China’s new music and tech landscape by Xiaoman Zou, co-founder of industry-services company Kanjian Music – disclosure, Kanjian is our partner for Music Ally China, which we launched last year.

She talked about some recent breakthrough artists in China, who fans flocked to not just for their music, but for their image. Her two examples illustrated the sheer scale of China’s music ecosystem.

Hua Chenyu released his new single on 4 December, and within 20 days it had earned the equivalent of $4.7m from 11m sales. A week later, Wang Yibo, an actor-turned-artist, released his new single and smashed even that record.

“He sold six million copies in just 20 minutes! That’s $2.6m in 20 minutes. Can you imagine that? It shows how crazy the kids are for a new song, and for a new idol of course. But things change very quickly back home. No song stays popular for a long time: maybe six months to one year.”

Xiaoman also talked about the dominant digital platform in China, messaging app WeChat.

“China basically lives inside WeChat now. We talk to the DSPs on WeChat, we fix problems for the releases on WeChat too. Of course we use email, but if you want to do business in China, you have to use WeChat,” she said.

Companies have to also consider the government. “No company in China is really disconnected from politics. Anyone who works with content must have all the licences,” she said.

One of Xiaoman’s slides set out the Chinese music market size: $49bn, although only 16.4% of that is digital music. Karaoke (27%), music education (22.8%), audio equipment (14.9%), music instruments (11.3%), live music (4.9%) and radio and TV music (2.2%) are also included.

She also reminded the NY:LON Connect audience that while they may know the biggest three players in the Chinese music streaming market, Tencent, NetEase and Alibaba, there are many more apps and services to which companies like Kanjian sub-license music to and get royalties from.

What does all this mean for international artists? Xiaoman talked about Finnish artist Janji, who signed directly to Kanjian for China, and who already has 130,000 followers on NetEase and 123,000 on QQ Music, compared to 41,000 on western service Spotify. He has released covers of some of his songs with Chinese lyrics, and is also collaborating with Chinese artists.

“There is indeed an opportunity for every artist who makes good music to make China a number one territory,” she said.

Making best use of China’s social media apps is key to that. “Promoting music and music artists is not easy, and although it may look even more difficult in China, it is possible. You just need to learn a bit more about China.”

The two individual sessions were followed by a panel exploring the music landscape in both countries. Columbia Records associate director of digital marketing Soy Kim; peermusic Korea GM Heesun Park; Gracenote SVP of music and auto Greg Gentschev; and Outdustry head of international Alex Taggart were the panelists, and journalist Cherie Hu the moderator.

Taggart hailed China’s development as a market capable of delivering revenues to artists and rightsholders, not just big listening numbers.

“We’ve seen a lot of improvement in the last three to five years in the rights space specifically, particularly on the masters side. Some serious conversations are happening, and some people are starting to make some good money,” he said, while predicting that it may take another couple of years for this growth to really ramp up.

“The karaoke and livestreaming market is actually misunderstood, it’s where a lot of the money is being generated, but how much of that is making its way back to rightsholders is a big question,” he added, while warning that the historic model of DSPs paying labels for exclusivity with upfront cheques rather than ongoing royalties still needs improvement.

“We’re still off the bottom of the scale in terms of per-play revenue shares. You see revenue shares that would be unthinkable in the rest of the world,” he said.

Park talked about the trends in Korea, including the way BTS’ success is fuelling healthy growth, including for collecting society takings. She also noted that Melon and Genie Music regularly invest in music labels and launch joint ventures, a role in the ecosystem that is controversial in some parts of the world, but increasingly part of the fabric in Korea.

Kim talked about marketing models for artists in Korea. “The role of celebrity and the brand is very huge. If you’re used to looking at product placements on your screen on TV in America, it’s probably someone you’ve never seen before… In Korea, a lot of those products have an artist that is attached to them,” she said.

“Everything that is advertised is really linked to a celebrity in a very different way to how we advertise in America,” she continued. But for emerging artists trying to get to that level, digital is the key. “Digital media and social channels are playing a major role… That’s how BTS really rose to the top, they were on social media 24/7, there was no barrier between them and their fans,” she said.

Kim talked about the fan power of BTS fans, who come together and push new tracks to the top of charts, and to ask Spotify and Apple for inclusion on certain playlists. “That’s unique to K-Pop bands, I’ve never received that from other fans, reaching out and pitching us on specific places they want to see their artists.”

Gentschev talked about the way curation is evolving in Korea, agreeing with the earlier suggestion that personalised recommendations, fuelled by better data on artists, music and fan habits, are becoming increasingly influential.

“Korea and China, a few years ago were a little bit behind the global trend on metadata curation for artists and enabling those types of features, but they’ve done a lot of heavy lifting on building those metadata sets,” he said. “They’re actually starting to take the lead on new ways of highlighting artists.”

The conversation ranged widely. Taggart explained how important influencer marketing is in China, compared to online ads.

“The influencer economy in China is so developed, way beyond what it is in the rest of the world. Influencers make a ton of money,” he said. “You have to approach them very very carefully, because they’re very powerful.”

K-Pop may be fuelling a music-exports boom for Korea, but China is a different kettle of fish. Taggart explained that the industry simply hasn’t seen it as a priority.

“There’s so much money for them to be made inside the Chinese market, that any moment spent thinking about outside the Chinese market, they’re losing money,” he said. “I think a lot of them could [break globally] if they took it really seriously, but there’s just such a huge opportunity cost. I think some of the new generation of artists are seeing themselves as a global artist from day one though.”

Gentschev agreed. “There’s been this long-term idea that music has been an export industry in Korea, and in China it’s been the opposite. In China I think it’s going to be about exporting the services, be it music services or social services, and the music going along with that,” he said. TikTok being the current example of a Chinese service (originally Douyin) that has become a global hit.

Taggart finished off by considering the potential for collaborations and breakthroughs, and warning that it shouldn’t just be seen as Chinese or Korean artists looking at well-developed western markets.

“I am really looking forward to the day when we’re talking about emerging artists from emerging markets breaking in other emerging markets. Nigerian artists breaking in India, Indian artists breaking in China,” he said.

The final session in the track moved westwards to focus on Russia and eastern Europe with panelists Jorge Brea, CEO of Symphonic; Anca Lupes, president, partner and CEO at Star Management; Konstantin Sidorkov, director of strategic communications at vKontakte; and Marek Włodarczyk, CEO of Independent Digital. The moderator was Helena Kosinski, VP global at Nielsen Music / MRC Data.

Sidorkov provided an update on vKontakte’s music growth since signing licensing deals. “We now have 2.5 million paid subscribers, which is similar to Apple Music in Russia, and also to Yandex [Music],” he said. “In general [all the Russian services] we have about eight to nine million paying subscribers now… We are very excited to work mostly with local artists.”

Włodarczyk offered some stats for Poland, which has been “switching from physical to digital rapidly” – he expects that by 2021 the market will be 60%-65% digital. Physical isn’t dying just yet though: “We’ve got a really, really strong community of hip-hop music, and hip-hop fans buying and supporting their artists, so that’s why physical is still a big amount.”

Włodarczyk said that there are more than two million people paying for a music subscription in Poland, with Spotify having 2.8 million users in the country – half paying and half on its free service.

In terms of overall listeners: “YouTube is the biggest service still, the second one is Spotify, and the third one, which is a little bit weird, is Tidal, because of a really big bundle with a mobile operator in Poland. We’ve got about 300,000 paid subscribers of Tidal.”

[In March 2016, Tidal said that it had three million subscribers globally. Even if it has maintained that number since then, that would mean that Poland accounts for 10% of its total. If it has lost subscribers, then Poland may have an even bigger share.]

“The Polish music business is growing up rapidly, and we’ve got a lot of potential still for the growth,” he added. “I presume it could be doubled in eight to ten years in Poland, the music business incomes.”

Lupes talked about Romania, which is the second biggest music market in eastern Europe after Poland. “It’s the country that bought you the ‘Numa Numa’ song!” she laughed, referring to the famous meme.

“YouTube is king in Romania, with an estimated eight million users, which is almost 40% of the country’s population,” she added. Spotify launched relatively late in Romania in 2018. “It’s estimated at 1.7 million subscribers overall, paid and free.”

Sidorkov talked about the intensely-local nature of the Russian streaming market. “Around 90% of the top 100 tracks, of the day or the month or the year, are local,” he said. Last year, Billie Eilish and Lil Nas X were the only international artists to make vKontakte’s top 30 tracks. Everyone else was Russian.

Brea said that there is potential for international artists to collaborate with artists from Russia and eastern Europe, however. “For us hip-hop is definitely the number one genre there in Russia. To know we have individuals who speak one language and work with US artists to create a record is an exciting thing,” he said.

Włodarczyk said that hip-hop has a burgeoning scene in Poland too. “The hip-hop scene in Poland is very much connected to the indie world, indie labels. Mainly the hip-hop artists don’t want to work with the major labels because they don’t feel independent enough,” he said. “We’ve got a few artists which are really amazing right now, singing in Polish language.”

Some of these artists also release tracks in English, which do well, even if they’re not as popular as the Polish-language ones with that domestic audience.

What would surprise the audience about what’s happening in these markets? Lupes cited the thriving live industry in Romania. “Romania is a country who loves international music, because in the communist era western or American music was prohibited in Romania. We’re catching up now!” There’s also a festival, Untold, in Romania that attracts 360,000 people.

Sidorkov said that some international artists play to their biggest audiences in Russia. “Imagine Dragons had their stadium show tow years ago with 65,000 people in Moscow, and it was the biggest show in their career. And it was the same situation with Hurts.” The latter play to 15,000 crowds in Russia, more than double their usual audience in the west.

He also talked about vKontakte’s own festival, which has been running for six years. It attracts 100,000 fans, with no alcohol or cigarettes allowed – matching the company’s online policies – with five music stages and an entirely-local lineup.

The panel finished up with advice to the NY:LON Connect audience about how to capitalise on the growth in these markets.

“It’s just education. Educating new artists or even established artists on how things are working outside their regions, and educating artists that are US-based on the opportunities to expand their base and revenues,” said Brea.

Lupes agreed. “We are trying to educate people: artists and managers and labels,” she said, citing the launch of a music-industry conference in Romania, which takes place in March. Mastering the Music Business.

Sidorkov hailed the opportunities when international artists don’t just release music and tour in Russia, but also use its social-media platforms – particularly vKontakte, which is essentially Russia’s Facebook.

“The best collaboration which we have is with bands like 30 Seconds to Mars, when bands start to run a page on VK, and just upload content on Russian language to the social network, start to communicate with fans,” he said. Muse, meanwhile, asked fans on the network to choose a song for them to play at a concert, and got hundreds of thousands of replies AND an increase in streams.

“Imagine if we have 97 million users every month and just 2.5 million paying subscribers [now], how interesting the next 10 years will be!” he said.Other artists, such as Infinite’s Kim Sung Kyu, have said they will take precautions at the venues of their upcoming South Korean concerts to ensure the health of audiences, including providing face masks and disinfectants.

Some K-pop events, like upcoming televised weekly K-pop music shows and several showcases for new releases, have announced that they will do without a live audience for the time being.

Big Hit Entertainment, home to BTS and TXT, also canceled plans to open their upcoming corporate briefing to a live audience, though a video of it will be shared on the company’s YouTube channel.

The “novel coronavirus” (nCoV) is a new virus that was first discovered in Wuhan province in China on Dec. 31. It can cause respiratory failure and be spread from person to person. As of Friday, there were more than 9,800 confirmed cases, nearly all in China, with 106 cases spread across 19 other countries, including in Europe and North America. There have been 213 deaths from the virus, according to the World Health Organization.

The Chinese government has quarantined some 50 million people in Wuhan and 15 other cities in China.

For the moment, only K-pop events in the first part of February have been affected, but it’s unclear how health concerns over the virus will impact some big future events, including promotions for BTS’ upcoming Feb. 21 release Map of the Soul: 7, and the debut performances from upcoming YG Entertainment boy band Treasure.

Feb. 9 update: K-pop acts continue to postpone and delay events. Seventeen's high profile Ode to You world tour has canceled all of its upcoming dates in February and March.The new year and a new decade has well and truly started, and while most of us are still bumbling around offices and classrooms with the glazed look of a person who hasn’t quite got back into the swing of things, the K-pop industry has taken off into 2020 at a sprint.

One of the most satisfying feelings you can have as a music fan is the thrill of discovering a new group to love. One that twangs your heartstrings and punches all the right sonic buttons. But given how frenetic and under wraps the South Korean music industry is, there’s every chance fans can be blindsided by the sudden appearance of a new group or even miss a debut completely. That or there’ll be an announcement of a group who is then delayed (and delayed and delayed). K-pop can be a little baffling in this respect, but sometimes that’s just part of the fun.

To help you map a course for 2020, we take a look at the rising and totally new K-pop artists you should probably keep an eye on this year.

1. Treasure

The 12-member boy group -- the result of the survival show YG Treasure Box, which aired between November 2018 and January 2019 -- were originally slated to debut mid-2019. As this never materialised, it’s been a very long wait for fans but members like Bang Yedam have been writing music or covering tracks to help keep the fans' flame alight. It was recently announced that new material would begin to be released this month, and individual images have already dropped. As YG Entertainment’s first boy band in four years (the last being iKON in 2015) and after a scandal-filled 2019, the stakes are high: will Treasure help put YG back on track as a K-pop heavyweight?

2. SM Entertainment’s new boy and girl groups

There has been plenty of speculation about these two new groups since last year although nothing, except their existence, has been confirmed. The boys are proving divisive as some parts of the NCT fandom feel SM will favour these newbies, pushing aside their not even four year old group, however, for the girls the time seems right given Red Velvet debuted way back in 2014. It’s safe to say that rumours and support around SM’s new girl group (SMNGG for short) are definitely gathering steam, and thus far fans think it’s a multinational lineup, with some of the members rumoured to be Lami, Jimin, Hina, NingNing, and Koeun. For now though, we’re simply playing the waiting game.

3. OnlyOneOf

With their religious iconography, the red neon flowing through their videos and heavy use of circles in their sets and artwork, you could perhaps call OnlyOneOf’s concept ‘biblical futurism’. The man behind it? Jaden Jeong, former creative director for girl group LOONA. The nine member boy group debuted in May 2019 with the seductive, breathy “savanna” and have three EPs of darkly beautiful harmonies, R&B grooves and future bass that have been far too overlooked. If 2020 has any chill, it will make sure this group picks up the traction they deserve.

4. Everglow

Everglow’s debut 2019 EP was entitled Arrival of Everglow, which was boldly apt considering the homegrown and international fanbase they’d quickly accrue off the back of two EPs and the punchy singles, “Bon Bon Chocolat” and “Adios”. The six members haven’t released anything since last summer and their fandom (known as Forever) must surely be chomping at the bit for their return to the spotlight. If the girls manage to top the extravaganza that was “Adios”, they’ll be having a solid 2020.

5. ITZY

ITZY had such a massive 2019 that you have to actively remind yourself that they only debuted last February and that their discography so far consists of five songs. Two singles -- “Dalla Dalla” and “Icy” -- have clocked up over 300 million views and the group came away from end-of-year award ceremonies with a dozen trophies. Now there’s a Paris-based reality show on the way and they’re taking their fun, feisty, hypercoloured concept to the USA in mid-January for five showcase dates. If JYP intends to see ITZY sit alongside Blackpink in terms of global stardom, then fans can probably expect another couple of singles this year and, hopefully, an EP. More, more, give us more!

6. Big Hit’s new boy group

Big Hit, home to TXT and BTS, have joined forces with media conglomerate CJ E&M to found a new company called Belif Lab, which will debut a boy group this year. They've set themselves a tight schedule considering the globally-held auditions only started last March but both companies have the manpower (and money) to put things into high gear, so we may indeed see a brand new group take to the stage in 2020. Meanwhile, TXT closed out their debut year with the excellent “Run Away”, which took their ‘growing pains’ narrative to interesting and darker places. Here’s hoping that we see this explored further before the inevitable turn towards something lighter.

7. RBW Girls/365 Practise

Despite what you see in the dance video, there’s actually six members in RBW’s upcoming girl group -- Jieun, Sujin, Yesol, Jieun, Goeun, Eunseong and Yuki. And like their labelmates, Mamamoo, the RBW Girls are packing a real punch when it comes to their vocals, which they’ve demonstrated through covers of Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish and Little Mix. There’s still no final name or even a debut date (although their YouTube channel has been running for nearly two years) but with nearly 2 million views on the “HIP” practice alone, there’s plenty of people ready to check them out when they do.

8. ONEUS

Sticking with the RBW label, their six member boy band, ONEUS, who just celebrated their first anniversary, are well worth keeping an eye on in 2020. They were something of a dark horse last year, quietly building a solid fanbase but certainly not pulling the higher level of attention and acclaim they deserve. But their three EPs, all with B-sides so good they could stand as follow-up singles (“Level Up”, “Bing Bing”, “Read Thread”), are worth repeated listens if rubbery bass, well utilised EDM influences and immaculate pop hooks are your thing.

9. HINAPIA

The anger from PRISTIN fans over their lack of promotions and eventual disbandment felt far more pronounced than the excitement for last November’s return of four of the members (Eunwoo, Yaebin, Minkyeung and Gyeongwon) as HINAPIA (plus newbie and maknae, Bada). Yet there was plenty to love on their debut single, “Drip”. Besides not straying too far from PRISTIN V’s “Get It” in terms of taking a more mature approach to their style, there’s a sense of rebellion here that comes from starting over with nothing to lose, expressed through the MV as the girls slowly free each other from symbolic prisons. HINAPIA’s agency might be small and K-pop expensive to produce, but when the five-piece return with single #2, fingers crossed it will be as territory-marking as “Drip”.

10. KOZ’s first boy group

This one is purely speculative but in October 2019, Zico (leader of Block B and now CEO of his own label, KOZ Entertainment) appeared on a radio show and stated, “Right now, it [KOZ] is centered around musicians because that's who I am, but that doesn't mean everyone at the label is a hip-hop artist. There could be an idol group or a boy band in the future." Given Zico will need to enlist for the military in 2020, the timing is just right to launch a new venture, get it on track and have the staff in place to manage them while he is serving. We’ll leave you with a reminder of Block B at their very best and to imagine what a new Zico-conceived boy group might be like. Our guess: loud.

11. Starship’s new boy group

Starship had one hell of a year in 2019 with MONSTA X’s Wonho leaving the group. The fallout is still rumbling on through the fandom and, on top of this, Starship’s reputation took another serious blow having been part of the bribery scandal around the survival show Produce X. However, in July 2019, the company announced they’d debut a new boy group in 2020. While there’s been no further information released, it’s speculated that their trainees knocked out of Produce X -- Jungmo, Hyunbin, and Wonjin -- are in the line-up. Given Produce X’s group, X1, is now prematurely disbanded, its two Starship members, Minhee and Hyeongjun, might also be involved.

12. ROCKET PUNCH

There’s stiff competition out there in the girl group world and Rocket Punch, who debuted last August, got a little lost in the melee. Their single “Bim Bam Bum” came out fighting with tropical influences and quirky structural moments off the bridge, but no follow up was released. Their label, Woollim, have a solid history of producing excellent idol groups (Infinite, Lovelyz, and Golden Child -- who you should also keep an eye on) so whatever they’ve got up their sleeves for Rocket Punch this year, there’ll be an audience waiting. They need to follow up that debut single soon though, or Rocket Punch may well stall before they’re even properly out of the gates.

13. MCND

MCND are a confusing prospect. Their debut single “Top Gang”, released at the end of December, feels more like a primer to the group; the video doesn’t match the song, and the styling doesn’t match the voices. Yet in the performance video (and in extra content such as the Play Music Ground series) it’s evident that there are there are quality dancers, decent vocalists and skilled rappers in the group. But, as it often is with K-pop, skill doesn’t equal success and TOP Media may need to go back to the drawing board to strengthen and align the sound and image before bringing out a second single. One to watch with curiosity.

14. Bvndit

Bvndit debuted in April 2019 with the well-executed but slightly flat “Hocus Pocus”, and closed out the year with “Dumb", which, while beautifully performed, looked to other groups (like MAMAMOO) rather than break their own ground. It's frustrating because, if their utterly gorgeous 90s-esque ballad “Fly” is anything to go by, the five-piece are far better than this. Bvndit have got strong, distinctive vocalists and eye-catching performers -- in 2020 it’s time to let these girls go hell for leather, take a few risks and completely own it.

15. 1TEAM

Five-piece 1TEAM had a busy debut year in 2019 with three EPs. Their first single “Vibe”, followed by “Rolling Rolling”, put them squarely into the space that Pentagon’s 2018 sing-songy, pastel-soaked “Shine” created. But in November they swerved into moodier territory with the hypnotic “Make This”, which comes across as a nod in the direction of NCT U’s brilliant “7th Sense”. While demonstrating that this young team can effectively mould themselves in a number of directions (and K-pop groups are no strangers to drastically switching concepts), establishing rookies is more effectively done with a linear path than a scattergun approach. Where will their fandom, Team One, see 1TEAM land next? And will it help solidify 2020 as a successful year?

16. BIBI

While not strictly what you’d call K-pop, Bibi and her raspy, quirky R&B is definitely on the radar for a great 2020. She was introduced to the public via The Fan -- a 2018 Korean TV show where musicians recommend artists for exposure -- and is signed to Feel Ghood Music, the label founded by Tiger JK, one of South Korea’s OG rappers. She debuted last May with “Binu”, following it up with EP “The Manual for those who want to love”, which featured rappers Changmo and Kim Seungmin, and its lead single “NABI” was both wonderfully suggestive and delightfully admonishing. BIBI may well be the next Heize, a singer with both indie pedigree and pop fame, and given her inclusion on JYP’s (the artist CEO of JYP Entertainment) single “Fever” in late November, that crossover might happen sooner rather than later.

17. BDC

Seongjun, Junghwan and Sihun were all part of survival show Produce X but didn’t make the final cut. Their label Brand New Music (home to AB6IX) wasted no time in putting the trio together under the name BDC (Boys Da Capo) and released a lukewarm album of the same name in November 2019. Lead track “Remember Me” was ironically, quite forgettable, despite solid performances by all three. But K-pop sub-units -- such as Orange Caramel, TTS, 3RACHA, and CBX -- have historically proven that a trio can be a real powerhouse, and a full-time trio is a true rarity, making BDC an exciting prospect should Brand New Music find something unique for them to get their teeth into.

18. Verivery

Verivery debuted in January 2019 but you could be forgiven for thinking they’ve been around much longer, quietly drifting at K-pop’s edges. Like their pre-debut single “Super Special”, their first two singles were basically new jack swing and failed to make an impact. They refreshed their sound for July’s bubbly “Tag Tag Tag” (accompanied by a video that inexplicably referenced the clap and hide scenes from The Conjuring) and last week they released the best single of their career thus far, “Lay Back”, to start their 2020 off with a bang.

19. (G)I-DLE

Let’s close out with two groups who both debuted in 2018 but have already grown so fast that 2020 is surely their year. First up is the six member girl group (G)I-dle (pronounced ‘idle’) with tracks primarily written by rapper/leader Soyeon and a sexy, no-bullshit image. After closing out a busy 2019 with a successful stint on the survival show, Queendom, the appearance spawned a last-minute and well received single “Lion”. Although girl groups generally have far less opportunity than their male counterparts to go on tour, whether they’re rookies or seasoned idols, you can probably place a safe bet on (G)I-dle undertaking a whistle-stop US tour (which, having seen them wow the crowd at KCON last summer, will be worth every penny) and releasing several new EPs before 2020 is done.

20. ATEEZ

ATEEZ have already made a huge splash internationally, and their South Korean fanbase are slowly catching on. The eight-member group are frighteningly prolific. They released four EPs and one full length album since October 2018, as well as selling out tours in the US, Europe and Australia, with an arena tour already confirmed for 2020. Known for cyclical lyrical and visual narratives, they’ve created a string of flamboyant and wildly ambitious singles. On the latest, “Answer”, the group find the closure they’re seeking in their debut storyline. Where they go with the next chapter of their career is one of the most exciting prospects for K-pop for 2020.Back in November 2019, it was reported that Rebel Wilson wrote and would star in a movie centered around K-pop called Seoul Girls. The reception of the movie announcement was mixed, with K-pop fans worried about how the industry would be reflected in the movie.

Deadline reported in November 2019 that Wilson wrote a script for Seoul Girls and that Lionsgate obtained the rights for the movie.

“Wilson also will take on a role in the pic, which follows a Korean American high school girl and her friends who enter a worldwide talent competition to be the opening act for the world’s biggest K-pop boy band. With help from an ex-member of a British girl group and a former K-pop trainee, the Seoul Girls find their voices on the world’s biggest stage,” read Deadline’s report.

According to Deadline, Wilson will also serve as a producer of the movie. While Wilson is known for her comedic work and roles in films like Pitch Perfect and Isn’t It Romantic, reactions to the movie seemed apprehensive.

“between the Julia Roberts as Harriet Tubman casting idea thing and Rebel Wilson writing and producing a kpop centered film, I’m done with white ppl in media for today and then some,” wrote a Twitter user.

K-pop fans worried how well-researched the movie would be

Given Hollywood’s treatment with race, ranging from stereotyping roles to completely ignoring people of color for award nominations, wariness about the project seems warranted.

There is also the issue of how K-pop will be depicted in the movie. In western media, K-pop is often misrepresented or not thoroughly researched. After the announcement of Seoul Girls, K-pop fans already picked up on one inaccuracy with the plot.

K-pop concerts don’t typically have opening acts. While this seems like a small inaccuracy, it is enough to worry fans that not enough research will be done to properly represent the industry.

“1) why don’t they audition to be a girl group 2) did no one tell Rebel Wilson that kpop concerts don’t have opening acts,” a fan tweeted.

“Did no one tell rebel Wilson that kpop concerts are solo and don’t have openers,” one fan wrote on Twitter

The script was revised by Young II Kim

While Wilson wrote the original script for Seoul Girls, the script Lionsgate picked up is actually a revision. According to Deadline, Young Il Kim revised Wilson’s script, and that is the version Lionsgate got the rights for.

The writer confirmed the report on Twitter and wrote, “Years of attending K-CON paid off!”

“Congrats! It’s sad that people are looking past the incredible nature of a Korean working on such a movie and only seeing a white person associated with this film! I think you deserve more media awareness,” a fan replied to Kim.

Despite Kim’s involvement with the film and Wilson assuring people the movie will have a diverse cast, some fans are still apprehensive about Seoul Girls.

“It’s cool that the Seoul Girls movie was revised by a Korean American person but the fact that Rebel Wilson wrote and will star in it doesn’t really inspire confidence in me that this movie will be good…,” a fan tweeted.Girl group Blackpink were top dog in 2019, playing the Coachella festival (above), but Twice, Itzy, and (G)-IDLE are looking to take their place this year. SuperM could be the next boy band supergroup, and next-gen groups are vying to be the new BTS.Due to heavy rain in London, the BTS bandmates chose to stay indoors for the 93rd episode of “Run BTS!” to safeguard their health ahead of the Wembley concert.Instead of exploring the city, they played their own version of Monopoly in two teams. They went wild when they heard that the winners would be rewarded with instant noodles.“You have to understand that we are at the end of our (international) tour, and we miss Korean food so much,” said J-Hope. RM muttered that he had almost reached his limit. Jungkook and Jimin clapped at the sight of kimchi, and V could not stop smiling at the news.Jungkook beat Jin after 30 seconds on the step counter, but was disheartened when he rolled the dice and came up with zero. RM was surprised when he got the nonsense quiz while Suga continued to fail at guessing capital cities.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/170908.Right after a press conference in Seoul, Kpop Herald reporter Hong Dam-young brought viewers along for a tour of the transcontinental art project that K-pop band BTS dreamed up.“‘Connect, BTS’ finally kicked off in Seoul and is happening right now here at DDP,” she said, referring to the Dongdaemun Design Plaza, before stepping back inside to look at the collaborative project that involved artists and curators from around the globe. The art exhibit was unveiled earlier this month at the Serpentine Gallery in London, then popped over to Berlin and Buenos Aires, and will come to New York early next month.Spotted at the entrance was Kang Yiyun, the only Korean artist included in the array of collaborators, talking to another reporter, explained Hong. The London-based media artist came up with a projection mapping installation titled “Beyond the Scene,” which Hong pointed out. It was inspired by the septet’s dance moves and borrows its title from a BTS slogan that the group coined in 2017.After viewers had some time to enjoy the media installation piece, Hong moved on to a work by Ann Veronica Janssens titled “Green, Yellow and Pink.”Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/172619.The five-piece act NU’EST resumed its late-night diner-themed live broadcast for the first time in 2020.The musicians began by reporting what they had done during the Lunar New Year’s holidays.Baekho went to his parents’ house on Jeju Island and all he did was eat.Hwang Minhyun had a feast of healthy food. “My sister came with her arms filled with food sent by our mother,” he said.Aron, on the other hand, had a hard time recalling what he had eaten and Ren said he’d had quite a lot of makgeolli, a traditional Korean alcoholic beverage, making the bandmates laugh.Then it was time to begin the cooking competition. JR took the role of host and the rest formed two teams as Aron, the best cook among them, reluctantly said he would trust his teammate Ren.They were given a range of ingredients and after a brief discussion, Aron and Ren decided to make “jeon,” or traditional Korean pancakes. Baekho and Hwang Minhyun chose “tteok mandu guk,” a rice cake and dumpling soup.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/172481.Kim Inseong of the nine-piece boy band SF9 took to V Live to chat with fans and told them in advance that his upcoming special appearance on a music chart program the next day would feature a Christmas carol.“I will do it with someone and the performance will be warm-spirited,” he said, acknowledging with a smirk that the timing was slightly off.He tried to continue the livestream on the rooftop of his company’s building, but came back inside as it was a little too loud.The idol sympathized with fans who felt the promotion period for “Good Guy,” the title track from the band’s first full-length album, was too short. The band will soon deliver its last performance to promote the track.He also discussed which hair color he should choose next, telling viewers he was torn between black and pink.“It would have been nice if I could have dyed it in pink for our activities,” said Kim, adding that he was slightly worried that his hair might not be able to withstand the multiple dyeing processes necessary to make it dark.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/172632.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=TWICE’s Japanese singer Momo and Super Junior singer Kim Heechul are reportedly dating. The K-pop idols had earlier denied dating and now the news it out. K-pop fans are rejoicing at the discovery as the couple received tonnes of support, nevermind the 13-year age gap between them.

As per Korean news portal Soompi, Momo and Heechul are officially in a relationship. The report did the rounds of the internet on Market News with sources confirming that the singers are seeing each other. Rumours of their relationship have been around since August 2019 back when Super Junior’s label JYP Entertainment denied the rumours. Fans are overjoyed that the pair got together and they are showing their support in ways ranging from excitement to offering to protect them aggressively. Momo and Heechul appeared on TV shows together. They met on Knowing Bros and Weekly Idol and even back then K-poppies couldn’t help but ship them both. Fans cannot stop talking about the first K-pop couple of 2020 and they are celebrating:

You should know that dating in the K-pop world isn’t all that simple with some entertainment companies including no-dating clauses in their contracts. Perhaps that’s why Twitterati are doing their best to normalise the idea of Korean pop artists dating. It cancels out the expected backlash. Dispatch has often outed couples before they could make their relationship status official in public and it has led to disastrous conclusions resulting in scandals.

SEE ALSO: TWICE Idol Jihyo And K-pop Star Kang Daniel Are Dating Since January. But, Are They Allowed To?

K-pop fans only just hot treated to BTS’ year-ender performance from New Year’s Eve at Times Square and now, they have the best news to kickstart the year with.

“The two of them are currently developing a beautiful love for each other despite their busy schedules. It’s been said that in the rough entertainment industry where many incidents occur, they are a great source of support for each other. Their relationship began as ‘close seniors and juniors’ but they are now a couple.” - Market NewsPrecise choreography, elaborate costumes: The seven-member Korean band BTS feels at home in music ranging from hip-hop to rock and pop ballads.

With "Connect, BTS" the wildly popular K-pop band now wants to spread their message of positivity even further. They are off to public installations in international cultural institutions including Berlin's Martin Gropius Bau, London's Serpentine Gallery and exhibition venues in Buenos Aires, New York, and Seoul.

Art and music come together because it "unites us in our differences and creates a common, positive message," says the BTS website, where fans also find videos of the band on several artworks.

"Connect, BTS" presents works by British sculptor Antony Gormley, Argentinian performance artist Tomas Saraceno, British lighting designer Ann Veronica Janssens, Danish installation artist Jakob Kudsk Steensen and Korean video artist Yiyun Kang, among others.

Read more: K-pop star Nayeon from TWICE receives police protection over German stalker

Gropius Bau director Stephanie Rosenthal is part of the international team of curators that developed the global art project. "Connect, BTS" brings together a series of 17 art performances, including experimental choreographies and sound installations, at the Berlin exhibition entitled "Rituals of Care" until February 2. They revolve around themes including healing, rituals and coming together. The artists include Jelili Atiku, boychild, Cevdet Erek, Marcelo Evelin and Maria Hassabi.

Since 2013, BTS, also known the Bangtan Boys, have won the hearts of a huge community of usually young fans. They have also received awards for their social commitment.

In 2019, Time magazine listed BTS among the 100 most influential people, Rolling Stone wrote about them conquering the West. The contemporary artists and art projects offer "diverse answers to the world in which we live," says "Connect, BTS" artistic director Daehyung Lee.

BTS is short for Bangtan Sonyeondan ("bulletproof scouts"). It was the first K-Pop group to make it to the top of the charts in the US and Britain. The hype has meanwhile spread to Germany. Two BTS concerts in Berlin's Mercedes-Benz Arena in 2018 were sold out in a few minutes.

Their song "Boy With Luv" with US singer Halsey was the first video to be viewed 100 million times in less than two days on YouTube.A new, 100% plant-based meat is entering the US market, and it’s unlike anything currently available to consumers. Unlimeat, by Korea based food manufacturing company Zikooin Company, is about to make its San Francisco debut amidst an ever-growing field of plant-based meat companies.

Unlike other plant-based meat, which is found mostly in the form of hamburger patties, Unlimeat comes in the form of thinly sliced fillets. Unlimeat offers much more than meat-realistic taste and texture, it also provides an environmentally-friendly product to conscientious consumers. Created from “ugly produce” that is often discarded, the company spent many years developing and cultivating a sustainable, alternative-meat product.

Recently the company has contracted with several American grocery retail stores, including Super Fresh and Wooltarie USA, which will start selling Unlimeat in 2020. Unlimeat will also be available in the San Francisco Bay Area through pop up shops and will be in stores soon thereafter.



Zikooin Company is kicking off the San Francisco launch January 19th at The Ferry Building with an invite-only soiree that will let attendees get first “bites” of Unlimeat in a variety of dishes from prominent San Francisco chefs including Chef Edwin Bayone III of Um.ma SF; Sarah Kim Lee, Berkeley Korean Food Curator, and Chef Charles Gall of Executive Chef Events. If you can’t wait to get your mouth on Unlimeat, contact Ellen Hong White at ellen@foodschool.us. to attend.

For more information, click here.K-Pop represents a new age of music, dance, and most importantly fashion, with each album coming with new concepts, visuals are integral to the genre’s appeal. From EXO to Blackpink, each outfit worn by idols has fans raving and imitating their favourite idol’s looks, with these idols and groups serving as major global fashion influencers.

BTS, the worldwide sensation, with the highest net worth among its South Korean counterparts, are known to set new standards for fashion. Members Jin, Suga, RM, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook are all known to have individualistic styles ranging from streetwear to luxury brands, although collectively they have their ARMY swooning. Jin is known for his effortless classic style in Givenchy, Suga for his minimalist looks from Fear of God and Mastermind, RM loves his Japanese comfy streetwear from Yamamoto, WTAPS,and NEIGHBOURHOOD, J-Hope is the ultimate hypebeast in KAWS, Supreme and Balenciaga , whereas V and Jimin always sport Chanel, Yves Saint Laurent and Gucci, lastly Jungkook’s favourites are from Carhartt.

Last year, BTS made fashion news with custom Dior tour stage outfits by Kim Jones which featured bomber jackets, cargo pants and shirts, also incorporating a variety of hats, bags, boots, and harnesses created in collaboration with Japanese illustrator Hajime Sorayama. Besides their tour outfits BTS has had many memorable fashion moments in their music videos, interviews, and red carpet looks in 2019.

Also read: Sara Ali Khan, Katrina Kaif, Alia Bhatt, Priyanka Chopra Jonas soak up the sun in style at their beachy vacations

Their Grammy debut in February 2019 had numerous questions about their red-carpet looks, where they were expected to turn up in customised garb by mainstream international designers. However, BTS changed the game and instead chose to represent their heritage and homeland showcasing custom Korean tuxedoes by two South Korean designers. JayBaek Couture delivered custom looks for V, Jungkook, Jin, Jimin, Suga, and RM, while J-Hope’s ensemble came from designer Kim Seo Ryong, whose namesake label has long been a fixture at Seoul Fashion Week.

BTS’ much-awaited comeback in April, with the album Map of the Soul: Persona had themes of baby pink, pastels and bright colours, the song Boy With Luv featuring Halsey had the guys sporting Valentino shirts and denim jackets, Saint Laurent t-shirts and a striped Alpaca-blend sweater from Isabel Marant Étoile with pastel hair to match the theme. The Love Yourself Speak Yourself World Tour also featured similar pastel pink-coloured, tailored suits.

In May, BTS paid homage to Beatles’ US debut at The Late Show with Stephen Colbert with ’60s inspired classic black suits and skinny black ties while singing on a replica of the iconic The Ed Sullivan Show set performing their hits, Boy with Luv and Make It Right.

For their performance at Saturday Night Live, BTS took to Virgil Abloh’s designs from his first menswear collection for Louis Vuitton. Suga and J-hope stood out the most with their pieces; J-Hope wore an electric blue cargo co-ord set paired with a safety orange “utility gilet” and Abloh-designed Off-White Nike Air Force 1s. Suga was dressed in a blue leather cut-away vest and a billowing oversized shirt with black pants. The rest of BTS was donned in similar graphic windbreakers and silk tops.

The custom Dior stage outfits did not only take the world by storm but also redefined how sponsorship is defined in Kpop. The designs were based on the utilitarian and futuristic sportswear silhouettes of Kim Jones’ Pre-Fall 2019 collection, BTS sported cargo pants, harnesses, bombers and saddle bags, while industrial chains and brooches by Dior’s Jewellery Director Yoon Ahn emphasised each look.

BTS ended the year with multiple award shows, sporting rock-and-roll inspired Celine creations by Hedi Slimane at the Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA) in Nagoya, Japan.

At the Variety’s Hitmakers Brunch, BTS suited up in Saint Laurent, one of the group’s favourite labels, with contemporary takes on creative director Anthony Vacarello rock ‘n’ roll suiting with subtle variations.

Besides luxury brands and accessories, BTS has been normalising make-up for men throughout their careers, even sponsoring a Korean beauty brand VT (BTSxVT). With their rumoured comeback for February, we hope to see them setting even higher standards for fashion and visuals in the future.

Follow more stories on Facebook and TwitterChan: Drawing! I’m interested in any kind of drawing — I get inspired by the cities we visit and draw about that. (Note: These are a few of his illustrations above!)

Donghun: Reforming. It could be clothing, it could be a drawing — I like taking something and putting in my input and then making something new.

Kim Byeongkwan: Social media! I’m very interactive with our fans by social media so that’s what I’m doing right now.

Jun: I’ve started to produce music again, so I’m making songs. It was something that I did before, but because of our tight schedule I couldn’t do it. I’m getting back into it!

Kim Byeongkwan: I’m a bit tired because I can’t sleep [when Jun's producing songs]! Last night Jun was singing for three hours!

Wow: Writing and drawing. A mixture of both concepts.CLICK HERE if you are having trouble viewing these photos on a mobile device.

BTS is, without a doubt, the biggest K-pop act in the world.

But it might not be the best.

That title may well belong to Seventeen, the increasingly popular South Korean act that made a convincing claim to the throne with its performance at the SAP Center in San Jose on Tuesday, Jan. 21.

The show was a total blast, filled with at least as many good songs, slick dance moves and fun moments as you’ll witness at a BTS gig.

Plus, Seventeen is more versatile, and features stronger vocal work, than what you get from their better-known K-pop counterparts — who just announced a massive two-night stand, April 25-26, at Levi’s Stadium in Santa Clara.

Each band, of course, is distinct. And the main value of comparing them is to provide a point of reference, given that the only K-pop band that the general public is really familiar with — at least in the U.S. — is BTS.

But that could change. Seventeen could well be the next K-pop band to break through in a major way. Indeed, it feels like it’s already happening.

Seventeen-mania was in full effect in San Jose, with hundreds of fans — who the band members lovingly refer to as “Carats,” as in carats of a diamond — could be seen lining up outside of SAP Center some 12 hours before show time.

Once inside, many of these fans waved special Seventeen-approved light sticks — which, I kid you not, are called “carat bongs” — and waited impatiently for their heroes to take the stage.

“Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.”

One female fan sitting directly behind me kept repeating.

Then the band took the stage and the party rocketed to an even higher level, as the 11 members rolled out big versions of “Getting Closer,” “Rock” and “Clap.”

It was fun to watch and hear all 11 players at work, as they moved through synchronized dance steps and melded their vocals in intriguing ways. They powered through the songs like a super-sized boy band, roughly twice the size of most such acts.

Yet, this was actually a stripped-down version of the band. There are actually 13 members in the troupe, but two of them didn’t make it to the stage. Jun was in San Jose, but not feeling well enough to perform, according to the band. And S.Coups has been out of the fold for a while, having reportedly taken some time off from the band to recover from anxiety-related health issues.

Even down two members, the group sounded strong as it worked two stages, connected by a catwalk that ran halfway across the arena floor, and sweetly crooned such ballads as “Smile Flower” and handled uptempo cuts like “Trauma.”

The singers also showed plenty of personality, especially during a few lengthy breaks — which are referred to in the Seventeen world as “ments” — when they made various comments to the crowd (often with the assistance of a translator).

Each singer would get the chance to introduce himself onstage, while eliciting screams of delight from the crowd. The8 was a definite fan favorite and drew the biggest response on this night. But every member had his own rooting section.

The overall group is broken down into three units — the hip-hop unit, the vocal unit and the performance unit — each of which got its own individual spotlight in this show. Yet, the best moments occurred when the 11 members reunited onstage to perform a big cut like “Just Do It.”

All signs point for 2020 being a really big year for K-pop in the United States and beyond. And this concert underscored why Seventeen should play a huge part in the genre’s success for years to come.After a decade in which K-pop achieved unprecedented global success, 2020 has begun with a bunch of newcomers, all looking to make an impact around the world. From rising acts on the cusp of greatness to rookies about to make their debut, these seven new acts are likely to make a lot of noise this year.

The boy band whose name will be on everyone's lips in 2020 is likely to be Ateez. As an underdog outfit signed by the relatively small agency KQ Entertainment, the eight-member act can't rely on help from senior groups or affiliated artists to gain exposure. Instead, they are receiving recognition for their explosive performances and a hard hip-hop/electronic sound heard on stand-out tracks such as like Say My Name and Wonderland.

Less than a year after they came together, Ateez sold out concerts on otheir first North American, European and Australian tours in 2019, and will return overseas for arena and stadium shows this year. With three Korean releases, as well as a Japanese album, all out in 2019, Ateez have been on a mission to quickly serve their growing fan base, and they're looking to make 2020 theirs by dropping the highly anticipated single Answer in the first week of the year.

If Ateez are the new boy band primed for global success, (G) I-DLE are the female equivalent. After securing both management and PR with an eye on overseas markets, the sextet seem ready to take things to the next level. Having made their debut in spring 2018, (G) I-DLE quickly stand out for being a rare female group who are the main producers and writers of their songs.

The most notable contributions come from leader Soyeon, who has had a hand in almost every (G) I-DLE track. The group ended the year with Lion, a savage and regal pop single on which they sang about their mission to break barriers and stereotypes. It's a powerful message that should appeal to young people looking to find their place in the world.

While South Korea's sensational singing competition show Produce 101 found itself in hot water over a vote-rigging scandal in 2019, another programme stood out for the unique way it puts together an A-list music group. World Klass brought together more than 20 K-pop hopefuls who hadn't signed with a record agencies, and released weekly rankings based not only on fan votes but expert evaluations.

Entertainment executives and experts from America and Korea, legends in the fields of songwriting, producing and choreography, as well as fellow idols, were brought in throughout the show to evaluate the contestants. Their votes resulted in the eventual 10-member line-up for boy band Too. Fans have been watching the guys hone their skills for months on World Klass and on social media, and their debut is expected to reveal a more refined side to them than they showed on TV. Just check out their cover of Billie Eilish's Bad Guy, with revamped verses and added rap.

The year is looking likely to be dominated by new girl groups, and Everglow are another must-see act. The group's six members have earned comparisons to Blackpink for their fierce attitudes and powerful sound. Everglow's debut single, Bon Bon Chocolat, became an unexpected hit internationally, with a strong Billboard chart performance, and the music video received more than 50 million views.

The follow-up, Adios, fared even better, with more than 85 million views by the end of 2019. If Everglow can maintain the momentum, they could easily become significant players in the top ranks of K-pop.

Formed by gigantic K-pop company YG Entertainment, Treasure's expected 2019 debut was delayed after the firm became embroiled in sex, drug and gambling controversies. This year should be a better one not for only YG, but also for Treasure.

The company has announced the group is taking more creative ownership of their music, and has abandoned a confusing plan to split the band into two groups that would also occasionally appear as a full team.

With the release of their debut single Dalla Dalla, Itzy won the hearts of K-pop fans and found themselves with one of the biggest songs of 2019. Now they're ready to show their potential for world domination. After visiting countries around Asia last year, the girls start 2020 holding fan meetings in America, which will give an indication of their potential for international success.

So far, their strong attitudes and quirky musical style have connected with fans, and all that's left is making a solid impression by showing more of their personalities through new media opportunities.

While we don't know much about them at this stage, SM Entertainment's upcoming girl group are definitely ones to watch. SM manages groups such as Girls' Generation, f (x) and Red Velvet, meaning this new group will have some big shoes to fill. While little is known about the group, some female singers have been introduced via the company's "SM Rookies" programme. The above video shows some of the potential members joining in a performance that also features a young Mark and Haechan, who later made their debut with NCT 127.(CNN) On a brightly lit stage, two male K-pop stars with glowing skin and perfectly coiffed hair are nibbling either end of the same long, chocolate stick.

As the stick gets smaller and smaller, they get closer and closer -- and eventually a fellow K-pop idol pulls them into a kiss

In South Korea's glitzy, highly manufactured music industry, these kinds of scenes are not uncommon. As long as it's only for show, that is.

Homophobia is still rife in South Korea, where very few mainstream music stars have come out as gay. The country has no comprehensive anti-discrimination laws to protect LGBTQ South Koreans, and compared to nearby democracies like Japan and Taiwan,the country is less accepting of same-sex couples.

Taiwan has introduced same-sex marriage -- and although Japan hasn't done the same, some cities issue same-sex partnership certificates, though they're not legally binding.

Despite all that, same-sex K-pop idols regularly play-act romance. On stage, they dance intimately with one another or gaze into each other's eyes. In video clips, it's not uncommon to see them playing games that result in them grazing lips, then dramatically recoiling to show that it was all just play.

That apparent contradiction is no accident.

Although major labels are afraid to let stars be open about their sexuality for fear that they will hurt their career, they allow -- and sometimes encourage -- stars to touch each other in public.

"It's kind of sad," said Jungmin Kwon, an academic who wrote a book called "Straight Korean Female Fans and Their Gay Fantasies."

"On the one hand it looks like the industry is very open minded to shipping culture," she told CNN, referring to the culture among fans of imagining relationships between their favorite stars -- including gay relationships. "On the other hand, they're not that much ... If you come out, your fans will be so infuriated."

To understand what's going on, you need to go back to the 1990s.

For decades, South Korea had been under military rule. It wasn't until 1993 that the country's first elected civilian president took office, ushering in a new era of economic growth, technological development, and a blossoming entertainment sector -- including the first K-pop idols.

Teenagers were hungry to consume everything about their favorite stars. But it was a time before social media, and stars didn't share as much about their lives as they do now.

So fans got creative. According to Kwon, fans were inspired by "yaoi" -- a kind of Japanese manga that features gay relationships between male couples -- and began making up stories about their favorite stars. But rather than drawing pictures, as was done in Japanese yaoi culture, they wrote stories so they could easily be uploaded and shared using dial-up internet.

The stories often featured romance between same-sex stars. Kwon said there are several reasons that was the case. Fans often didn't think they were worthy of their idols themselves, so they matched them with stars from the same band -- and most bands were exclusively girl or boy groups. Same sex relationships were often seen as taboo, which made them more "intriguing," said Kwon.

"It was easier to find stuff with the members together (compared) with people of the opposite sex," said 22-year-old Amber Chuah, who was into fanfiction when she was younger. "It's world-building without the extra step of having to create the specific character and their traits."

As internet downloads ate into record sales in the 2000s, South Korea's record labels realized they couldn't just focus on the music -- they needed to package stars in a way that would appeal to fans.

With much of the fanfiction about same-sex romance, one of the country's largest entertainment company, SM Entertainment, began encouraging its stars to take part in "skinship" -- or touching a fellow band member, according to Kwon. It was a different approach from the West, where bands like One Direction have strenuously denied fan theories of in-band romance.

Even now, K-pop labels sometimes cultivate idols' homoerotic appeal in the hopes that it makes them more popular in fanfiction, where Kwon estimates 80% of stories involve gay story lines. That, in turn, can increase their profile -- and translate into economic benefits.

"K-pop idols know that it comes with the territory, and the more fans are involved in many, many different ways in the fandom, the better it is for them as performers and as celebrities," said Michelle Cho, a professor of East Asian Studies at the University of Toronto.

South Korea's record labels are happy to let fans fantasize about idols being gay. But they don't want gay idols be open about their sexuality.

That was something 23-year-old star Holland found out firsthand.

Holland -- whose real name is Go Tae-seob -- went through rigorous training with one of the labels (he declined to say which one). But when it came time to debut, the label was against him debuting as a gay idol.

"They said it would be bad for my image," Holland told CNN. To Holland, that was a deal-breaker. He had been badly bullied in middle school, and it was important to him to be open about his sexuality. So he quit the label and debuted as an independent artist.

"I wanted to prove that I am worthy of love, and that I'm worthy of achieving and being accomplished," he said. "I felt that was the only way I could love myself."

K-pop stars are often subject to strict rules -- many are not allowed to date publicly, as labels worry that any relationships make stars lose their mystique among fans. For the major labels, public same-sex relationships appear to be out of the question.

Against that backdrop, Holland was a major break with tradition.

When he debuted in 2018, he attracted a lot of positive attention overseas. But back home in South Korea, the reaction was muted -- or even negative.

Nevertheless, Holland remained determined to make a statement. While filming the music video for his first single "Neverland," the director told him that there would be a 19+ rating in South Korea if the clip showed any same-sex affection.

So Holland decided to include a scene where he kisses a man to prompt audiences to consider why a same-sex kiss deserved an explicit rating when a kiss between a man and a woman wouldn't.

He finds it sad when shows make stars kiss each other. "They make it into funny content to embarrass them," Holland said. "It's a shame that's the limit they can go when it comes to showing homosexual interaction -- it can only be portrayed as funny."

In South Korea, Holland's decision to come out is unusual. To many celebrities, the case of television personality Hong Seok-cheon still looms large.

Timothy Rich, an associate professor at the Political Science Department of Western Kentucky University, said that any company or celebrity would be worried about the potential backlash and financial risk if a star came out.

"In the current climate, I suspect there would be considerable conservative backlash to any star that came out, possibly resulting in boycotts," he told CNN.

But there are reasons to think things could change.

As K-pop's international reach grows, K-pop itself is changing. In South Korea, interaction between stars is seen through a different lens -- fans see it as fantasy, and there's also more of a culture of male friends touching each other, in part because of how heteronormative the culture is.

But internationally, K-pop fans see close interactions between stars as evidence of genuine relationships, and are often keen to have these confirmed so that they have stars that represent them.

A star like Holland wouldn't have been able to exist at all if it weren't for the globalization of K-pop, said Cho, from the University of Toronto.

Holland thinks things are changing: more artists appear to be indicating that they are allies of the gay community.

Last year, K-pop singer Sunmi made headlines when she told concertgoers that she was an "LGBT queen," although she later clarified that she only meant she supported the community -- not that she identified as LGBT herself.

The same-sex themes in fanfiction could help change people's perspective, said Cho. Holland agreed: "It's a start for them to naturally accept different sexualities."

But ultimately, experts believe a time when gay stars are accepted in mainstream K-pop could still be some way off.

"Idol culture is pretty conservative," Cho said. "It's quite difficult for performers unless they reach celebrity status with the autonomy that brings ... For anyone else to rock the boat is pretty difficult."Two popular K-Pop artists, Sulli and Goo Hara, committed suicide last year, with many attributing their deaths to the online abuse they had received over the years. But even as those shocking deaths sparked soul-searching in South Korea, the vitriol and hateful comments against many stars have not stopped. Before her death in October, Sulli became an outspoken pop star after her departure from her label SM Entertainment and her group F(x). She spoke frankly about her country’s abortion laws, feminism and her relationships, and was often spotted out and about without a bra — not the way K-Pop artists were expected to behave.

She released a song ‘Goblin’ in early 2019, which talked about mental illness. Then, after she appeared in the drama ‘Real’, where she played the role of a drug abuser, many branded her a drug addict.

Sulli, whose real name was Choi Jin-ri, was found dead at her home near Seoul by her manager who then alerted the police. “Choi seemed to have lived alone in the house. It seems that she took her own life,” a police official said at the time.

In 2017, JinE, a member of Oh My Girl, left the group following a long period of struggle with her health. Some fans assumed it was due to her struggles with anorexia, brought on by the demands of her job.

The topic of mental illness has become more open with many idols admitting to their problems and taking time to take a break and heal. Stars such as Jooheon from Monsta X and Han from Stray Kids, have gone on hiatus to deal with stress and anxiety issues.

Sulli’s death prompted major South Korean portal Daum to temporarily close its comments sections on entertainment news last year. Meanwhile, calls have intensified for government action against negative comments on websites where some users comment anonymously. For now though, in many other forums, the bullying continues unabated.

Bang Chan is the leader of the boy group Stray Kids, which debuted as a nine-member band in 2018. Last year, Bang was accused of racism when he was spotted with braids during a performance, and was accused of appropriating black culture. But the comments on the V Live streaming website took things beyond the pale: While some sent him death threats, one person commented that it would have been better if Sulli had lived and Chan died.

Jennie, a member of Blackpink who debuted in 2016, has continued to receive hate for a number of reasons. While some ‘fans’ accuse her of being a favourite of her company and therefore receives special treatment, some say she got her solo debut too soon.

“Hi blackpink How are you? I hate you Jennie beacouse you are very ugly and jiso rose lisa is my favourite not you jennie and plss leave you blackpink sorry for say,” said another.

Jimin, the leader of popular girl group AOA who debuted in 2012, recently received a lot of backlash for a photo she uploaded of herself in a bikini. Commenters where quick to discuss her body size and age.

“Maybe it’s cause she’s a skeleton but I feel nothing from looking at her… Her body’s hard to look at that it’s not even worth getting judged,” one person commented.I have been in the South Korean music industry since I was 16 years old. It was not my lifelong dream to be a musician, but I found so much joy in making music. I did not acclimate well to high school and always had a vision that I would do something big and non-traditional with my life, so I dropped out.

One is a rapper, singer-songwriter, and actor. He is now an independent artist but previously trained under YG Entertainment, one of the biggest entertainment companies in South Korea. He has also appeared in dramas including A Korean Odyssey , Room No. 9 , and Her Private Life .

At the time, I really liked the music that was coming out of YG Entertainment, so I sent demos but never got a response. Eventually, when I had forgotten that I even sent the demos, a team of former YG producers who created their own label reached out and offered to sign me.

That was my first experience as a K-pop trainee. Hip-hop was not big in Korea at that time and the industry was full of idol groups like Super Junior. That was never a route I wanted to take; singing and dancing like them just did not come naturally to me. But at the time, it seemed like my only option, so I entered the rigorous K-pop system.

I debuted as part of the duo 1Punch and quickly realised that an idol group was not for me. We didn’t do as well as the label hoped, so they shelved us. I wanted to take control of my own destiny, so I made several requests to my company to join the rap TV competition Show Me the Money. That was my big break. I was lucky enough that I did relatively well on the show and once I appeared, I received a ton of offers from different labels and thought that if I were to sign with one again, I might as well go as big as I can and choose YG.

There, I went through even more rigorous training and again was forced to fit into a certain mould, that wasn’t truly me. This manifested in a lot of ways, from having me create songs that were not true to my style, to changing my fashion style to something that felt unnatural. It was like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. What bothered me most was having to make decisions that contradicted my own identity to appease management. I felt like these choices were making me go against who I really was.

K-pop idol groups bring a lot of happiness to so many people but producing all artists to fit under this umbrella is not right. I want to see more diversity in our industry that has spent so much time erasing people's identities and putting them in a uniformed glossy package to fit what they think the masses want to consume.

I’ve seen a lot of talented musicians go through the same thing and I feel very sorry, sad, and disappointed for them. Like me, many of them thought that going through the idol group system was the only way to pursue their passion.

I find myself disappointed in the system because there are so many people who do not fit the “dancing-singing idol” genre of K-pop but are forced into that mould. After inducting artists into this system, labels blow them up as big as they can for more revenue, popularity, and fame, further perpetuating that this is the only method for success, instead of just allowing them to be the artist that they want to be.K-pop, the common moniker for pop music based in South Korea, is a global phenomenon famous for its addictive melodies performed by synchronized dance groups in a variety of genres spanning pop, R&B, hip-hop, rock, and more.

However, K-pop is more than simply a type of music: it is a complex combination of expert choreography, aesthetic music videos, and attractive Asian pop stars smothered in makeup and decked out in the latest cutting-edge fashion.

The industry of K-pop was christened by TIME Magazine as “South Korea’s Greatest Export.” However, although K-pop is a package of glitter and profit, underneath its shiny facade lurks a frightening, oppressive industry plagued with mental illness.

Perhaps the most famous band in K-pop these days is a boy group titled BTS, the only K-pop act to crack the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 other than famous soloist Psy and his 2012 viral song “Gangnam Style.” What the mass media does not know, however, is that BTS’s rise to fame is an anomaly in the world of K-pop.

Every group is groomed to perfection by a South Korean entertainment agency. The more renowned the agency, the more famous the group — except in the case of BTS. In 2013, BTS launched their career under a small, obscure company where they struggled to gain popularity in the musical field until their careers finally took off with their hit single “I Need U” in 2015.

BTS’s breakthrough in the international music industry is an abnormality, especially since they debuted as underdogs in the great face of K-pop. To truly understand the career behavior of a typical K-pop group, and, furthermore, to illustrate the hidden nature of the K-pop industry, we must focus not on the phenomenon of BTS but on an archetypal star’s experiences in the field.

For the most part, having a romantic relationship is off-limits. It is not that the stars are forbidden from dating entirely, but that fan backlash and media’s suffocating spotlight could very well prevent an artist from enjoying their love life.

“Dispatch,” a Korean tabloid, deploys paparazzi to secretly follow celebrities around and hunt down any scandalous relationships the celebrity might have.

If “Dispatch” successfully photographs sufficient evidence to prove a relationship between any two given celebrities, the agencies of the couple have two choices: they can either pay “Dispatch” to withhold the information from the public, or they can pay to allow “Dispatch” to release the news of the relationship. After all, the publicity that comes from “Dispatch” can be a valuable asset for many K-pop stars who hope to build their fame.

However, there is a horrific and destructive downside to this publicity: should K-pop stars violate the unspoken no-dating restriction, they risk being publicly defamed, typically by their own fan base. This is because the celebrities have incredibly dedicated fan bases, who, in return for the fans’ extensive investments of money and time, expect K-pop stars to reciprocate a certain level of devotion, including refraining from romance since it seemingly detracts from the star’s appreciation for their fans.

In January 2020, Chen, a member of SM Entertainment’s popular boy group Exo, announced his engagement, and in return, netizens bashed him online and called for his removal from the group.

On the same tangent, HyunA, decreed by Billboard as one of the K-pop scene’s most prominent female artists, was ousted from her label Cube Entertainment because she and fellow K-pop star, E’Dawn, publicly revealed they were dating without first confirming permission from their company to make the announcement. This shows how little freedom artists have in regards to their personal lives — any exercise of personal decision regarding their relationships is met with drastic consequences.

The K-pop industry’s brutality extends further than just the parameters on their personal lives. Idols face a lifetime in a cutthroat, strict workplace like none other.

To illustrate this idea, take the example of a South Korean student suffering from social expectations regarding academic excellence.

According to the book “The Psychological Well-Being of East Asian Youth,” South Korea is widely known for its competitive educational environment which negatively affects adolescent well-being.

According to the same source, the suicide rate among Korean youth is the highest among Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development countries, and academic stress, being at fault in over 50% of the cases, is the leading cause for why this trend is so prominent.

Being a K-pop idol involves catering to endless expectations, social norms, and athletic excellence. Idols suffer enormous pressure to maintain the expectations of their fans.

They are constantly aware of the tempestuous nature of their career: any misbehavior, flaw, or scandal on their part could not only tarnish their character but could lead to them being shunned by their fans or booted from their agency. In this way, due to the added factor of upholding the favor of the public, being a K-pop idol is arguably more stressful than being an average South Korean student.

If the average South Korean student experiences academic stress strong enough to lead to depression and suicidal behavior, then to what degree is that stress multiplied for K-pop idol?

Just like their trainee years, idols bear the burden of extremely rigorous schedules, unrelenting stage performances, and frequent media appearances.

An incident representing the deadly consequences of an idol’s intensive schedule occurred in 2014 with a fatal car accident of girl group, Ladies Code, whose manager sped on a rainy highway — presumably as means to arrive on time to a scheduled event — and was blamed for the ultimate deaths of two of the members.

Other examples of the effects of rigorous schedules include performance injuries; the Asia-Pacific Journal explains it is not uncommon for idols to injure themselves over-performing on stage.

Another effect of an idol’s intensive schedule is the one on the idol’s mentalities and self-views. With constant media appearances, idols are routinely exposed to the scrutiny of the public upon their physical appearances.

In some instances, the effect of this pressure manifests in eating disorders.

Jimin, a vocalist of BTS, showed signs of anorexia and admitted he had eaten a single meal within the span of ten days because of his intent to lose weight and appear slim like a typical K-pop idol.

Despite their many struggles, idols are discouraged from speaking out about their personal issues. They are expected to meet an extremely high moral standard in order to represent K-pop as “safe and wholesome”: free of violence, drugs, mental health issues, and other unmarketable or unprofitable topics.

This points to the issue of mental health as a deeply held stigma in South Korean culture — a stigma rooted in misconceptions about what mental illness is. A study in 2013 sampled data from sixteen countries across the globe, including South Korea, and over 50% of respondents agreed that individuals with depression are not as intelligent, trustworthy, or productive as those without.

However, despite these rigid social restrictions, there remain jarring incidents where the mental health issues of idols have been forced into the spotlight.

Jonghyun, 27, from popular boy band SHINee took his own life on December 18, 2017. His suicide note reveals the motive behind his death.

“The depression that has slowly eaten away at me has finally consumed me, and I couldn’t beat it,” his note read, according to the Washington Post.

Two years later, on Oct. 14, 2019, Sulli from girl group f(x) died by suicide, a tragedy presumably linked to the malicious hate speech of netizens who bashed her routinely-expressed viewpoints that defied Korea’s social norms and gender ideals.

Six weeks after Sulli’s death, the death of 28-year-old Goo Hara, a member of girl group Kara, was described by police as a suicide, according to the L.A. Times.

The rapid-fire deaths of Jonghyun, Sulli, and Hara shocked millions of fans around the world and forced attention to the mental illness epidemic festering beneath the glamorous façade of the K-pop industry.

Imagine, if this stress is drastic enough for fully-grown, experienced idols such as Jonghyun, Sulli, and Hara to suffer such severe mental illness, what is it like for the children of the K-pop industry?

It is not uncommon for idols to debut as teenagers, since K-pop companies understand that flaunting new, young artists is crucial while marketing toward newer, younger audiences as older K-pop groups retire and depart from the scene. Just like their seniors in the industry, these young artists work full-time as idols.

Rookie boy band TxT, commonly referred to as BTS’s juniors since they hail from BTS’s label Big Hit Entertainment, debuted as teenagers as young as 16 years old. At their debut, the average age of the members of K-pop unit NCT Dream was 15.6 years old.

Keeping in mind that an idol’s career usually spans the course of their lifetime, it is alarming to imagine children so young being thrust into this cold, acidic industry where they have little personal freedom thanks to the suffocating societal pressures exercised upon them.

Some people opposed to this argument might remark that since all idols voluntarily sign contracts binding themselves to their labels and their careers, they voluntarily sign themselves up for this lifetime of suffering. In that case, why should we care about the issues of some uber-rich K-pop star living the celebrity life coveted by millions? How does the mental health of this specific type of celebrity impact us as individuals?

Korean pop stars are called “idols” for a reason: they are the epitome of role models, representing the quintessential sides of humanity. If the best side of humanity is so deeply entrenched in mental illness, what does that make the rest of us?

An article by the Asia-Pacific Journal agrees with this idea: “In Korea, more than 60% of all advertisements feature a famous face, and idol stars are among the most often used celebrities … Simply, if a fan will buy a product that a star endorses, will they not also choose to emulate the star in more destructive ways?”

Likewise, the poor mental states of idols have the potential to impact impressionable fans into romanticizing mental illness as ideal, which holds the major potential to influence K-pop fans everywhere into deadly misconceptions about mental illness and how to handle it.

In the end, K-pop is designed for entertainment and enjoyment. The purpose of this article is not to discredit K-pop or diminish interest in it or its artists. However, K-pop fans have a responsibility to acknowledge that K-pop is not pure glitz and glam.

Behind the infectious songs and aesthetic-jammed music videos are people — and people have problems, especially in an industry like K-pop that is so deeply entrenched in perfection and plasticity that it neglects the real, human, vulnerable sides of its idols.I’m sure you know about BTS, the largest K-Pop boy group out there right now, or at least you’ve heard about them. And we all—mostly—know that they recently announced a tour, just not when or where the tour will take place. But are you aware of other K-Pop artists hitting the stage in North America this year? If not, let me enlighten you a bit.

Seventeen is currently on their “Ode to You” North American tour. Beginning on January 10 and running until January 23, the group hits cities from coast to coast, including a stop in Mexico City.

The group, signed under Pledis Entertainment, debuted in 2015. Last year, they released their sixth EP, You Make My Dawn and their third, full studio album, An Ode. An Ode earned them their first daesang (grand prize) for Album of the Year, and was deemed by Billboard as the best K-Pop album in 2019.

Despite their name, Seventeen consists of 13 members: S.Coups, Jeonghan, Joshua, Jun, Hoshi, Wonwoo, Woozi, DK, Mingyu, The8, Seungkwan, Vernon and Dino. They are split into three sub-units, each with a specific focus: hip-hop, vocal and performance. In addition, Seventeen involve themselves in their music production, choreography and songwriting, deeming them to be a “self-producing” idol group.

Itzy hits the stage this month with their “Premiere Showcase Tour” in five cities around the U.S. The group debuted just last year but have taken the world by storm, becoming the fastest girl group to achieve a music show win after debuting. They also won several Best New Female Artist awards at award shows overseas.

The initial announcement of the group marked JYP Entertainment’s first girl group since TWICE in 2015. In August, they released their first EP, It’z ICY, following their first single album, It’z Different. The quintet—Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong and Yuna—debuted at No. 34 on the Billboard Emerging Artists chart last August with their song, “ICY“.

Beginning this month, soloist Amber Liu will perform in 24 cities around North America, beginning in Fresno and circling back to California, ending in San Diego. Joining her on tour are Meg & Dia, Justice Carradine (January February 4) and Justin Park (February 5-22).

In 2018, Liu signed with Steel Wool Entertainment in Los Angeles. Last September, she made news after announcing her departure from her longtime Korean label, SM Entertainment. Prior to releasing her first solo work in 2015, she was part of the girl group, f(X); they never officially disbanded after announcing a hiatus in 2016.

In addition to her tour, she released her second EP, X, earlier this month.

SuperM began the U.S. leg of their “We Are The Future” tour back in November and will pick the second half of the tour up on January 30 in San Diego.

SM Entertainment announced the formation of the group in 2019 after rumors went around about the entertainment company wanting to create a K-Pop super boy band. It includes members of existing boy groups under SM: Taemin (Shinee), Taeyong (NCT), Mark (NCT), Ten (NCT/WayV), Lucas (NCT/WayV), Baekhyun (EXO) and Kai (EXO). SM founder Lee Sooman calls SuperM the “Avengers of K-Pop.”

In October, SuperM released their self-titled EP, which includes its lead single, “Jopping.”

Stray Kids kick off their “District 9: Unlock” World Tour in the states later this month, traveling to eight cities from New York to Los Angeles.

Stray Kids debuted under JYP Entertainment in March 2018. The group initially formed through a reality show also called Stray Kids. Nine members debuted: Bang Chan, Woojin, Lee Know, Changbin, Hyunjin, Han, Felix, Seungmin, and I.N. Woojin left the group due to undisclosed reasons in October 2019 and the group continued on as an octet.

They recently released the latest in their Clé album series, Clé: Levanter, as well as a special song, “Mixtape: Gone Days.”

Soloist Eric Nam began the “Before We Begin” World Tour earlier this month in Asia and he is bringing it to North America for 26 dates beginning February 1st. Joining him on tour are Phoebe Ryan (February 1-16) and Frenship (February 18-March 14).

Eric Nam hails from Atlanta, Georgia. He got his start in music after his cover of girl group 2ne1’s “Lonely” went viral. In 2012, he signed with B2M Entertainment—as well as Stone Entertainment in 2015—as a solo artist and has since released four EPs and has been featured on a number of music and variety shows. He is best known for hosting After School Club from 2013-2016. He left the show to focus more on his music.

VAV embark on their Grand America tour beginning on February 14—with a few stops in Colombia and Uruguay in-between—and wrapping up in April.

VAV—short for Very Awesome Voice—debuted under A Team Entertainment in 2015. The group first debuted with members St.Van, Baron, Ace, Jacob, Xiao, Zehan and Gyeoul. The latter three each left VAV due to different reasons. In 2017, members Lou, Ayno and Xiu joined the group.

The existing septet released their 5th EP, Poison, in October 2019.

ATEEZ will bring “The Fellowship: Map the Treasure” World Tour to five cities in the U.S. this April.

ATEEZ debuted in October 2018 under KQ Entertainment; prior to debut, they worked under the name KQ Fellaz. The group’s members include Hongjoong, Seonghwa, Yunho, Yeosang, San, Mingi, Wooyoung and Jongho. Over the last almost-year and a half, they released four EPs and one studio album in their Treasure series. Their latest release, Epilogue: Action to Answer, serves as the final part to the series.

The group sold out every arena for the U.S. leg of their tour, and recently announced that extra seats have been added to their shows.

Earlier this month, AB6IX announced the U.S. dates for their first-ever world tour, <6IXENSE>. The U.S. leg begins on April 15 in Newark and finishes on April 30 in Los Angeles.

AB6IX debuted last year under the label, Brand New Music. The group has five members: Youngmin, Woong, Donghyun, Woojin and Daehwi. Their group name (pronounced A-B-SIX) is an abbreviation of ABSOLUTE SIX, meaning that the five members and their fandom become one when they are all together.

In October, they released their first studio album, 6ixense, following the release of their EP, B Complete, in May.

1TEAM recently announced their “Hello! Just One!” U.S. tour, which will hit five cities this March. More information about ticket sales will be announced on the website, MyMusicTaste.

The group debuted in 2019 under the label, Live Works Company. They have five members: BC, Rubin, Jinwoo, Jehyun and Junghoon. Throughout 2019, they released three EPs, Hello!, Just and One, which coincidentally makes up the name of their new tour.

This week, Monsta X announced their 2020 World Tour, kicking off in the United States this summer. The tour will run for 17 dates, beginning in Minneapolis and ending in Los Angeles.

Monsta X debuted under Starship Entertainment in 2015. The original 7 members consisted of Shownu, Wonho, Minhyuk, Kihyun, Hyungwon, 

Joohoney, and I. M. Wonho left the group in October due to recent controversies surrounding him.

The group has made a huge mark stateside, releasing collaborations with artists such as French Montana and will.i.am. Last May, they signed with Epic Records in the U.S. They also became the first K-Pop group to perform at the Life Is Beautiful and iHeartRadio Music Festivals, both of which took place during the same weekend. Their new album, All About Luv, comes out on Valentine’s Day, February 14. The album will be the group’s first all-English album.

If you’re a fan of K-Pop or maybe feel like venturing out to listen to some new music, tickets are still available for all of these tours (Monsta X tickets go on sale January 17). And knowing the world of K-Pop, there will be more tours to come.The impact of K-pop has noticeably spread in the past few years, as it went from being a “new” genre to a global phenomenon in the music industry as a whole. In fact, many K-pop groups have reached impressive milestones thus far and have put their names on many domestic and worldwide popular music charts. This also played a huge role in the increase of world tours that are covering a lot of ground geographically, much to fans’ delight.

In order of seniority, here is a recap of significant moments when some groups carved their names in last decade’s K-pop timeline.

Unless you’re a newcomer, Epik High needs no introduction. Although more hip hop than K-pop, the trio has been very active and has brought a rich and diverse discography to fans of K-pop and hip hop alike since their formation in 2003. Fast forward to 2016, Tablo, Mithra Jin, and DJ Tukutz received an invitation to play at Coachella, making them the first major Korean act to perform at this festival. Being their OG selves, they owned the stage as they entertained the crowd before them in a fun and groovy atmosphere.

The pioneers of second-generation idols proved to have earned their status time and time again, so it’s no surprise that their name is on the list. Perhaps Super Junior’s most momentous achievement to date is their smashing comeback with “Lo Siento” as they were the first Korean act to enter Billboard’s Latin Digital Song Sales chart at No. 13.

Now, Girls’ Generation is not the first girl group to make a U.S. debut, but they definitely took the lead as the first Korean celebrity to make an appearance on three major U.S. network channels, which are CBS’s “The Late Show With David Letterman,” ABC’s “Live! With Kelly,” and NBC’s “Extra TV,” respectively. This also makes them the first Korean group musical guest on a late-night and morning U.S. talk show.

The group’s effect is as massive as the meaning of their name. Throughout their career, BIGBANG has showcased their musical talent via singing, rapping, songwriting, composing, and even producing. Their influence on spreading K-pop definitely didn’t go unnoticed. Plus, them being the first Korean artist to win Worldwide Act at the 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards says plenty about who exactly BIGBANG is.

The first-ever Billboard entry for a K-pop group took place with Wonder Girls’ “Nobody,” which charted at No. 76 on the Hot 100 chart. The single made quite the statement in 2009 as a revamped introduction to K-pop and is one of the genre’s most memorable achievements to date.

If you’re familiar with EXO, you know that they’re a force to reckon with in K-pop. The members keep a huge collection of trophies that they have garnered from various music and award shows, not to mention the many daesangs that vouch for their tremendous success. One outstanding event of theirs, in particular, is their meaningful performance at the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics closing ceremony with “Growl” and Power.”

Surely BTS has earned many firsts under their belt in terms of nominations, wins, TV appearances and performances, and legendary music chart rankings, both in Korea and overseas. As the last decade reached its end, BTS made history once again as the first artist to sweep all Daesangs on Melon Music Awards and Mnet Asian Music Awards, respectively. Talk about an “all-kill!”

The lovely quintet is currently slaying the charts with their latest single “Psycho.” Almost two years ago, Red Velvet was the first girl group to perform in North Korea in over a decade. The group’s participation in this special concert warmed many hearts and their performances were met with fervent cheers. They even appealed to Kim Jong Un, who made time in his schedule to attend the concert. This moment will surely be engraved in both K-pop and Korea’s history!

MONSTA X has had their fair share of success upon debuting in the United States, with their main strategy focusing on releasing English songs and interesting collaborations. They joined iHeartRadio’s famous Jingle Ball U.S. concert tour in 2018 and were the first and only K-pop act to be part of the star-studded lineup. A few months later, they were announced as the first K-pop group to perform at the iHeart Radio Music Festival.

From ranking high on Billboard Japan and Oricon to earning gold and platinum certifications by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ), TWICE has been thriving in Japan both in sales and on charts. Furthermore, they are the first foreign artist to accomplish this feat with four consecutive Japanese releases. It looks like the sky’s the limit for these queens!

K-pop has been dominating many other countries, and BLACKPINK had the chance to represent girl groups in the United Kingdom twice, the first one being on the Official Singles Chart with “DDU-DU DDU-DU” at No. 78 and the second one being on the Official Albums Chart with “Kill This Love” at No. 40. Also, let’s not forget that they’re ruling the K-pop genre on YouTube as a group when it comes to soaring views and breaking records.

(G)I-DLE is one of the most powerful girl groups to make a name for themselves from the start. Over the past 19 months, they won numerous awards and stunned everyone with their overflowing talent on variety and reality shows. This brings us to this one of a kind collaboration where Jeon Soyeon and Miyeon took part in the opening ceremony of the League of Legends’ 2018 World Championship Finals. Soyeon participated again in a second collaboration in 2019. Needless to say that these releases were positively received and significantly put (G)I-DLE on the map as rising idols.

Which historical K-pop moment is your favorite? Did we miss any? Let us know in the comments below!K-pop band X1. They have disbanded after the reality-TV show that launched them was embroiled in a vote- rigging scandal.If retweets and likes were weapons, one “army” would always be fully loaded. We refer, of course, to the BTS Army, or the legion of loyal fans of internationally famous K-pop sensation BTS.

Last year alone, a video tweet by BTS member Jungkook’s video of him dancing to Billie Eilish’s “Bad Guy,” received more than a million retweets (and two and a half million likes), earning the title of Golden Tweet, or the most retweeted tweet, of 2019, says a recently released Twitter report.

According to the social media platform, the number of conversations surrounding Korean pop, not just BTS, hit record-high numbers last year, receiving 6.1 billion tweets from all over the world, which represents a 15 percent increase from 2018’s figure.

Moreover, the data shows that Filipino K-pop fans are some of the most influential movers behind this online phenomenon.

The Philippines is No. 5 on the list of countries that tweeted the most about K-pop in 2019. Topping the list isn’t even South Korea (it’s No. 2), but Thailand; Indonesia is in third place, while the United States takes the fourth spot.

The rest of the top 10 include Brazil, Malaysia, Japan, Mexico, and Argentina.

Additionally, countries such as Canada, France, Great Britain, India, and Turkey were among the top 20 countries that were tweeting the most about #KpopTwitter.

According to local entertainment professional Kring Kim, president of full-service media production company Key Elements Creative Media, Twitter is really the platform where K-pop fandom thrives, even in the Philippines, where Facebook is more widely used.

“If you really want to know more about the artists and if you want to connect with other K-pop fans, then you need to go on Twitter,” says Kim, who adds that she has been a fan, too, since 2003. “I’m on Twitter a lot because I feel most of the breaking news are there.”

According to Twitter’s report, 2019’s most discussed K-pop idol accounts included those of (who else?) BTS (@BTS_twt), EXO (@weareoneEXO) and GOT7 (@GOT7Official).

The platform, however, also saw a trend of individual team member accounts gaining more popularity, such as Baekhyun (@B_hundred_Hyun) of EXO and BamBam (@BamBam1a) of GOT7.

According to Kim, Twitter is also where K-pop fans go not just for news about their idols but also to interact with them.

Online events such as #TwitterBlueroom, a live question and answer series, facilitates such interaction, and last year, Twitter Korea hosted 67 sessions.

According to the report, among the sessions that took place last year, SuperM (@SuperM), the supergroup that consists of representative K-pop idol members, broke the record for the most watched #KpopTwitter Blueroom, with over two million viewers.

So what exactly makes K-pop so, well, popular, especially among Western culture-patronizing Filipinos? According to Kim, it’s really all about the level of talent that K-pop offers.

One newly converted Army member, communications professional Rissa Camongol, says she is in awe at how one song could contain so many music genres—and still sound good.

“And everyone in the group is really talented and has something to offer, unlike the usual boy or girl band wherein there’s always a lead singer, and you know there’s one member that isn’t really singing,” Camongol says.

Kim shares the same sentiment. “It’s different for everyone, but generally, when I talk to [fans], it’s always about how excellent K-pop idols are in terms of performances. Even back in the day, when there were boy bands and girl bands, nobody performed as tight and as clean [as Kpop groups],” she says.

Kim has been organizing Korean entertainment events for almost two decades, including the first Philippine K-pop Convention in 2009, which is the biggest organization of K-pop fans in the Philippines. Now, she also does YouTube videos on Korea and its culture.

“My husband is Korean. For a lot of people, K-pop and K-culture is a hobby, but for me, it’s my life,” says Kim. “I’m in Korea almost every month and I get so much access to these shows. So that’s why I started vlogging on YouTube to share all these information, especially for those interested in traveling to Korea, K-pop fandom and K-drama fandom.”

Alona Guevarra, a professor at the Ateneo de Manila University and another K-pop fan, believes that this form of entertainment “provides an alternative to the dominant Western music which has othered Asian music for a long time.”

As an academic, Guevarra does research not just on K-pop but hallyu (“Korean wave”), or the tremendous growth of Korean culture all around the world. She says has also been teaching a BTS song in her Literature class since 2015, as part of the discussion of rap as poetry.

And while they are a powerful force on social media, K-pop fans also have a huge sense of real-world community.

According to Guevarra, K-pop fan groups are also philanthropic. In fact, a quick scan of tweets by local Army Twitter accounts show documentation of their organized relief efforts for Taal Volcano eruption victims.

Even non-K-pop fans would definitely say, we stan. INQHead-banging away in the shadow of a multi-billion-dollar K-pop industry, South Korea’s ax-wielding heavy metal bands shred a modest trail of destruction.

And in a society where conformity is widely expected, the mosh pitmasters are as clean-cut as any average Seoul citizen.

In the intimate, subterranean surroundings of a cramped basement room, the five members of Monsters Dive took part in a battle-of-the-bands before a small audience, mostly seated until frontman Chu Yeonsik ordered them to their feet.

“Are you ready?” screamed the 25-year-old nursing student, transformed into a fist-pumping alter ego leaping around the tiny stage as if he were gracing a large-scale arena.

The band’s blistering set was meted out with the kind of technical precision typical of the rigorous training of the country’s intensive educational system.

“Usually I never listen to metal music,” Nam Ji-eun, 23, who was in the audience, said. “But the performance was great. Even though I don’t know anything about metal, the songs were catchy and I have the tune stuck in my head now. I would like to go and see other bands too.”

But Monsters Dive founding guitarist and music producer Kim Sangwan, 35, acknowledges that the genre remains a niche subculture.

“I don’t think metal music in Korea will ever become mainstream because it’s a noisy genre with only certain followers. In Korea, it’s minor even amongst the minors,” he said.

“South Koreans tend to follow a trend and flock towards one thing; If it’s K-pop, then they only listen to K-pop. In Korea K-pop and hip hop are popular, but other than that, most other genres are being neglected.”

The slickly produced sounds and highly-choreographed dance moves of K-pop have brought it to the forefront of the “Korean Wave” which has swept Asia and beyond in the last 20 years. The industry is now estimated to be worth US$5 billion, with boy band BTS its latest high-profile act.

With trendy student areas increasingly being taken over by chic cafes and karaoke joints, Seoul’s metal subculture is largely confined to unremarkable venues that are often literally underground.

Some musicians, appropriately enough, are moving to former metal workshops in the industrial district of Mullae and converting them into live venues and rehearsal spaces.

Chu, a new addition to Monsters Dive with whom he has recorded one album, works part-time jobs in between his studies to sustain his hard-rocking habit.

Even their larger gigs will only bring the band around $350, which, along with proceeds from merchandise sales, they put towards rehearsal rooms, recording sessions and music video production to maintain their presence on various social media platforms.

Parental approval and support can be vital for metalheads who are in it for love, not money.

“I was once in the car with my mum, and played my CD,” Chu recalled. “She told me it was too noisy and that hearing my voice full of anger made her agitated and might make her break the speed limit. But she said she likes the instruments and supports my path.”Australian K-pop stars have spoken up about the bushfire emergency in that country, sharing their thoughts and feeling about seeing their home face such a tragedy.

“It breaks my heart to see this,” wrote Rosé of Blackpink on Instagram. “Australia is on fire and it has been for too long now. I am heartbroken for the people and homes suffering from the fires and the millions of innocent and beautiful wildlife creatures that are injured and dying right now. Australia is a place that I grew up in and I am so sad to see this happen to such a beautiful country.”With their infectious debut single "Bon Bon Chocolat" last year followed by the sleek, yet fierce, ode to farewells "Adios," EVERGLOW rapidly became one of 2019's rising K-pop girl groups. Both songs landed in the top five of the World Digital Song Sales chart last year. The six-member team, which recently announced their first U.S. tour dates, will be releasing their first EP Reminiscence on Feb. 3 and are set to unleash "Dun Dun" on Feb. 3. The music video's teaser has already surpassed more than 5.6 million views since it dropped on Wednesday and heralds the continued ascent of Everglow in 2020.

This boy band arrived on the scene in July with their smooth "Movie Star" introducing them to the world, and followed it up with the brash "Numb" in November. With five members, including former Wanna One member Bae Jinyoung, their sound is addicting and built around impactful beats that serve as a platform for their dynamic performances. Though they're still waiting for their big breakout hit, 2020 is gearing up to be a big year for CIX; they’ve already set their sights on international horizons and are holding fanmeet-style concerts in several countries this year including the U.S.

Coming from the same company home as MAMAMOO in RBW, rising boy band ONEUS is breaking out with a sound and style that breaks away from the, at times, saturated K-pop boy band scene. The group's "Lit" single and music video draws inspiration from traditional Korean instruments, fashion and culture, combining it with modern-day trap and hip-hop. These were major creative jumps for ONEUS to make them stand out from other groups while developing something unique in the industry, and landed them their first entry on the World Albums chart.

As the Billboard chart success of groups like BLACKPINK, ITZY, (G)I-DLE and fellow 2020 pick EVERGLOW have proven, it's now the time of the fierce girl groups. HINAPIA were able to make a dent on Billboard's World Digital Song Sales chart upon debut with their pounding party single "Drip." The five-member act is an interesting case with four of its singers as former members of gone-too-soon girl group Pristin (who also made a Billboard impact in their short time together) with the ladies now showcasing a more sophisticated, mature side to make them stand out as K-pop's cool, older-sister group. While they only have two songs under their belt, HINAPIA frequently covers hits by the likes of BLACKPINK and Red Velvet with their ability to make the track all their own showing their potential to jump out from the K-pop crowd.

An artistic underdog creeping their way through the scene, OnlyOneOf is certainly one to watch if just for their avant-garde approach to the industry. Quietly, the boy band has crafted an imagery that is both beautiful, and somewhat creepy, with music that's forward-thinking, not unlike the exciting sounds that made LOONA garner such an international following. In fact, LOONA's former creative collaborator Jaden Jeong is heavily involved with the group. The band's latest release, "dOra maar" released this week, pushes forward their experimental style with refreshing tinges of R&B. Along with these five, many other acts -- like the soon to debut DKB, Cignature and original 2019 pick Treasure, plus new acts coming from top labels like SM Entertainment and Starship Entertainment -- are also already gaining a lot of buzz."It does not come as a surprise to me because I have received such offers for a long time," Tiger JK said. But he rejected proposals to have his songs driven up in the charts for 100 million won. He expressed his indignation at the practice in his 2015 hip hop song "I Know.""The way he was treated bares the ugly uniformity of the '90s. He really was ahead of his times," said a 37-year-old office worker surnamed Kim. "I'm not his fan, but I still hope that he can now live in a world where he can do what he wants."‘Blood, sweat and tears’- this BTS track’s title perfectly sums up what it takes to make it as a K-pop idol. Ungodly work hours, strict schedules and carb-controlled diets hound them from their trainee period to the Hall of Fame.

“Living as a female idol is like being a sailing ship. There will be malicious comments, this and that on the way but you have to arrive at your destination. It’s your part to endure the hardships.” – Suzy from Miss A

With celebrity status comes attention and a whole lot of baggage. Female idols especially are more vulnerable to security threats resulting from the callousness of their fans. Instances of female idols being pulled off stage, called names and stalked have become commonplace.

It all started with a German lad named Josh posting a video on YouTube to pour his heart out to his crush TWICE’s, Nayeon. Sounds sweet, right?

The video starts out innocuously with Josh expressing his admiration for Nayeon and quickly escalates with him admitting that he had been to multiple spots which Nayeon had visited.

On top of that he passed around love notes to the staff at coffee shops, service centers and makeup studios that Nayeon frequented, requesting them to pass it on to her.

TWICE’s fans were quick to call him out and label him as a German Nazi, white supremacist, racist etc. Concerned about the group’s safety, JYP Entertainment, the agency under which the girl group functions, issued multiple warnings to him but that did not stop him from sneaking his way into TWICE’s flight. He allegedly tried to force his way to Nayeon’s seat but was stopped by body guards.

This stalker or ‘Sasaeng’ brings to light the blurred lines of appropriate idol-fan relationship. Despite JYP’s strict security provision Josh managed to breach into the aircraft without catching anybody’s eye.

Idols are often treated as public property and their private space is violated time and again. BTS’ Taehyung while streaming on V Live explained that the boyband chartered private flights instead of flying commercial due to over-excited fans causing disruption during the flight.

Read More: Why Are We Focusing On The Negative & Not The Inspiring Things K-Pop Star Sulli Did Before Her Untimely Death

Blackpink’s Lisa Manoban has stolen the hearts of millions around the globe. Her unparalleled dancing and singing skills make her stand out in the group of four. She recently visited a retro-themed Bangkok café where she snapped many aesthetic pictures of herself.

Hours later the internet blew up with the news of the ‘Mqqn Café’ owner trying to auction off items that Lisa had ‘touched’. The items included the seat she sat on, glass that had her lipstick stain and the plate she ate from amongst other things. While some were disgusted by the owner’s behavior, others felt comfortable participating in the cringe-fest.

Many Blinks (the fandom name for Blackpink) came to Lisa’s aide claiming that his actions amounted to sexual harassment and trashed him mercilessly.

It is not uncommon to auction off articles used by famous personalities: Kim Kardashian recently purchased Michael Jacksons ‘Smooth Criminal’ hat and jacket with his make-up still on it for her daughter North.

But the two situations are worlds apart as Lisa was on a personal trip with her friends and did not consent to be a part of the auction. This is yet another example of capitalism at the cost of another.

Okay, this one is pretty old but surely worth mentioning. In 2011, Girls Generation, a first generation girl group from 2007, was performing at Angel Price Music Festival in matching glittery, golden outfits in front a huge crowd.

The stage was supposed to be the most secure area for the girls but things took a turn for the worse mid-performance. TaeYeon was pulled off stage by a unknown male, few members rushed to her aid while others continued performing.

I wonder where the security forces were and how far did he think he could have taken her. (slow claps). TaeYeon reportedly was shaken after the incident but hopefully the guy got what he deserved.

Even though TaeYeon’s incident took place almost nine years ago, not much has changed- the perpetrators seem to be more nonchalant than ever and the authorities appear to be unfazed. We can only hope that their respective music labels appoint adequate security personnel to vet the venues and transportation thoroughly before they board.Big-cap K-pop stocks are projected to rally again this year given positive Seoul-Beijing relations and the return of some big players, analysts here said Monday. Shares of the three biggest entertainment agencies in South Korea -- YG, S.M. and JYP -- were volatile in 2019, weighed down by a sex-bribery scandal involving Seungri, former member of K-pop boy band Big Bang. The scandal broke out early last year leading to a turmoil in the industry. Of the three, YG Entertainment is expected to see the most drastic revival this year with the return of its iconic boy band Big Bang at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California in April, and its recent corporate restructuring.

KTB Investment & Securities upgraded YG’s target stock price to 40,000 won ($34.62) from the previous 26,000 won.“By the end of 2019, YG’s stocks had plummeted 42.4 percent compared to the beginning of the year,” said Nam Hyo-ji at KTB Investment & Securities.“But this year, its artists including Sechskies, iKON and Blackpink are scheduled to release their albums and there are anticipations building around Big Bang’s return as well,” she added.Nam also noted that Big Bang generated an average annual concert revenue of 52.4 billion won from 2015 to 2017.YG recently went through restructuring, selling off its video production department, which had been in the red for a while. It is also planning to sell off its food and beverage business, according to KTB.Big Bang is most likely to return as a quartet without Seungri, who left the group last year. G-Dragon, who was discharged from military service in October last year, is expected to lead the group again.YG’s industry rival JYP Entertainment turned in a relatively stable performance last year and analysts expect it to maintain the momentum in 2020.According to Hana Financial Investment, its artists -- including Twice and ITZY -- are likely to produce new contents this year and participate actively in concerts. It set its target price at 31,000 won, which remained flat from its previous price.“JYP’s fourth-quarter revenue increased 10 percent on-year to 40.1 billion won and its operating profit shed 1 percent to 9.8 billion won in the same period,” Lee Ki-hoon at Hana Financial Investment said in a note.Of the big three, S.M. Entertainment is projected to see the slowest growth, despite the recent debut of SuperM, which consists of top talent from the agency’s major groups including EXO, SHINee and NCT 127.Meritz Securities even downgraded its target price from 55,000 won to 45,000 won, citing the lack of growth of its artists’ fandom communities.However, all three stocks rallied on Monday on hopes that China would fully lift its ban on Hallyu and rampant speculation that Chinese President Xi Jinping would visit Seoul as early as March.YG closed at 34,700 won in the afternoon, which was around 9 percent higher from the previous closing. S.M. and JYP followed suit, with S.M. gaining 9 percent to 38,850 won and JYP 10 percent to 26,050 won.By Jung Min-kyung( mkjung@heraldcorp.com(UPDATED) South Korean boy group X1 has disbanded after the group figured in vote-rigging allegations, the members' respective talent agencies announced Monday.

In a joint statement, translated and published by Korean entertainment news website Soompi, the 9 entertainment companies managing the 11 members decided to disband the group after they failed to reach an agreement with CJ ENM, which managed X1.

"The X1 members and each of the agencies negotiated under the condition of unanimous agreement, but we could not come to an agreement, so we have decided on their disbandment," the companies said in the statement.

Following the announcement, the hashtag #WeTrustX1 topped the list of trending topics on Twitter, both in the Philippines and worldwide.

X1 debuted in August 2019 and was composed of the winners of the reality show "Produce X 101," the fourth season of South Korea's hit "Produce 101" franchise.

The group ceased promotions around November after police investigation revealed that the show's producers manipulated the results of the audience votes.

The producers also allegedly accepted bribes from entertainment company representatives to favor certain trainees in the competition.

IZ*ONE, the girl group from the third season, also halted promotional activities due to the controversy.

The show's producers, Ahn Joon Young and Kim Yong Bum, were arrested in November over the vote-rigging allegations. Ahn later revealed that the results of all 4 "Produce 101" seasons were manipulated.

CJ ENM, which also manages IZ*ONE, reportedly said the girl group was "positively considering" resuming its promotional activities.TORONTO -- Slick management schemes and eye-catching visuals aren’t the only things powering K-pop’s domination of world music charts, as a lot of it comes down to the fans.

Fans of all ages and nationalities have hopped on the wave, with mega-stars BTS performing in New York’s Times Square for New Year’s Eve, girl group Blackpink performing at Coachella and Monsta X touring with the renowned Jingle Ball concert series.

But it’s the fans’ dedication and organization of projects surrounding their beloved groups that set K-pop and its supporters apart from many other entertainment acts.

“The importance of fan involvement in K-pop can be traced to earliest groups in the ‘90s,” said Michelle Cho, an assistant professor of East Asian Studies at the University of Toronto, in a telephone interview with CTVNews.ca Thursday.

“K-pop groups have always talked about, focused on and reached out to fans, and fan activities have always been an important part of idol culture,” Cho said, adding that there is a perceived mutual acknowledgement between K-pop celebrities and fans, whereas fans of a Western artist generally have more one-sided interactions.

New fans of K-pop from outside East Asia may not initially be aware of the kind of fan organization -- including membership in fan clubs and affiliated activities -- that is characteristic of K-pop, Cho said, but due to heavy social media presence and fan promotion, they are quickly indoctrinated.

The scale of fan projects for K-pop acts may be “surprising” to the outside world, but for international fans of K-pop there is an “sense of cultural ambassadorship” to promote the subculture to the general public, Cho said. This often takes the form of fan projects.

Supporters of a certain group will band together and pool money, resources and time into projects in honour of, or to support their favourites on a scale that is rarely seen for international and Western artists.

BTS fans, known collectively as ARMY, were credited with raising a million dollars for a UNICEF campaign in 2018 because of the group’s charity initiatives with the organization.

Fans of group Block B funded a well-digging project in Cambodia, while supporters of veteran K-pop group TVXQ have opened and dedicated libraries in honour of the group.

And it’s not just charity that shows off the dedication of K-pop fans.

Chinese fans of BTS member Jimin paid for 34 riverside buildings in Qianjiang New City in Hangzhou to be lit up in a massive display celebrating his birthday this past October, along with subway ads, billboards across the globe and an entire bus decked out with photos of the star.

More recently, fans of group Monsta X have flexed their collective fan power after a massive outcry over group member Wonho leaving due to a “scandal” quickly evolved into a rallying cry for change in the South Korean entertainment industry.

Fans of the group known as Monbebe – “my baby” in French – have been protesting collectively for months over the perceived mistreatment of Wonho by his management agency Starship Entertainment, using various fan projects; including a social media campaign, petitions and billboards in Times Square.

They insist that K-pop performers are held to impossible standards and have been decrying the “cyber-bullying” and “cancel culture” that they say pervades the South Korean entertainment industry.

Maria Etlender is a 32-year-old Monbebe from Germany involved in the latest fan project aimed at bringing fan demands to Starship Entertainment.

“This fight has been about opposing cyber-harassment and bullying, inspired and led by the injustice that happened to Wonho,” she said.

A team consisting of fans from several countries has crowdfunded an ad campaign this month to be played on a large video billboard in the Seoul neighborhood of Gangnam, along with banners hung along the street in front of the management label’s building and hiring a truck with a large-screen LED display that will play videos and display the fans’ demands on a loop.

Starship has not responded to repeated requests for comment from CTVNews.ca or made any public comment on the fan efforts.

“We want Wonho back, we want to clear his name [and] we want to ensure the health and wellbeing of all Monsta X members and we want answers,” Etlender said in an email to CTVNews.ca, adding that fans have been feeling failed by the company’s wall of silence regarding the abrupt departure of a crucial group member.

It is a sentiment echoed by 27-year-old Eleanor Wagdy of Dubai, who told CTVNews.ca in a telephone interview Wednesday that she “felt blindsided by the accusations” regarding Wonho, and has since dedicated her Instagram fan account to raising awareness not only about Monsta X, but additional changes fans feel are needed in the industry and are campaigning for.

“This movement is about more than just Wonho, it’s cyberbullying and defamation and everything that is wrong with the ‘dark side’ of K-pop,” Wagdy said.

The fans are also concerned over the intense work schedule, international travel and extensive media appearances K-pop idols are expected to participate in.

“It’s just not healthy – mentally and emotionally—working day after day, day in and day out,” Wagdy said. “The companies need to take care of their artists, and give them time off.”

Cho said there is historical precedent in the South Korean entertainment industry for fans bringing about institutional changes to the way K-pop operates.

“South Korea changed their legislation around idol contracts and capping working hours as a result of fan activism,” Cho said, adding that the impact of fan advocacy is still evolving now that international fans have joined in.

Etlender said that some of the onus is on the fans to create change, including scrutiny of fan consumption habits.

“We can't continue to mindlessly consume what is given to us…we have to use our power to make a difference, to improve working conditions of the people in the entertainment industry in Korea,” she said.

“It is time to hold companies accountable, to remind them that it's our right to be fully and well informed as consumers…to be ensured that the people we look up to, people we cherish, are protected [and] properly taken care of.”For those who are new to Korean pop culture, you might be surprised to find out that idols have to serve in the South Korean military. According to South Korean law, men under 30 must enter the military for mandatory service for up to two years.

While that does sadly mean some of our faves will be entering the military this year, it also means that some will be returning to civilian life and most likely public life as entertainers too.

Here's just some of the idols we're looking forward to seeing upon discharge!

Listen in 24/7 on Digital Radio, by downloading our free mobile app or by streaming live here on our website.As we enter a new decade of listening to world music, we can look back at 2010s as the decade when K-pop spread worldwide. Virally spreading from native South Korea to almost every corner of the globe mostly through video sharing platform YouTube, the 2010s saw the massive rise of the genre’s biggest superstars, but the last few years of it was marked by tragic loss and industry controversies.This is a short list of songs that defined the decade that made K-pop global. Please note that this isn’t a best-of list, to give as much diversity as possible.

At the start of the decade, the queen of K-pop BoA was already struggling with her North American promotions, eventually shifting her focus back to Asia with her seventh Japanese album, “Identity.” This strategy would provide insights on how agencies would later on promote their artists as K-pop gradually spread from region to region.•“Bad Girl, Good Girl” (Miss A)
• “Can’t Let You Go Even If I Die” (2AM)

Year 2011 saw a number of firsts from the rise of dubstep and dance covers (“Bubble Pop”) to the first studio-recorded dance practice video (“Ma Boy”) It was also a year of top selling hits mostly from girl groups.

The year that introduced the likes of Ailee, AOA, BTOB, NU’EST, Baek A-yeon, Lee Hi, Loco, B.A.P. and JJ Project, 2012 easily became THE year that K-pop exploded worldwide.

This was a year made by Generation 2 acts established before the 2010s. But it was also the year that introduced a band that would later on establish its own era: BTS.

A year of experimentation, band departures, scandals and tragic accidents (some even calling it the worst year in K-pop), 2014 introduced variety with the debuts of Akdong Musician (AKMU), MAMAMOO, LABOUM, GOT7, Heize, Winner and Red Velvet. A fan video recording of a music show performance of Up & Down went viral and ignited the fan cam revolution.
• “Eyes, Nose, Lips” (Taeyang)

A big year for solo debuts such as Dean, Amber, Goo Hara, Baek Yerin, Jung Yong-hwa, Lee Hongki, Taeyeon and Jonghyun, the mid-2010s saw the rise in popularity of male bands outside Korea. iKon, Seventeen, Monsta X, UP10TION, DAY6 and N.Flying also debuted this year. But one particular girl group would revive the bubblegum concept and make a mark in 2015.
• “Me Gustas Tu” (GFriend)

With the formal disbandment of 2NE1, KARA and 4Minute and the likes of I.O.I., Blackpink, Cosmic Girls (WSJN), Momoland and Gugudan rising in popularity, plus the introduction of Sam Kim, NCT127, Victon, Astro and Pentagon, 2016 seemingly marked the beginning of the Third Generation of Kpop. But two groups would noticeably dominate the year and continue to do so in the next years to come.
• “TT and Cheer Up” (Twice)

BTS in Billboard was the headline of the year, but 2017 also saw disbandment left and right, many as a result of expiring agency contracts. Much like in 2014, the year 2017 saw experimentation such as the solo debuts of Chung-ha, Suzy and Punch as well as group debuts from Wanna One, KARD, Weki Meki, Dreamcatcher, The Rose and A.C.E.
• “I Will Go To You Like The First Snow” (Ailee)

Year 2018 was the year Momoland boom-boomed into the hearts of Filipinos, and Blackpink ddu ddu ddu-ed the world. It was also the year we got lost with Stray Kids, stanned Loona and went solo with Jennie.

As the decade came to a close, 2019 will be known as a “Fancy” year for the “Boys With Luv” everywhere from Timbuktu to Tutuban. We also saw the birth of the “super”-group and other releases targeted toward the North American market. If there’s any indication that K-pop is not done conquering the world just yet, the decade ends as the year of the rookies—and a new blood of idols and performers are poised to continue the Hallyu wave into the next decade.
• “Dalla Dalla and ICY” (Itzy)
• “Crown and 9 and Three Quarters (Run Away)” (Tomorrow X Together)Which group do you want them to be like?K-pop idols are also known to star in film and TV projects. Many of them have received praise for their acting skills. There are few fans who want their favourite K-idols to be in a K-drama. Take a look.

Also Read | John Cena Reveals Why He Admires Popular K-pop Group BTS

BTS’ Jeon Jung Kook is the 'Golden Maknae' (youngest and talented member). According to fans as he can sing, dance, and sometimes rap. Now fans believe that he should be a part of a K-drama in the lead role. BTS Jeon Jung Kook, however, is not in any project according to official reports.

Also Read | All About Red Velvet - The Popular 5-member Music Group In K-pop World

BLACKPINK’s Lisa is one of the most loved members of the group. She dances and also raps. However, fans believe that Lisa can be an excellent actor in 'High School' themed drama. Hopefully, fans fulfil their wishes and will see her in a K-drama in 2020.

Also Read | K-pop Band Blackpink's Best Songs That Fans Should Listen To

EXO’s Xiumin was seen in short K-dramas like Exo Next Door and Falling for Do Jeon. However, fans expect the actor will further explore his acting career in the year 2020. The singer and dancer of EXO, Xiumin is expected by many fans to star in a drama.

BTS’ V was last seen in the 'flower boy' (popular reference to good looking men in Korea) Korean drama Hwarang. However, the BTS Army (fandom) wants the singer to do more acting projects from the singer. He is not doing any K-drama anytime soon which is a major disappointment for many fans.

Irene of Red Velvet is a singer and main visual of the five-member group She was last seen in Female Employees of a Game Company, which is a web drama. Fans expect more acting performances from the K-pop idol as she would essay any mature character well. Some fans posted their recommendations to the K-idol.

Also Read | THIS K-pop Group Will Be A Part Of 'VH1 Supersonic' Line-up This Year

K-pop star, rapper and excellent dancer Jackson Wang is known for his rigid and tough personality in the K-industry. Even though he has essayed some guest cameo roles in Dream Knight and The Producers K-drama, fans want the rapper to act in more K-dramas. According to many fans, he can essay a good historic or epic character.

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.K-pop accounted for a healthy chunk of Twitter’s soundtrack for 2019, as the social network said there were 6.1 billion related tweets during the year, up 15% from the 2018 total.

Twitter head of global K-pop partnerships YeonJeong Kim said in a blog post, “While K-pop gained popularity in South Korea 25 years ago, it is only in recent times through the power of millennial fans worldwide that K-pop-related conversations have gained traction across the world on Twitter.”

Kim pointed out that the Golden Tweet for 2019, or the year’s most-retweeted tweet, was BTS member Jungkook’s video of him dancing to Billie Eilish’s “Bad Guy.”

Twitter hosted 76 #TwitterBlueroom sessions with K-pop bands and artists in 2019, featuring exclusive interviews and question-and-answer sessions.

Kim said K-pop supergroup SuperM broke the record for the most-watched K-pop #TwitterBlueroom, topping 2 million viewers, adding that Twitter co-founders CEO Jack Dorsey and Biz Stone joined GOT7 during their #TwitterBlueroom session, which tallied more than 1.1 million views.

K-pop awards shows and events made their mark on Twitter, as well, with 40 million tweets related to KCON 2019, as well as 28 million views of videos generated during the event, topped by 102 million tweets from Oct. 24, when voting for the MAMAs started, through Dec. 4, the day of the event.

The three countries behind the most K-pop-related tweets in 2019 were Thailand, South Korea and Indonesia.

The most-discussed accounts last year belonged to BTS, EXO and GOT7.

Finally, Kim said the fastest-rising K-pop accounts on the platform last year were Blackpink, SuperM and Tomorrow X Together.Jae Yim Shim, the owner of KPOP Korean BBQ and Bar in Woodstock’s South Pointe at Towne Lake shopping center (pictured above), this year will open four new eateries, including a second KPOP.

The first, called Seoul Food, will also be situated in South Pointe, and is expected to debut on February 1, Shim confirmed with What Now Atlanta over the phone.

The concept is a fast-casual, Korean-to-go restaurant, occupying a 1,950-square-foot space, including build-your-own Bibimbap, or pre-designed bowls like Heart & Seoul.

Other menu items will include Kimbap, Dumplings, Ramen, and more.

The educator and real estate professional-turned-restaurateur has at least three more eateries in the works for the first half of 2020.

THRILL Korean Steak and Bar is set to open at the Hammond Exchange in Sandy Springs by April 2020.

The all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ restaurant will feature tableside mini grills manned by THRILL’s servers, in a 5,800-square-foot space between Elite Dance Studios and Hammond Nails.

The menu consists of appetizers, numerous side dishes—or Banchan—and more than 23 marinated or non-marinated meat choices like beef brisket and pork belly.

Also in April or May 2020, construction is expected to wrap on a second location of KPOP Korean BBQ and Bar, this time in McDonough, and later this year, Buford Highway will land Shim’s Heart of Seoul KBBQ concept.

“We will open this restaurant by summer 2020 at the latest,” Shim said.

“We’re still in the beginning stages of permitting with DeKalb County.”

While the concept of Korean BBQ has been around for a very long time, Shim says its popularity is on the uptick.

“I’m not coming from the restaurant industry, but being born here and knowing both cultures, I know how to mesh them together, where in the end, each concept, in and of itself, is still true.”(G) I-IDLE, formed in 2018, are one of seven K-pop groups to look out for in 2020.South Korean boy band BTS have declared New Zealand their "favourite destination" out of all the places they have visited for their travel show.

The final episode of the latest season of Bon Voyage, which was filmed in the South Island in September, was released overnight NZ time.

The show saw the seven-member group enjoying classic Kiwi experiences such as camping, fishing and hiking, as well as some more luxe activities like a helicopter tour.

The finale saw the band reflect on their time in New Zealand, with almost all of the members describing it as their favourite destination out of all four seasons of the reality show.

READ MORE:

 * All seven members of K-pop band BTS must serve in South Korean military

 * BTS releases first episode of their Bon Voyage travel show filmed in New Zealand

 * The 'Pineapple Lump Protection Policy' that kept BTS' New Zealand trip quiet

The band has visited North Europe, Hawaii and Malta in past seasons.

They were full of praise for the South Island's "beautiful" scenery and even the weather, saying they had enjoyed the cold and snow.

New Zealand is expected to get a tourism boost from the show, which became a trending topic on Twitter when new episodes were released via the Weverse platform each week.

A bold Kiwi kid caught the internet's attention in the final episode after he approached one of the K-pop stars in a Queenstown food court to ask if he could have his stickers for a McDonald's promotion.

Clips of the encounter have been retweeted thousands of times.

The band's trip to New Zealand was their first work project since they announced they were taking an "official and extended period of rest and relaxation" in August.

Their month-long break was reportedly the first time the stars had enjoyed time off since their debut in 2013.

BTS is considered the biggest boy band in any part of the world, last year making history by becoming the first group to spend five weeks at number one on the Billboard Artist 100 chart.

The group is set to release their seventh studio album in February and have teased an upcoming tour.The K-pop sensation BTS is extending its reach in the art world with CONNECT, BTS, a new contemporary-art initiative that will span five international hubs on four continents. The members of the globe-trotting group were inspired to launch the project as part of an effort to create a “collective, positive message for the world that we value,” as they put it in a statement.

The independent Korean curator Daehyung Lee serves as artistic director for the project, which also involves Stephanie Rosenthal, director of the Gropius Bau in Berlin; independent curator Noémie Solomon; Ben Vickers, chief technology officer at the Serpentine Galleries in London; Kay Watson, digital curator at the Serpentine Galleries; and Thomas Arnold, principal at Alta Art Production in New York.

A series of art projects—all to be free and open to the public—launched on Tuesday with the debut of a new audio-visual work titled Catharsis by Jakob Kudsk Steensen at the Serpentine Galleries in London; the work, which immerses viewers in the life cycle of a forest, can also be experienced online via a dedicated website. On January 15, Gropius Bau in Berlin will present a series of spiritually minded performance pieces by more than 17 artists (including Jelili Atiku, boychild, Cevdet Erek, Marcelo Evelin, Maria Hassabi, and Antonija Livingstone and Bill Fontana).

For other manifestations of CONNECT, BTS, Tomás Saraceno will create the work Fly with Aerocene Pacha, through which the artist will float a person in the air using only solar power—with footage from the making of the artwork at Argentina’s Salinas Grandes t0 be screened in Buenos Aires from January 21 to March 22. At Seoul’s Zaha Hadid–designed Dongdaemun Design Plaza, public exhibitions of Ann Veronica Janssens’s sensory environment Green, Yellow, Pink and Yiyun Kang’s digital environment Beyond the Scene will be on view.

Finally, Pier 3 in Brooklyn Bridge Park in New York will host Antony Gormley’s New York Clearing, which—from February 4 through March 27—will comprise 11 miles of aluminum tubing that coil and arc in space to create a three-dimensional drawing. Visitors are encouraged to walk through the monumental installation, which was recently presented on a smaller scale at the Royal Academy in London.

In a statement, Lee, the curator, said, “The significance of art, whether it consists of sound, sculpture, photography or another medium, is its innate potential to forge a relationship between artist, viewer, the immediate environment, and the atmosphere which encircles and extends far beyond. This project will encourage appreciation of diversities and establish ground for great new synergies to be born.”

A statement attributed to BTS as a whole reads, in part, “This project is especially meaningful to us because it truly represents diversity and creates a collective, positive message for the world that we value. Through this project, we hope to return the great amount of love and support from our fans, ARMY, and all audiences.”The K-pop chart manipulation issue has once again come into the spotlight, following an SBS investigative journalism show that aired Saturday.



The episode about the controversial issue caused an immediate stir on social media platforms and in search engine trends.





On the latest episode of “Unanswered Questions,” industry insiders highlighted suspicions of music chart manipulation when a song, especially one by a relatively unknown musician, suddenly pops up on the charts without any apparent prior momentum.The program showed interviews with local musicians who stated that they had received proposals from brokers who had offered to manipulate the charts for large fees.On the show, an anonymous broker explained how some manipulation is done after viral marketing as a shield to avoid suspicions.In November, Park Kyung of boy band Block B publicly accused a number of fellow entertainers of chart manipulation via his social media account. One of the musicians Park named appeared on the SBS show to strongly refute the allegations, saying there was not a shred of evidence behind the claims. Park currently faces a series of lawsuits for his accusations.The chart manipulation issue was first officially raised in 2013 by top local K-pop companies -- YG Entertainment, S.M. Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and Star Empire Entertainment -- whose CEOs urged a government investigation into the alleged brokers. The case was dropped due to lack of evidence.The issue of chart manipulation was raised again in April 2018, when bands from the top three entertainment powerhouses -- S.M., JYP and YG -- all released albums around the same time. Their three bands, who were known to have huge, strong fan bases, failed to top music charts despite the popularity of the albums. This triggered doubts among many music industry insiders and the public as to the veracity of the music charts.Local entertainment company Limez, which was one of the companies alleged to have manipulated the charts, at the time asked for an investigation by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, which concluded that there was lack of evidence.By Song Seung-hyun ( ssh@heraldcorp.comPurchase a Team or Enterprise subscription for per week

You will be billed per month after the trial endsWhat kind of milk do you want?Two groups from the Produce show (I.O.I and Wanna One) had already fulfilled their promotional period together and girl group IZ*ONE was considered more established after more than a year together, but X1 wound up on the chopping block with the record labels that represented the agencies of the 11 respective X1 members ultimately split on whether to continue or end. They opted to disband the act. Despite remarkable achievements like showing early Billboard chart success (including high ranks on the Artist 100, Social 50, World Albums and World Digital Song Sales chart) and earning one of Korea's highest-selling albums of the year (their debut LP Quantum Leap was the fourth-best-selling album in Korea behind established acts like BTS, Seventeen and EXO), the decision to disband likely came after worries over comments, harsh press and that generally negative perception would be forever attached to the group during their planned, five-year contract.

Even with rumors that the guys actually wanted to stay together, the group ended things with the 11 members heading back to their respective record labels for future plans. Fans of X1 -- affectionately known as One It -- have been fighting for the band, even taking a note from BLACKPINK fans who elicited a response from their record label, by renting truck with messages supporting the group and demanding action take place. The trucks have gone outside the different record labels of the X1 members, even getting noticed and receiving a public shoutout from X1's youngest member Nam Dohyon.

While K-pop fans previously needed to deal with the harsh industry reality that shuddered and cut its artists away from even the slightest bit of controversy -- and mostly still tries to -- the support for the X1 members is speaking to a larger message of supporting young artists, some of them kids, who are innocent among actual crimes of powerful and high-ranking businesspeople. If the X1 members are guilty of anything, it's being talented enough to be part of such a promising boy band. From the on-the-street trucks to more than two dozen hashtags that One Its have trended worldwide on Twitter, fans have the power and literal loud speakers to call out these injustices on larger than ever platforms.

A fan account Wings for X1 that was created in October to support X1 "to protect and support the 11 members of X1 during this time of uncertainty" has amassed nearly 20,000 followers on Twitter, has successfully campaigned throughout Seoul and is pushing forward with projects to show the international reach of X1.

Fans are continuing to push for anything from letting X1 reunite under a different name and label to even a splintered version of the group coming together. Even if the #FightForX1 proves unfruitful and fans aren't able to see the 11 come together again, there's a larger statement being said here that fans aren't sitting idly anymore. These 11 stars won't be abandoned by their fans with reparations of sorts needed to be made by the industry and their respective labels to counteract the unfair treatment. Otherwise, what hopes can the fans have in their future support when even the most obvious of injustices were ignored?Before this teacher, school attendance was as low as 2%. Now it's 100%With the globalisation of K-Pop, most of its multilinguistic artists make the extra effort to interact with their fans by learning their language, yet little did we know that some also hold basic Arabic skills up their sleeves. These are some K-Pop acts that know the language and have attempted to showcase their admiration for Arabic-speaking fans:

The quintet took us by surprise when they started releasing covers of popular Arabic songs such as Emirati singer Hussain Al Jassmi’s song ‘Boshret Kheir’ and The5’s ‘La Bezzaf’ as part of the group’s Global Cover Project last year.

Members of B.I.G — an acronym for Boys in Groove — have taken their admiration of the language by taking Arabic lessons. They even became the first K-Pop group to drop an Arabic version of their own single, ‘Hello Hello’ due to fan’s overwhelming support. Adding to this, the region’s newest K-Pop crossover’s latest single, ‘Illusion’, was released in two versions: Korean and Arabic.

During an interview with K-Pop channel hello82, Ateez were asked if anyone speaks a foreign language to which member Jongho said ‘A’ salam-Alaikum’ or ‘Peace be upon you’.

Dreamcatcher’s Dami is another K-Pop idol we didn't know spoke Arabic. This was in fact clarified by member Gahyeon when a presenter asked the girl group to answer in English, Arabic or Spanish how they felt wrapping their world tour while on at SBS MTV’s ‘The Show’’s segment ‘On the Way Out!’ back in 2018.

The singer volunteered, showcasing her Spanish as well as Arabic linguistic skills by saying: "It was nice to meet you. See you again. Thank you”.

When K-Pop acts hold concerts in Dubai and Saudi Arabia, they take the time to learn a few basic Arabic words before hitting the stage for their adoring fans. BTS is one of those K-Pop bands.

The septet made their Saudi Arabia concert iconic and memorable last year. The members delighted fans when saying a few words throughout the show, but took it to another level when RM, Suga, J-Hope, Jungkook, V and Jin jointly celebrated member Jimin’s birthday by singing the birthday celebration song in Arabic.

As for Park Bom, it’s through social media. The former 2NE1 singer always seems to hashtag her name in Arabic on her Instagram posts.

The three-member group behind the same label as B.I.G dropped a dance cover of single ‘Taj’ by Moroccan artist Manal on YouTube. 3YE also previously showcased their singing and dancing skills by releasing another cover of the singer-songwriter’s single ‘Slay’ a month later.Indian K-pop fans are in for some good news as VH1 Supersonic might have a K-pop act lined up this year. The news broke into K-pop fraternity and fan’s speculated that it might be BTS. However, some of them were disappointed to not hearing that it is BTS, but some followers of VH1 showed enthusiasm showing what the new act would be like.

It all started after fans showed curiosity about the line-up. Nikhil Chinapa, the co-creator of VH1 Supersonic replied to an enthusiastic fan through his Twitter. He mentioned about the introduction of K-pop. However, he cleared that it is not the global juggernauts BTS. Fans started pouring in suggestions and Nikhil willingly 'took notes'.

Also Read | K-pop Inspired Trendy Hair Colours To Try The Next Time You Visit A Salon

Here is what VH1 shared:

Also Read | K-pop Celebs Who Suffered From Depression But Fought Against It!

Some curious fans had more questions:

Also Read | BTS' V Is Dating Actress Kim Yoo-Jung? K-Pop Fans Can't Stop Speculating About It

Nikhil Chinapa cleared the air that K-pop that has been added to the line-up:

Also Read | K-pop Idols In Romantic And Thriller Korean Dramas That Are A Must Watch!

Later VH1 released about Z-STARS attending the event between February 7th to February 9th, 2020 in Pune. VH1 also released the promo cover. Z-STARS are the first international K-pop stars formed after auditions all over the world. The groups Z-GIRLS and Z-BOYS include two Indians, Priyanka Mazumdar and Sidhant Arora, respectively. They are world's first Indian K-pop stars to ever perform in Korea as well as other K-festivals.

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.'Wrote a ballad for one of the world's biggest K-pop artists' is a line Regina musician William Wenaus can add to his resume.

Wenaus, 27, penned and produced the song Dear Me which was recorded by South Korean artist Taeyeon as the lead track for the re-release of her new album. After it was put out on Jan. 15, Purpose - The 2nd Album Repackage climbed to the number one spot in 25 countries on iTunes as more ears tuned in.

Taeyeon was a member of South Korean group, Girls' Generation, for eight years before going solo. Wenaus said he thought Taeyeon would be the ideal artist while writing the song.

"[Dear Me] gave me a bit of a platform to express feelings and ideas that I couldn't get through rock music," said Wenaus.

It was a Girls' Generation song, Mister Mister, that first introduced the composer to K-pop in 2014. Wenaus soon found himself writing more ballads and K-pop seemed like a good fit due to the sensitivity of the lyrics, he said.

"There's just really, really beautiful emotive stuff," he said about K-pop. "I had things that I wanted to say and that was the medium through which I had to say those things."

Wenaus wrote and recorded the song in Regina with local musicians hired for instrumentation and vocals while he played piano. He shopped the composition around before it eventually found its way to the K-pop star.

Her album, Purpose, was originally released in October and re-released last week with the addition of new songs, including Dear Me.

Wenaus calls the song's success "surreal," although he had a feeling the song would succeed because of Taeyeon.

Most of the song was translated from English to Korean, but Wenaus said Taeyeon's version captures the essence of the original — and a key part of the song was recorded in English.

"The hook in the chorus where it says 'I love myself. I trust myself,' that's from the original," Wenaus said.

"It's pretty cool because that's kind of become a global anthem.

"That's pretty special and it seems to mean a lot to a lot of people which is also really, really fantastic."

Wenaus said his belief in himself, the inspiration for the song, is what got him to the point of pitching the song itself.

"That idea of really trusting yourself and the direction that you're on ... that's how I did this."

"That message is what got me there and that's pretty special."

The video currently has more than 11,500 comments on YouTube, which has more than 2.5 million views since it was released Jan. 15.

"I see pop music as at its best a form of care," said Wenaus.

"You're reaching out to millions of people, and even if it's three-and-a-half minutes out of a person's day, to pull them out of the hustle and bustle and craziness that we live in ... and to bring them joy is a special thing."

Since the song's release, Wenaus has received lots of support from family, friends and people in Saskatchewan who don't even know him but are proud of his success.

Wenaus hopes to write from more K-pop acts and one day compose for films.For many adults, the members of the world’s best ever band are John, Paul, George and Ringo.

But if you were to ask a teenager the same question today, they might well reply: Jin, Suga, J-Hope, RM, Jimin, V and Jungkook.

For those unfamiliar, these young men are members of BTS - a South Korean pop group who sold out Wembley stadium last summer and became the first band since the Beatles to have three number one albums on the Billboard 200 chart in less than a year.

And they can dance.

In fact, their dance moves alone are so popular, that a new wave of classes have sprung up around the country specifically for people who want to emulate their K-Pop idols, and some industry insiders say it could become as popular as ballet or tap.

Louise Quan, 32, founded Love K-Pop Dance London 18 months ago and now hosts two classes a week at Base Dance Studios in Vauxhall. They are almost always oversubscribed.

“We have a capacity of 30 in the class, but there can sometimes be another 30 on the waiting list,” she said.

The crowd is “mostly female” and mostly aged between 18 and 30.Brad Paisley is a now 14 time Houston Rodeo performer. He knows how to do it. (Photo courtesy Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo.)

Chris Stapleton wowed the Houston crowd for the second year in a row. in 2019 — and he's back for 2020 (Photo by F. Carter Smith )

Willie Nelson still brings it as a performer, health scares be damned. Here he is during his 2017 Houston Rodeo concert.

It’s not BTS, but fellow K-pop band NCT 127 brings its own impressive cult following (and feel) to the 2020 Houston Rodeo concert lineup. The group’s debut album did hit No. 1 in 22 different countries on iTunes. That’s just a little more international than the country music acts that pack the Rodeo’s ledger.

Of course, there are still plenty of country staples (welcome back Chris Stapleton, Brad Paisley, Keith Urban, Chris Young and Luke Bryan just to name a few) in the RodeoHouston lineup revealed in an energized invite-only party at NRG Stadium on Thursday night.

Call it the stars before the storm.

Reid Ryan was there (in case you’re wondering how he’s filling his time since being relieved of his duties as president of the Houston Astros). So was Bun B. And street artist Gonzo 247. With acts revealed one by one as cowboy hats were taken off the names, the reveal took on something of a happy circus feel.

Of course, the actual lineup leaked on Twitter much earlier in the day. Again.

Still, the appearance of pop icon Gwen Stefani and Texas’ own Khalid on the RodeoHouston rundown brought thrills nonetheless. There may be no one with quite the pull of Cardi B — whose charged performance last year qualifies as one of the most memorable Rodeo shows ever, bringing out an all-time record crowd — on this year’s slate.

But Willie Nelson coming back at age 86 is no minor happening. Still, it’s acts like NCY 127 that will bring the crossover buzz the Houston Rodeo now seems to realize it needs. Not to mention hordes of screaming teenage girls.

“We’re going to mix it up on eight nights,” Joel Crowley, Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo president and CEO, says from the stage about the cowboy extravaganza’s non-country acts in remarks broadcast on Facebook Live.

This lineup reveal still leaves three mysteries. To build more of a sense of continued anticipation, the Rodeo’s three Friday night concert performers will be revealed on February 4 (or earlier on Twitter).

The Rodeo runs from March 3 through March 26 this year. Paisley, who is back for his 14th RodeoHouston appearance, will certainly know his way around.

RodeoHouston individual tickets will go on sale at 10 am Thursday, January 16th at rodeohouston.com. The online waiting room will start at 9:30 am. Participants in the waiting room will be randomly selected to get the chance to buy tickets starting at 10 am.

Are you feeling lucky? NCT 127 certainly is.

Here is the 2020 Houston Rodeo concert lineup:The boy band and global K-Pop sensation BTS is now a public art patron. The group is behind a major commission of 22 artists due to be unveiled in New York, Berlin, Buenos Aires, and Seoul. The unprecedented initiative, dubbed “CONNECT, BTS” launches in London today with the presentation of a digital artwork at the Serpentine Galleries.

Artists involved in the commissions include Antony Gormley, Ann Veronica Janssens, and Tomás Saraceno, among many others. The group has also enlisted the help of leading curators in the five cities, including the Serpentine’s artistic director Hans Ulrich Obrist and Stephanie Rosenthal, the director of Berlin’s Gropius Bau.

The projects will be under the overall artistic direction of the Korean curator Daehyung Lee. Each project will also be extensively documented online, including introductory videos to the works recorded by BTS. The group describes its role as “Secret Docents.”

“It is a great honor to participate in CONNECT, BTS with such renowned artists and curators from all over the world,” the boy band says in a statement. “This project is especially meaningful to us because it truly represents diversity and creates a collective, positive message for the world that we value. Through this project, we hope to return the great amount of love and support from our fans, ARMY, and all audiences.”

The ambitious project’s artistic director says in a statement: “BTS’s philosophy in the form of support for diversity, and love and care for the periphery is an important motif of the project.” Daehyung Lee adds that art, “whether it consists of sound, sculpture, photography, or another medium,” has the potential “to forge a relationship between artist, viewer, the immediate environment, and the atmosphere which encircles and extends far beyond.”

Here is everything you need to know about the contemporary art-meets-K-Pop commissions.

What: The new work by New York-based, Danish artist Jakob Kudsk Steensen called Catharsis is a digital simulation of a re-imagined “old-growth” forest. The simulated landscape is set up as a single continuous shot panning from the roots to the canopy of an ancient forest.

Where: The Serpentine Galleries, London, or online at catharsis.live

What: The Gropius Bau’s Stephanie Rosenthal and Noémie Solomon are co-curating a series of performance works by more than 17 international artists. Called “Rituals of Care,” the program will range from works of experimental choreography and healing ceremonies to sonic environments. The aim is to “explore the necessary conditions for coming together and tending to environments, to physical and spiritual worlds and to other beings.” Featured artists include Jelili Atiku, boychild with Josh Johnson and Total Freedom, Cevdet Erek, Marcelo Evelin, Bill Fontana, Maria Hassabi, Mette Ingvartsen with Will Guthrie, Baba Murah and Candomblé Berlin, Antonija Livingstone and Nadia Lauro with Mich Cota, Kennis Hawkins and Stephen Thompson.

What: In solidarity with the indigenous communities of Argentina’s great salt lake, Salinas Grandes, the Argentinian artist Tomás Saraceno is presenting a project titled Fly with Aerocene Pacha. The land of Salinas Grande is at increasingly threatened by mining for lithium, which is a raw material in batteries. Combining art, science, and environmental activism, Saraceno aims to set new world records by send a human being floating into the sky without fossil fuels, solar panels, batteries, or helium, but powered only by “the sun and air we breathe.” A film of the happening will be shown in Buenos Aires.

Where: Buenos Aires, Argentina, and on Instagram, and online

What: Two major exhibitions will be shown in a public plaza in Seoul designed by the late Zaha Hadid. The Brussels-based, Belgian artist Ann Veronica Janssens will present a disorienting sensory environment created with colored artificial mist titled Green, Yellow, Pink. The Korean artist Yiyun Kang will present a large-scale digital work using projection mapping that reimagines some of BTS’s signature dance moves.

What: The British sculptor Antony Gormley will create a vast “drawing in space” titled New York Clearing (2020). The work will be formed by an 11-mile-long single line of square aluminum tubing, which will loop and coil without beginning or end. The swooping work aims to provide a foil to the Modernist grid of the city.Korean pop listeners are in for a musical treat. The world’s first K-Pop musical, titled ‘K-Pop Krazy’, made its international debut at the Global Village this month.

The new addition to Season 24’s entertainment line-up offers a glimpse of the global phenomenon as it tells the story of a group of aspiring young Korean pop wannabes on a quest to becoming the most popular K-Pop group in the world.

Attendees will be able to witness Global Village’s Main Stage light up with a lively display of in synch choreographies and K-Pop’s greatest hits by 14 Seoul-based members aged between 18 and 29.

“The launch of ‘K-Pop Krazy’ is the latest addition to Global Village’s proud legacy of bringing our guests the best international acts from across the world. As demand for K-Pop takes off in the UAE, we are thrilled to be offering guests wow factor with a world-first musical sensation that will elevate Global Village’s drive for creating unforgettable experiences,” said Shaun Cornell, entertainment director, Global Village.

It’s the first K-Pop musical to hit the UAE’s shores and Global Village, where K-Pop merchandise is available at the South Korean pavilion. This is the second K-Pop event announced this year so far; Korean actor Sung Hoon and new K-Pop band A.Fact performed in Abu Dhabi over the weekend.

‘K-Pop Krazy’ kicked off in Dubai last Monday and will run through till February 3 — except for Fridays — before embarking on an international tour.

Access to K-Pop Krazy is included in the Global Village entry price of Dh15.SINGAPORE - Two more concerts in Singapore, both by K-pop acts, have been postponed due to the Wuhan virus outbreak.

South Korean singer Taeyeon, a member of K-pop girl group Girls' Generation, was due to perform at the Singapore Indoor Stadium on Feb 1.

Fellow South Korean act NCT Dream, the teenage sub-group of popular boy band NCT, had originally been scheduled to play at The Star Theatre on Feb 15.

According to organiser ONE Production, the shows were postponed "due to coronavirus proliferation concerns".

"The safety of artists, patrons and staff is our top priority and we will continue to act on advice from the authorities on the coronavirus and take precautionary measures in line with prevention efforts."

There were no further details on when the replacement shows will take place.

Fans who had already bought tickets will be refunded. The full details on how they can get their refunds, which will be made through their original mode of payment, will be available on ticketing agency Apactix's website (www.apactix.com).

The announcement comes two days after Hong Kong singer Miriam Yeung postponed the concert that was to have taken place at Singapore Indoor Stadium on Feb 8.

The concert's co-promoter, Live Nation Singapore, had said that all concert production equipment and machinery were supposed to be freighted in from China and set up by the Chinese team, but were unable to do so "due to the current freight and travel conditions in China".

Several concerts in the region have been cancelled because of the Wuhan virus outbreak. Hong Kong star Andy Lau cancelled 12 shows in the city, while fellow Hong Kong singer Leon Lai has postponed two shows in Macau.

Taeyeon, who recently sang on the soundtrack for the Korean version of animated film Frozen 2 (2019), previously held a solo concert here at Singapore Expo in 2019.

NCT Dream are the first Asian act to be featured on Billboard's "21 Under 21" list two years in a row in 2018 and 2019.To say that K-Pop has dominated year 2019 is no understatement at all. With multiple chart-topping hits from a long list of Korean leading boy/girl groups, emerging bands and solo artists like BTS, GOT7, I.U, Mamamoo, Blackpink, Chungha and more.

And since K-Pop has become a regular topic for team L'Officiel, we are, of course, very excited for the many comebacks happening in the first quarter of 2020 including BTS's Map Of The Soul 7 comeback on 20th February, Blackpink's rumoured comeback, iKON's new music video and Big Bang's imminent return at Coachella 2020.

So ahead of the big hits in 2020, we decided to round up the best of 2019 K-Pop releases that are still topping our own playlist!“Let’s cheers like a thunder / I’ll fill you up / ’Til you overflow.”

That’s a line in the 8-member South Korean boy band ATEEZ’s latest single, “Answer,” a hypnotic and anthemic track that celebrates victories and overcoming obstacles.

For Ateez, “Answer” is a triumphant conclusion to their “Treasure” series, which started with the band’s debut last October 2018, and spawned four EPs and one studio album.

In just two days, the song’s music video amassed more than 10 million views on YouTube. The EP, meanwhile, reportedly took the top spot on iTunes’ top albums chart in 36 regions, including the United States.

In a highly competitive music scene, where nearly a hundred groups are introduced each year and debuting does not guarantee immediate success, what makes ATEEZ one of the most promising acts in K-pop?

What made ATEEZ and the “Treasure” series so impressive, was how everything — from the concepts, music and music videos — felt meticulously planned, thus achieving coherence.

When “Answer” was released, for instance, fans were surprised to learn that the opening lines were the exact same ones sung by member San during the last 12 seconds of “Beginning of the End,” the outro track from “Treasure EP.Fin: All to Action,” the previous album which at the time was the presumed finale of the “Treasure” series.

With this, it turned out that “Beginning of the End” merely teased, as its title suggested, the beginning of the song that marked the end of the “Treasure” series.

ATEEZ have also been consistent throughout the “Treasure” series, establishing a signature sound characterized by strong vocal moments (mostly delivered by main vocalist Jongho), atmospheric chanting, gripping pre-choruses, hard-hitting rap verses, and elements from a variety of genres such as EDM, trance, and tropical house.

Even as the group took on different concepts — from the dark and dizzying “HALA HALA,” to the feel-good “Wave,” to the epic “Wonderland” — ATEEZ stuck to their signature sound without making each new song feel like a platitude.

Besides the preparation, such consistency was also the product of having the same set of music-makers at the helm. In ATEEZ’s case, most of their songs were written by EDEN, their label-mate at KQ Entertainment. The members, particularly rappers Hongjoong and Mingi, also participated in the songwriting process.

In an interview with MTV News, Hongjoong, also the band’s leader, also stressed on the importance of making songs with messages.

For the “Treasure” series, ATEEZ have fashioned themselves as pirates aimed at helping fans, called ATINYs (pronounced as “A-teeny”), find their personal treasures. It’s still unknown whether this treasure quest will remain a theme in a future release.

Part of what makes ATEEZ’s burgeoning career interesting is how the band is growing its fan base.

At a time when many K-pop groups are created through reality TV shows, which give them the advantage of gathering fans even before debuting, ATEEZ are growing their following organically.

While several members of the group, known at the time by their pre-debut name KQ Fellaz, joined the 2018 survival program “Mix Nine,” their participation in the show barely helped, with the boys even failing to reach the finals.

Instead, ATEEZ — composed of members aged 19 to 21 — took on the more traditional route by constantly putting out content on social media, most notably dance practice videos on YouTube. When the band debuted with “Treasure EP.1: All to Zero,” the record reached No. 7 on Korea’s Gaon Album Chart.

ATEEZ have also attracted a sizable overseas following, which landed them a deal with RCA Records and allowed them to play several shows in the United States, Europe, and Australia.

Last June, ATEEZ bagged their first win on a South Korean music chart show, beating senior acts such as Lee Hi, VIXX’s Leo, SF9, and Stray Kids. This feat had some netizens raising their eyebrows as they were unable to believe that a relatively new group from a minor label could beat more established performers in just a short time after debuting.

Last year, the octet also won the Next Generation Award at the Golden Disc Awards, the Worldwide Fans' Choice Award at the Mnet Asian Music Awards, the Best Korean Act at the MTV EMA Awards, and the Best Performance Award at the Soribada Best K-Music Awards.

The band acknowledged its success toward the end of “Answer,” when they sing “Can you see us? / The burning eyes / The swallowing shouts / Rings throughout the world,” which defy the earlier lines “Call, call, call us right now / So they can see from anywhere in the world.” It’s as though they were saying they no longer need to be called because they have already arrived and made themselves known to the world.

ATEEZ have truly raised expectations with the conceptual portrait that was “Treasure,” which is why there is an inevitable anxiety about how their transition to a new concept (if they do decide to switch things up) may not be so smooth.

Fans and critics are anticipating what the band will do next and whether or not they would be able to sustain the popularity they enjoy.LONDON — K-pop and contemporary art may seem like strange bedfellows, but as of late they have been getting more and more friendly. In 2016 the rapper T.O.P. from K-pop band BIGBANG guest-curated a Sotheby’s auction of Western and Asian contemporary art, which pulled in $17.4 million. And now the K-pop megaband BTS has launched a global public art project involving 22 contemporary artists across five international cities.

In 2019 BTS, which been dubbed the “biggest boy band in the world,” became the first band to ever spend five weeks at number one on the Billboard Artist 100 chart. The seven-member South Korean group has attracted a global fan base, nicknamed ARMY. Known for working cultural references into their tracks, the band members have now turned their hand to arts patronage. With their public art project, “Connect, BTS,” the pop stars are attempting to engage their fans with the work of international contemporary artists working in a range of mediums.

The “Connect, BTS” website describes the endeavor “in terms of a collective curatorial practice by curators around the world who resonated with BTS’ philosophy.” The five-part project was launched last week at London’s Serpentine Galleries. The London chapter, an immersive installation by Danish artist Jakob Kudsk Steensen, will be on display at the Serpentine until March 15 and can also be viewed online. Entitled Catharsis, the video takes visitors on a journey through an imaginary forest constructed by artist though 3-D scanning and audio sampling.

The day after the London launch, Gropius Bau in Berlin began Rituals of Care, a series of performances by 17 international artists including Jelili Atiku and boychild. The performances are centered around themes with particular contemporary urgency, including land and the Anthropocene, violence, and repair.

Over the coming weeks, “Connect, BTS” will also inaugurate projects in Buenos Aires, Seoul, and New York. For the New York commission, British sculptor Antony Gormley will construct an installation composed of 60 feet of aluminum tubing on a converted pier in Brooklyn Bridge Park. At the launch of the project at the Serpentine, Gormley described the initiative as a “very open-minded and generous gesture,” which would be able to engage a “whole new young audience.”

In a video call from Seoul during the launch, BTS member RM (Kim Namjoon) said: “We’re very excited and really happy to be part of this project. We’ve been hearing so much about how this world doesn’t need art, but we think this is a big challenge for all of us from different genres, we believe in the part of art that can help change the world.”

At the launch, members of the BTS ARMY swarmed the Serpentine, showing the band’s impressive pulling power. If the “Connect, BTS” project continues to enjoy such popularity, this may just be the beginning of a long love affair between K-pop and contemporary art.The South Korean entertainment and broadcasting industries have been on full alert amid continued concerns over the Chinese coronavirus outbreak that has killed more than 130 people and spread to many other countries and regions, industry sources said Wednesday. 



An increasing number of entertainment agencies have decided to defer live concerts at which hundreds of fans would come into contact with each other and run the risk of being infected with the virus that originated in the central Chinese city of Wuhan.



K-pop boy group Super Junior canceled two concerts scheduled for Tuesday to mark the release of its ninth full-length "repackage album." Originally, 400 fans had been invited to the concerts, dubbed "Super Junior The Stage," to be held in Goyang, near Seoul.



Label SJ, the band's management agency, decided Monday not to open the planned concerts to the public "due to the situation involving worries about virus infection."



South Korean star actor Kim Soo-hyun, who is popular in China, will call off a fan meeting in Seoul on Feb. 9 that around 1,000 fans were expected to attend. The fan meeting was also designed to encourage Chinese fans to stay at a Seoul hotel.



Fears about the virus have also compelled South Korean singer Kang Sung-hoon to postpone fan meetings scheduled for Feb. 14 and 15, and Top Media, the management agency for singer Kim Woo-seok, has postponed the start of ticket sales, set for Thursday, for a similar meet and greet on Feb. 22.



Entertainment agencies have been canceling events in China involving South Korean singers in response to requests from fans increasingly worried about their safety amid the virus rapidly spreading in the neighboring country.



Fans of boy group SF9 have called for the group's agency to cancel or postpone a fan meeting on March 14 in Qingdao, northeastern China, where SF9 was due to sign autographs. Fans of boy group NCT Dream are following suit, asking its management agency to reschedule concerts on Feb. 7 and 8 in Macao. (Yonhap)How old is (G)I-DLE's Soyeon?

She was born on August 26th, 1998 (age 21 years) in Gaepo-dong, Seoul, South Korea.Feinstein's/54 Below will present KPOP the music of KPOP composer Helen Park In Concert on January 29th at 9:30-pm.

Winner of the Lucille Lortel and Richard Rodgers Awards, and three-time Drama Desk-nominee, composer-lyricist Helen Park will share some of her newest tunes, as well as songs from her acclaimed Broadway-bound show KPOP, and other projects. The show will feature songs that are unapologetically K-pop and bilingual, in a blend of electronic and acoustic music.

There will be special guest appearances from Broadway actors Ashley Park (Mean Girls - Tony Award nomination, KPOP), Jason Tam (If/Then, Be More Chill), Joomin Hwang (The Prom), Janet Krupin (Bring It On, If/Then), Julia Abueva (KPOP), Toren Nakamura, John Yi (Soft Power, KPOP, Cinderella 1st National Tour), Jiho Kang (KPOP), Remy Zaken (Spring Awakening), Nick Cartell (Les Misérables), and Jonathan Shew (Bandstand). Music direction will be by Sujin Kim-Ramsey.

Korean-American composer and music producer Helen Park's music has been described as "perversely addictive" (New York Times) and "infectious" (Hollywood Reporter). Park is the first Asian composer or lyricist to win a Lucille Lortel Award and Three-time Drama Dest Nominated. Her recent work include KPOP, her Broadway-bound musical for which she wrote music and lyrics. The show's Off-Broadway run at Ars Nova enjoyed a sold-out, extended run and was the most nominated show of the 2017-2018 season. Currently, Park is writing songs for the upcoming Netflix animated musical feature Over the Moon directed by Academy Award winner Glen Keane, slated for a Fall 2020 global release.Here are the top names who have made donations and raised awarenessA British man who has spent more than $150,000 on plastic surgery to look like K-pop star Jimin has married a cardboard cutout of the BTS singer in Las Vegas.

Oli London, 29, from London, brought his full-size cutout of Jimin — whose full name is Park Ji-min — to Sin City to say 'I do' in front of an Elvis Presley impersonator at Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel.

'It was such an emotional ceremony. I felt very emotional,' he told DailyMail.com in an exclusive video of the wedding. 'Jimin is my idol. I've spent a lot of money on surgery to look like him, and now I've actually married him.'

'I don't know what else I can do next. It's the happiest day of my life,' he added. 'I can almost cry.'

Oli was joined by friends as he walked his beloved cutout of the South Korean singer to the chapel on their big day.

'We're going to get married, finally. So happy. Yay!' he gushed. 'I'm going to marry Jimin, guys. Look, he's smiling. He's so happy.'

Once inside, the plastic surgery lover filled out the paperwork for their wedding, quickly glancing at the cutout, saying: 'I guess I'll sign for you, Jimin.'

Ron Decar, the owner of Viva Las Vegas Weddings, was dressed as Elvis as he drove Oli, his cutout of Jimin, and his friend Angélique 'Frenchy' Morgan into the chapel in a pink Cadillac convertible.

The impersonator performed 'That's Alright, Mama' before starting the ceremony, during which Oli promised to 'always be teddy bears' with Jimin and to give him 'a hunk, a hunk of burning love.'

When Elvis pronounced them 'partners in life,' Oli held the back of the cutout's head and gave it a long and sensual kiss while his friends cheered.

Ron sang a rendition of 'Viva Las Vegas' before the newlyweds and their friends left. After the ceremony, Oli held up a plastic cup of bubbly to toast his husband.

'So Jimin, here's to our wedding,' he told the cutout. 'Congratulations to getting married to none other than me.'

Oli lifted the cup to Jimin's lips and ended up apologizing profusely after accidentally spilling some of the drink down its front — but that didn't stop him from trying to feed the cutout cake.

'Oh, he's so happy. Look he's been smiling the whole time,' he noted. He's been smiling all day.'

In a post-wedding interview, Oli relished in being married to the cutout after years of BTS fandom.

'This is the happiest day of my life. Marrying Park Ji-min was always my dream, so I'm super, super happy now to have married him and it's finally official,' he said.

'I've even got the certificate to prove it, signed by Elvis Presley, the king of rock and roll, himself,' he added, holding up the paper.

When Oli is in Las Vegas, his cardboard cutout lives with him in the apartment he shares with Frenchy.

Unsurprisingly, his bedroom is covered with posters of Jimin as well as pillows and dolls made in the K-pop star's likeness.

Oli, who claims to be in a multi-year relationship with the cardboard cutout of Jimin, became fascinated with the boyband member when BTS debuted in 2013.

'I was actually living in Korea at the time, and I was watching some TV and BTS performed and I was just amazed by all of them,' he told Barcroft TV in September 2019.

'I want my entire lifestyle to revolve around K-pop and I want my entire look to look like Jimin because for me he is perfection, his jaw shape, his lips his voice, everything.'

Over the past five years, Oli has spent an estimated $165,000 on more than 15 surgeries to look like his idol.

In a September episode of the E! reality series Botched, he was denied surgery after trying to convince Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nassif to give him another nose job.

Oli's dream of looking like Jimin has come with some controversy and concerns about cultural appropriation, but he insists that's not the case.

'So, I'm not actually changing my race. I have a deep respect for Korean culture,' he said. 'It's cultural appreciation, not cultural appropriation, so I'm very, very respectful of Korean culture.'

Oli has even started his own K-pop music career and released the song and music video, 'Perfection.'

'My life has completely changed, so I am able to release a K-Pop music video, which I never dreamed would happen, so it's like a dream come true,' he told Barcroft TV.About 50 kilometers from central Seoul, Incheon Airport is one of the busiest air gateways anywhere in the world. While most people go to travel abroad, some have a different purpose: to see their favorite idols up close.Celebrities in Korea, especially K-pop idols, often arrive fully styled from head to toe, emerging from a van when embarking on a tour or doing promotions in another country. And as soon as they get out, the airport shoot begins as photographers hurriedly take out the cameras.Sometimes entertainment media outlets are tipped off in advance by agencies in the hopes of generating coverage for lesser-known celebrities.The practice has become an industry norm over the years, as more K-pop idols now boast bigger global followings and tours around the world. It has also coined the term “airport fashion,” as idols’ off-the-stage looks provide style inspiration for many, creating exposure for fashion brands.Fans too seize on this opportunity to take pictures and give gifts or impart greetings, if they are lucky, to the stars.As of late, however, the industry practice that makes an airport sound like an innocuous playground has been marred by worrying signs.Problems begin to arise when obsessive fans, known as “sasaeng,” follow idols past the immigration barrier and into the departure lounge, where many artists or agencies draw a line.One fan, who wished to stay anonymous, said she was once told by her favorite member of an idol group that while coming to the airport was OK, the singer wanted to be left alone once past immigration.She explained that idols find themselves in a corner after the immigration check-in, because there is no way out until the plane lands at their destination.“After immigration at an airport, there is no escape. There is nowhere else to go. You have them cornered and you are like a cat and they are a mouse in a corner,” the fan said.Knowing their idols are trapped, others are ready to exploit their vulnerability, selling flight information to those wanting to get as close as possible to the stars.Many of these exchanges take place via Twitter, where searching the right few hashtags leads to accounts that appear to openly sell personal information.And sometimes, it’s not just K-pop stars whose flying experience is ruined, but other passengers unfortunate enough to be on the same flight as well.In 2018, Korean Air had to disembark just before takeoff when fans of Wanna One got on board the plane to see the group, only to suddenly then demand a refund and ask to leave the plane, forcing everyone else to get off.An official at Korean Air said this was in part why the company began enforcing an additional fee of 200,000 won ($172) last year on those who decide not to board an international flight at the last minute after passing immigration.By Yim Hyun-su ( hyunsu@heraldcorp.comK-pop star Taemin’s career is an example of perseverance. He always wanted to be in entertainment but as a member of the band Shinee wasn’t encouraged to sing. He has since released three solo albums and joined K-pop super group SuperM as their lead dancer.Kicking off 2020 in style, the "K-Joy Music Festival" treated Thai fans to an extravaganza of pretty faces, slick moves and big, bright bubblegum pop.

The event -- organised by SM True, OOKBEE, Me.jai, DO81, Search (Live) and Do Concert -- took place at a packed Impact Arena in Muang Thong Thani on Sunday and featured five top K-pop acts: Exo-SC, NCT Dream, Kim Dong-han, The Boyz and Elris.

Openers Elris, the only girl group at the event, kicked off proceedings with high energy and provocative dance moves for their cover of Fergie's Hungry. The quintet went on to perform five of their own songs, Focus, Summer Dream, Will Be Mine, Pow Pow and We, First. Summer Dream is quite catchy and breezy, while Pow Pow is good fun. But overall, though the girls are pretty, the songs are pretty average. Still, we look forward to their future offerings. Hopefully, they will grow.

Eleven-member boy band The Boyz looked handsome in their white suit jackets and black trousers. During the first two songs, the dance numbers No Air and Get It, they appeared to be a little out of sync with one another. But when they moved to the stage in the middle of the hall, their cheerful personalities shone through, brightening up proceedings.

Eric was good at playing with the camera, pulling funny faces which elicited laughs and screams when shown on the big screen. One of the boys, Young-hoon, had a collarbone injury and had to sit on a chair or stand apart from the others for his own safety. But the others did their best to include him, interacting with him throughout. Their performances on KeePer, Bloom Bloom and D.D.D were energetic and enjoyable.

The 21-year-old singer Kim Dong-han has come a long way since he first appeared on Korea's premier talent show Produce 101 in 2017. He has developed into a capable singer and outstanding dancer. Dong-han greeted Thai fans with his latest single, Focus, captivating them with dance moves that seemed effortless. He then sent the audience wild with his cover of Exo's sensual Love Shot.

Yet, it was surprising to see him looking exhausted just three songs in. After all, he is currently performing in the theatrical run of the musical Iron Mask, which would require him to keep up that level of performance for around two hours. He had to stall for time by drinking water and talking to fans before eventually continuing with the beautiful slow track, Record Me. He ended his show with another upbeat number, Idea.

The two final acts, NCT Dream and Exo-SC, got the crowd really worked up. The hall lit up with their official colours: neo green for NCT Dream, cosmic latte, or silver, for Exo-SC.

Teenage boy band NCT Dream were the best act of the night. Their label, SM Entertainment, has a track record of producing well-drilled, flawless performers. And the boys didn't disappoint. They started off with an impeccably high standard of performance on Go, which they maintained through My First And Last, We Go Up, Stronger and Boom. Even without Hae-chan, who couldn't come because of his hectic schedule, the remaining five members could fill in smoothly.

The singing was beautiful and powerful, the rapping energetic and the dancing vigorous. Of the five songs they performed, Boom was the best due to its creative choreography and memorable rapping. The show felt like it was over almost as soon as it began: half-an-hour is too short for a remarkable group like NCT Dream.

Top hip-hop K-pop duo Exo-SC were given a warm welcome by fan group ExoL. Consisting of rappers Se-hun and Chan-yeol, the act is a subunit of Exo. As Exo-SC, the two have had more opportunity to show off their singing talents, as is evident on the chart-topping single What A Life.

Their experience as part of Exo means that they know their way around an arena, and the two rappers owned the stage. They performed six songs in total, including the soothing and chilled out Closer To You and Borderline. Their contrasting styles complemented each other: Chan-yeol's rapping was slow and dynamic, while Se-hun's was very fast.

Their voices suited the relaxed songs, especially the encore We Young, in which they urged their fans to take it easy and not worry too much because they were still young. The duo was delighted with the great support they received. Chang-yeol expressed his wish that Exo-SC would play their own concert here in the future, a sentiment which was met with an overwhelming response from the crowd.SUGAR LAND, Texas (KTRK) -- A popular K-pop group has landed in Houston and fans have been lining up for days.Boy band Seventeen performed at the Smart Financial Center in Sugar Land Wednesday night, but the first fans starting lining up on Monday.So why are they called Seventeen if they only have 13 members? The group consists of three units including hip-hop, vocal, and performance."There's 13 boys, three units, but they're one team. So, it adds up to 17," explained one fan.The group is also making a stop in Dallas along with New Jersey, Chicago, L.A., San Jose and Seattle, according to a promotional flyer posted on the group's Twitter.No trip is ever finalized without a list. From the documents you need for your visa to your in-depth itinerary (plus all the K-beauty products that you're dying to hoard since forever)—the list goes on and on to remind you of your to-dos before setting on an adventure. But just when you thought you're all set for your upcoming getaway to the Land of the Morning Calm, life tells you that you forgot one more thing. Hear us out when we say this: Having a playlist during your South Korea trip will make your stay even more fun and memorable.

Listening to a handful of songs the moment you step on the plane or stroll the streets of Seoul will not only immortalize your entire travel but will also uplift your mood. Imagine hearing a track that's so good you feel like screaming for joy, or coming back home with the memories of Myeongdong in a song—that for sure is enough to warm your heart over and over again. No matter the season, here's a playlist of feel-good K-pop songs for your South Korea trip that will leave you ~feeling alive~!

Of all the good collaborations out there, "Starlight" is probably one of the best. Taeyeon's mesmerizing voice paired with Dean's smooth vocals is the perfect track to listen to upon hopping on your plane to South Korea. The first few notes will give you the feeling of a whole new world that awaits to be discovered. Just like the lyrics, this song will leave you daydreaming as it also leaves a smile on your face while you look at the clouds through your window.

“You are my starlight, you shine on my heart

When we're together, it feels like I'm dreaming all day"

While in a bus (or subway) on your way to your first destination (like Nami Island), listen to Bolbbalgan4's "Travel", a fresh and wonderfully-arranged bubblegum pop song that gives a slice of spring and summer. The duo doesn't disappoint in inspiring its listener with a song that will urge you to take a break, escape the ordinary and travel the world (in this case, SoKor). The lyrics are as comforting as it sounds, and the music video is fun and vibrant, too!

I'm turning off my laptop, please don't hold onto me

Even if you shout loudly, I can't help it

3. "Days Gone By" by DAY6

DAY6's hit track "Days Gone By" sounds and feels like being back in the '80s—only better. Watch as your head bops and swing to the beat with its upbeat and retro vibe, and reminisce the good, ol' memories where happy days are made of. Put your earphones on, walk the streets of Hongdae, and look for a quirky coffee shop while listening to this song.

There was no sad day"

4. "Wanna Be (My Baby)" by Wanna One

Be swooned by the captivating voices of the Nation's Boy Group with "Wanna Be (My Baby)", a track that sounds a bit mellow at first, but eventually brings so much energy the more you listen to it. Beam in delight and get ~*kilig*~ as you do some serious shopping in Myeongdong, be amazed by the lines of stores, and hunt for K-pop merch of your fave idols (like a Wanna One album!).

"I can't explain it all with words

Where did this feeling come from?"

A great way to start your day is to turn the volume up in your room with a track that will excite you for your trip to Lotte World (or Everland). "Touch" is an ear-tickling bop that's easy to love and listen to. It wakes you up in the most soothing way possible, and prepares you for fun walks at the park. Everything about this song is sweet and playful, and the mostly-pastel-hued music video will inspire you to put on a pastel-hued OOTD, too!

"Even I'm shocked over how I'm being, it's true

And keeps following you"

BTS is widely known for their deep and meaningful songs, and "Good Day" is one example that you shouldn't miss out on. The Japanese track by the South Korean global sensation speaks of a brighter tomorrow that will heal all your worries. When you're finally atop N Seoul Tower, put this song on, appreciate all the good people and things in your life, and look forward to a good day.

"One day it'll be a good day, for sure

You won't be alone, always

I'll be by your side; we'll be okay"

A classic gem from 2013, "Lucky" by EXO is a love song dedicated to their fans, EXO-Ls, who bring out the best in them. Be in high spirits while listening to this track as you witness the sunrise by Haeundae Beach and bask in all its glory. The notes are comforting yet revitalizing and will let you realize how lucky you are right now to have your dream turned into reality.

"Is the sky's sunlight only shining on you? Can you be that dazzling?

So lucky to have you"

The Kings of K-pop impeccably did justice when they covered Lee Moon Sae's "Sunset Glow". This iconic track is bursting with so much feel-good vibes laced in its melody, that endorphins in your body are probably dancing by now. Listen to this when the day slowly shifts into dusk and prepares you for the lively Dongdaemun Night Market (street food, anyone?).

"But I have no regret

So I can just gaze (at you)"

9. "One More Chance" by Super Junior

A heartfelt, sentimental effort from the legends in the K-pop industry, "One More Chance" is the best song to listen to while riding a bike and enjoying the breathtaking night view of the Han River and the Banpo Bridge. The music video is aesthetically-pleasing similar to the stunning scenery you'll get at the said destination, and will probably make you cry tears of joy. Here's to hoping that you'll get one more chance to come back here in the future?

"If I could do this once more

Just one more chance so I could see you"

"Way Back Home" is all about the undying love towards someone no matter the distance, and this goes the same as you cap off your entire trip. When you finally strap your seatbelt on the plane, look back at how remarkable your trip was (through photos and vivid memories of your wandering), although it might seem short, you'll surely find your way back home again one day—to the beauty that is South Korea.

"'Cause even when I'm all alone

You still got a hold on my mind

And I'll always let you know

That I'm always gonna hold on"

Check out the entire playlist below:"With May and Taylor's help, I quickly learned that instead of imitating and copying what Freddie did, the key to making this work and to have some integrity is look at the songs as great pieces of music and as ways to communicate human experiences and be of service," Lambert said.Coachella is the king of music festivals. And I really do mean king. The long-running, two-weekend event recently announced its lineup for 2020, and once again, it will have an entirely male set of headliners. To its credit, the lineup does contain an interesting, and in some senses diverse, array of talent — including high-profile K-pop stars and some of music’s most acclaimed acts from 2019. But as the tone-setting opener for the summer music festival circuit, Coachella still has a lot of room to improve.

Below, I’ve culled some of the best, worst, and weirdest elements of Coachella’s 2020 lineup. (The festival will take place April 10-12 and 17-19 in Indio, California.) In short: Fans of a good comeback, rejoice! Lovers of rock music, my condolences! And Lana Del Rey fans, I feel your frustration. (Same goes for anyone who’s trying to get passes; both weekends are currently waitlisted.)

Once upon a time, K-pop was synonymous with a boy band not named BTS: BigBang. As soon as the five-piece group released its debut album in 2006, Korea was in love; by 2012, so was much of the rest of the world.

BigBang’s fifth EP entered the Billboard charts that year, marking the first time any Korean group charted in the US; their music has outsold that of the Backstreet Boys; their videos have been viewed more than 4 billion times on YouTube. Even the members of BTS are huge BigBang fanboys.

BigBang occasionally took breaks from performing together while its individual members — known as Daesung, G-Dragon, Seungri, Taeyang, and T.O.P. — pursued highly successful solo careers. By 2016, however, just as the group was reaching its peak, it began to break apart. One by one in the months that followed, the boys enlisted in the military, required of all South Korean men between the ages of 18 and 35. By 2018, with each member either starting or about to start their military service, the group had no choice but to announce a hiatus.

The K-pop scene continued to grow after BigBang left it, but not without some drama: In March 2019, Seungri announced that he would leave the music industry for good after he was implicated in a sex scandal. The event left such a bad taste in fans’ mouths that it wouldn’t be a total surprise if BigBang chose to disband entirely. And that’s a big part of why it was such a pleasant surprise for music fans that the group’s name appeared on the Coachella lineup.

BigBang’s Coachella concerts will be the group’s first since it went on break in 2018 (the group will return as a four-piece, without Seungri). They’re a huge score for the festival and international fans of K-pop. (Also set to appear: the group Epik High, another longtime K-pop staple that has collaborated with BigBang in the past.)

Will the group stumble without Seungri, who choreographed much of their impressive footwork? I have a feeling that, as long as four-fifths of BigBang is up there singing and dancing, fans will be too overwhelmed to care.

The lineup poster remains an inextricable, integral part of a music festival, serving as something of a word search for hipsters of every age. It may seem nonsensical to spend so much time scrutinizing font sizes and the organization of names, but they tell us a lot about how the festival industry perceives and presents music in a given year. And in 2020, music is looking male as all get-out, according to Coachella.

Last year, I reported on the disturbing lack of female headliners at music festivals like Coachella. This year’s lineup, unfortunately, maintains the homogenous status quo. No knocks against Frank Ocean, Travis Scott, or the reunited Rage Against the Machine, but lineups like Coachella’s reintroduce the age-old question: When will mainstream festival organizers recognize their responsibility to challenge the industry’s gender bias?

It’s not that Coachella hasn’t had female headliners before. Ariana Grande headlined last year’s show, and Beyoncé’s Homecoming live album release reminded us of how inventive her headlining Coachella performances were in 2018. But Grande shared top billing with Childish Gambino and Tame Impala, a reminder of how other female acts were denied the biggest stage of the night, despite their immense acclaim. Take 2019 non-main-stage act Billie Eilish, who would go on to be nominated for every major category at this year’s Grammys. Billboard’s Bianca Gracie wrote of Eilish’s performances then that she was “deserving of a headliner slot.” Guess the Coachella folks missed that memo. But the biggest diss of all? Lizzo, whose name appeared in the small print last year — funny now, considering her blockbuster 2019. (She’s also up for a load of Grammys in 2020.)

Coachella did not course-correct this year, as artists like FKA Twigs, Carly Rae Jepsen, and Megan Thee Stallion’s names are relatively low on the list. Each one had a stunning 2019, as did Lana Del Rey, whom some music critics consider to be the most slighted of all. Del Rey’s album Norman Fucking Rockwell!, released in August, was cited by outlets like Pitchfork as not only the best record of the year but also one of the best of the entire decade, just weeks after it went on sale. The Lana stans are not happy about this one. I can’t blame them.

Good: Frank Ocean, always elusive, makes a rare appearance in the top spot

Channel Orange (2012) and Blonde (2016), Frank Ocean’s two studio albums, were seminal works of the 2010s. Together, they tell the story of a young black man embracing his queerness, first through the soulful R&B and hip-hop of Channel Orange, then through the more existential, experimental pop of Blonde. Ocean was heralded as an ingenue, a rarity, a marvel who transcended genre. After hardly touring for either album, however, the singer-songwriter ducked out of the spotlight.

Rumors of a Coachella headlining spot for Ocean are now an annual tradition, always in the hope that such an appearance will coincide with the release of new music. Ocean’s increased visibility toward the end of 2019 — he put out a pair of singles and made news for hosting highly exclusive queer club nights — hinted that 2020 might finally be the year fans would see his name on a festival poster. And now Coachella has succeeded in booking him, granting fans two whole opportunities to see this enigmatic force in person.

Bad: Rock music might as well not be there

Rage Against the Machine is no small get for Coachella, especially since the influential rock band hasn’t performed together in eight years. The group stands out from the rest of the festival’s 2020 lineup because of its legendary status, and because of its genre: It’s a four-piece rock band featured in a lineup that is decidedly light on rock.

There are plenty of guitar-based bands to be found in the lineup, sure; King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard, Pup, Snail Mail, Mannequin Pussy, Idles, and (my absolute favorite) Beach Bunny are all worth paying attention to. But they make up most of a small number of groups that can be thrown into the rock bucket at Coachella. On the one hand, Coachella tends to cater to popular interests, and hip-hop is undeniably huge right now. On the other, plenty of other festivals find a way to fit in more genre variation. But then, variety is not Coachella’s strong suit in more ways than one.

Hatsune Miku is only 16, but she’s already internationally known — and has been for more than 12 years.

If that math doesn’t sound quite right, it’s because the Japanese pop star known to her fan base as Miku isn’t exactly ... real. Instead, she’s the creation of a software program called Vocaloid that allows users to compose music for Miku to sing. And while Vocaloid does offer other avatars, Miku has been the face of the program since it launched in Japan in 2007.

Global fans of Miku first found her through viral videos, where Miku is seen dancing alongside catchy, popular tunes. And then they began to worship her for her performances of both Vocaloid users’ compositions and professionally produced original songs. All of her “hits” feature her perfectly high-pitched computerized voice set to bubblegum earworms, so it’s hardly a surprise that Miku eventually became a phenomenon, big enough to take her act on the road.

A Miku concert typically consists of an eight-foot-tall projection of the character’s anime school-girl likeness; Miku is all big eyes, short skirts, and blue pigtails. For two hours, she sings and dances, and she’s even been known to transform into a winged angel toward the end of her show, rising toward the ceiling and disappearing into the ether as if she has been welcomed into a heavenly realm. It’s always a completely wild, packed experience, with almost no point of comparison. I saw her live once, and I still can’t believe it wasn’t a highly illogical dream.

In some ways, then, it seems like Miku’s big festival debut is long overdue. Coachella has hosted a “virtual band” before, when Gorillaz performed in 2010. But that group had the benefit of both performing in English and having actual human beings play instruments and sing onstage to accompany the animated characters. Miku is different in that she’s her own digital entity; no one pulls the strings at a Miku show except for Miku. (Or, rather, her software.) To the Coachella crowd partying in the dry desert heat, Miku may seem less a specter than an otherworldly being, and that sounds like a win for them and for futuristic pop music.

Bad: You can see Lil Nas X, but only if you squint

2019 should be remembered as the year of Lil Nas X, who ignited questions of genre, race, and industry conventions with the release of his first single, “Old Town Road.” Lil Nas X proved to be more than just a gimmick, even as country music purists deemed him to be just that; his cowboy hat and friendship with Billy Ray Cyrus belied his vested interest in offering a unique take on SoundCloud rap. And that he did, to the attention of the Billboard charts and the Grammys. Among his nominations this year is even an Album of the Year nod for his debut EP, 7.

One should consider themselves lucky to see Lil Nas X these days, with all of that in mind. But Coachella has snuck him into the lower reaches of the lineup poster, giving him a spot at the festival as if it was begrudged to do so. It seems an odd placement for someone as widely beloved and successful as Lil Nas X. I’m not saying he should be a headliner — the dude’s got, like, six songs! But I’m willing to bet he’ll be headlining Coachella or its competitors in the future, and we’ll all have a laugh about this. Maybe.

“This is weird but cool, I guess!”: Danny Elfman will play his greatest soundtrack jams

The Simpsons theme song has been a bop for 31 seasons now. All the songs from The Nightmare Before Christmas rule. Pee-wee’s Big Adventure has one of the best soundtracks of all time. The best part of Fifty Shades of Grey? The music, easily.

Composer Danny Elfman is the tie that binds them all, creating some of the finest music of the past 45 years. That said, jamming to his cinematic soundscapes at a music festival known for its faux-bohemian vibe, highly privileged attendees, and marketing opportunities masquerading as “live experiences” seems like a strange proposition. But there’s precedent, as the composer Hans Zimmer performed a standout set in 2017. If Zimmer could play his Dark Knight soundtrack for a crowd of spaced-out youths and come away as one of the year’s highlights, Danny Elfman should be able to do the same easily.

Also, we can’t forget about Elfman’s classic new wave band, Oingo Boingo. Oingo Boingo reunion when?Strict rules that K-Pop singers have to follow

According to Vox, K-Pop is a "global phenomenon that brings billions of dollars to South Korea each year. Launching its so-called "idols" into superstardom, K-pop allows performers who rise to the top of the highly competitive industry to earn the kind of fame and fortune that most people couldn't imagine. But that level of success comes at a price — a price that many would consider too high.

Those who choose the K-Pop life do what it takes to please the people who buy their albums, concert tickets, and every item of merch that's available. Eunice Chang, a production manager who is involved with K-pop events, appearances, and concerts, told CBC News, "[Idols] will do everything, anything for their fans because that's the only reason for them to exist." Chang also noted that K-Pop stars aren't likely to cause a fuss even when there's trouble. "[W]hen you are popular, you can not show your weak side," she explained. "People will say: 'Oh, you have everything. Why are you saying that?' They get a little judgmental."

Jeff Benjamin, a K-Pop music columnist, told the CBC that even the term "idol" adds to an extreme level of expectation, saying, "Just that word in itself gives the idea that they have to be perfect — they have to be the ideal standard of entertainer. That's a lot of pressure for a young person." That pressure seems even more extreme when you find out about the strict rules that K-Pop stars have to follow.The Korean government came out with a law back in 2009, restricting all contracts involving K-pop idols to a maximum of 7 years. Relating to the infamous 7-year jinx, most K-pop groups will usually disband after their 7-year long contract concludes.

This means all groups that debuted in the year 2014 will be considering whether they want to renew their contract or remain.

Check out some of the groups that made their first official debut that year and will likely disband come 2021. Keep in mind that the list are not arranged according to their exact debut date:

Just like other JYP Entertainment rosters, the future of the 7-member group is rather unclear. Some of the boys have indeed found success outside of the group, such as lead vocalist Jinyoung who is now more known as an actor with his breakout role in “He Is Psychometric”. Meanwhile, the group’s rapper Jackson Wang has also been making a stable name as a solo artiste, releasing jams after jams such as “Oxygen”, “Dawn Of Us” and “Papillon”, just to name a few.

The group was asked about the 7-year jinx during an interview. In this case, all of the members assured that they’re not afraid at all. “It’s true that we don’t have much time left (with the company). But, all of us share the same opinion; we’re going to keep going together as seven members,” leader JB said.

Jinyoung further added by saying, “People call it the 7-year jinx but I think that the times have changed. There are a lot of seniors who have surpassed the 7-year mark. Because we have close seniors that have promoted for a long time together, we never once thought, ‘Are we going to go our separate ways after 7 years?'”

As all of Reveluvs (Red Velvet fandom name) know, the group made their official debut with 4 members – Irene, Seulgi, Wendy and Joy. Maknae Yeri joined the group later in 2015. Therefore, we can assume that the 22-year-old’s contract will not expire until 2022.

Despite the fact that SM will not usually announce group disbandments formally, it will still be difficult to organise the schedule if a number of members are leaving the company. The case is apparent for senior groups like Girls’ Generation and f(x).

For those who have been following the YG Entertainment boy group, all of the members appeared on the reality show “Who Is Next (WIN)” way back in 2013, where they emerged as the winning group. However, they faced several delays and setbacks until their official debut in 2014 and the cycle continued during their one-and-a-half-yearhiatus before making their comeback in 2016. Former member Nam Taehyun also left the group that same year, adding insult to the injury.

Despite the fact that the group has been getting popular up until the present day, things will not be the same if the members are still unhappy with the recurring condition surrounding their home label. As a result, it is most likely the group will not renew their contracts with the famed entertainment agency, and disband the group in the process.

All 4 members of the group – Solar, Moonbyul, Wheein and Hwasa – had successfully kicked off their solo careers since starting their stint in the K-pop scene back in 2014. We can argue that the most successful member would be maknae Hwasa who made waves with her debut single “Twit”, which reached the top of Gaon chart.

A lot of K-fans have been speculating the future of the group when their contracts expired next year. Some pointed that all of them will leave their current company RBW to focus on their own music (the members have different approaches and styles in music). Others argued that there’s no reason for them to exit as the girls are currently having the best of both worlds – both as a group as well as in their solo endeavours.

Like WINNER’s case, Lovelyz has also been caught with an alleged mistreatment over the last few years. Despite making their names known domestically, it is quite difficult for them to pursue their career overseas. Note that brother group Infinite is also famous in neighbouring country Japan. Not only that, the fact that they only release one song last year, also raises a red flag.

The only arguably successful member of the group would be Kei, who released her solo song “I Go” in October last year. It will be quite difficult for the girls to promote as Lovelyz in the future if most of them decide to not to proceed with their contract.

Hopefully these groups will still be active in producing music as a whole despite the fact that their contracts are coming to an end soon.With the glitz and glam of K-pop leveling up each year, it’s clear that there is major money being invested into that sector of the South Korean entertainment world. Hundreds of young talents undergo formal “debuts” each year, releasing their first formal song or album as a way to greet the world, and there are often wide scale marketing and impressive audio-visual contents associated with K-pop debut eras as a way of gaining immediate traction for an artist or act.

AleXa, also known as Alex Christine, grew up in Oklahoma and eventually began to pursue a career in South Korea after competing and taking the top place in an online K-pop talent competition in 2017. During a brief appearance on 2018’s Produce 48 show, it was revealed that she was signed as a trainee to ZB Label, a subsidiary of Zanybros, one of the most prominent video production teams associated with the K-pop world. Last year, she released the dynamic “Bomb” on Oct. 21, announcing her debut to the K-pop world with a powerful song paired with captivating sci-fi aesthetics in a music video, giving the first glimpse of what AleXa has to offer the world as a soloist.

Kim Junhong, CEO and co-founder of Zanybros, opened up about the costs of launching AleXa’s career, sharing some insight into the immense financial investment that South Korean entertainment companies put into the official K-pop debuts of burgeoning talent.

Tamar Herman: How much was the total cost spent on Alexa's debut?

Kim Junhong: The total cost spent on AleXa's debut was around $300,000 USD.

Herman: How much was the expected cost?

Kim: The expected costs had been around $200,000 USD.

Herman: What was the cost breakdown?

Kim: Overall, this analysis shows that the highest costs when making an album go into the music video production and the cost of promoting the artist and the music. This may vary slightly depending on the genre of the artist's music or the size of the agency, but this breakdown is quite typical in the production of a debut album in the K-pop industry.

The breakdown of AleXa’s debut under ZB Label is as follows:

40% music video (directing and art team, filming and lighting equipment rentals, special effects such as fire, water, smoke, etc., location rental, props, costume production/rental, hair, make-up, stylist teams, editing, color grading, FX, CG, and sound effects)

30% promotions & marketing (domestic PR manager and agencies labor costs, international marketing labor costs, international online advertising costs, promotional merchandise production, promotional video content production, purchase and rental of outfits for music show and press appearances, hair, makeup, and stylist teams for music shows and press appearances)

5% miscellaneous, such as lodging, food, medical care for artist, car rentals, parking, gas, etc.

Herman: Were there any unexpected costs?

Kim: As music videos are one of the most important parts for a K-Pop idol's career, we spent more on the music video than expected, as well as on domestic and global marketing.

Herman: Was there any cost cutting involved?

Kim: While we did end up spending more on the music video than planned, we were able to keep the costs comparatively low thanks to Zanybros being a music video production company, as we could use both in-house facilities and manpower. Thanks to the company and its crew's network we were able to were able to save a lot of costs related to the casting of AleXa for music shows. Overall, we were able to reduce costs at various points of the process by using in-house staff.

Herman: How does this compare, based on your knowledge of the industry, to the average debut of a soloist?

Kim: While the cost spent on a soloist's debut varies greatly depending on the company's scale, I think AleXa's debut cost were fairly high compared to other debuts from small to mid sized companies. Of course, we didn't spend a lot compared to big companies but considering the fact that AleXa is from a very new and small company, the debut costs were quite high. But I think the higher cost also lead to a bigger effect.

Herman: Is there anything else you think our readers would be interested to hear about investing in a K-pop star’s debut?

Kim: Different from, say, manufacturing companies and factories, the entertainment industry doesn't have a strict form by which to measure exactly how much impact the invested money has, as the results are not always and not only profit. For example, if investing into the production of high quality contents to gain the interest of more fans actually reaches its goal and the number of fans rises, then the investments were not just spendings but can be seen as an increase in profits. It's true that it takes time until there is actual profit in the entertainment industry; there is a lot of waiting. But we are investing into this industry in the end to create something that can reach people all around the world – this is the special charm of entertainment. In addition, creating our own intellectual property will allow us to later branch out into other business areas and thereby continue to develop.

South Korea's entertainment industry is expanding and very competitive, but I am convinced that by understanding and trying the needs of global K-Pop fans we can develop marketing strategies using new media with which to win the market and establish a blue ocean market.

Kim’s answers were translated from Korean to English by Maira Naba.Shownu, Minhyuk, Kihyun, Hyungwon, Joohoney, and I.M. will bring their summer tour to Denver in June 2020.

The group will perform at Pepsi Center in Denver on Monday, June 29.

Tickets for the concert go on sale Friday, Jan. 17 at 3 p.m. at PepsiCenter.com and LiveNation.com.

Monsta X's summer tour will launch Tuesday, June 2 in Minneapolis and will visit arenas and theaters across the U.S. and Canada.

Since forming in 2015, Monsta X has attracted a huge international fan base with their array of hit singles and tours. Current members include Shownu, Minhyuk, Kihyun, Hyungwon, Joohoney, and I.M.

The group's 5th album, All About Luv, will be the first all English-language album released by a K-pop group.SEOUL (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Wearing bright bow ties and dark dress, a group of South Korean women belt out song after song about the joy and stigma of being gay - part of a growing clamor for LGBT+ rights in Asia.

“Unnie Choir” sang about their struggles at a sold-out concert in the socially conservative nation, where homosexuality remains taboo despite rapid economic advances in recent decades.

It is part of an expanding network of LGBT+ choirs across Asia, which use song to fight discrimination in a region where progress on gay and transgender rights is slow.

“Through singing, we’re saying homosexuality exists. We just want to be ourselves,” said Chung Ui-jung, the music director and conductor of the 15-strong choir.

“Singing has the power to change,” she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation backstage after the concert, attended by some 70 people in a cozy venue in the capital Seoul.

Homosexuality is not illegal in South Korea, which in 2003 ended its classification as “harmful and obscene”. There is growing public acceptance of LGBT+ relations and annual gay pride rallies attract thousands.

Yet discrimination remains widespread and gay people suffer hate crimes, according to campaigners. Conservative lawmakers are also pushing to end protections for sexual minority groups.

South Korean President Moon Jae-in, a Catholic widely seen as a liberal, has come under fire for refusing to legalize gay marriage although he also said discrimination against LGBT+ people is not acceptable.

Unnie Choir, founded in 2012, hopes its unconventional method of campaigning can help turn the tide.

Unnie - named after the Korean word for “sister” – meets weekly to sing songs, their own compositions among them.

It holds an annual concert, performs at human rights events, and has been described as the “K-pop for queer” – derived from the term used to describe wildly popular Korean pop music.

Their repertoire ranges from ballads to acapella, hymns to pop songs, sometimes mocking prejudices against gay people.

But they also take on other social issues: cyber bullying and feminism, or why South Korean women prefer to stay single.

“It’s my first time to see their performance but they are fun and engaging,” said Seo Hee-jeong, a 31-year-old straight woman who said she was drawn to the social-justice messages.

The choirs are seen as taking a gentler stance than many activists on LGBT+ rights, an issue that can ignite hostility in Asia among conservative political or religious groups.

There are more than 30 such groups in Asia - in places as diverse as China, India, Japan and Taiwan - according to Proud Voices Asia, an umbrella group for LGBT+ choirs.

India decriminalised gay sex in 2018 and Taiwan last year became the first place in the region to allow same-sex marriage.

But similar drives for gay marriage in China and Japan faced stiff opposition, with social conservatism holding sway.

In South Korea, gay sex between soldiers is a crime under military rules that can result in a two-year prison term - although homosexual acts are not criminalised for civilians.

G-Voice, South Korea’s first gay choir, said the groups help LGBT+ people forge a sense of unity, especially in places where open social interactions are difficult.

G-Voice began in 2003 so gay men could share their coming-out stories and support each other through song.

“Coming out is a big decision for many gay men, we collect their stories and turn them into songs. It becomes easier when we’re together,” said its music director Jun Jae-woo.

Like elsewhere in Asia, the pressure to marry the opposite sex and continue the family blood line is strong in the east Asian nation, prompting many to hide their sexual orientation.

South Korea also has one of the world’s top suicide rates and Jun said he has lost gay friends to suicide, calling for legal reforms to protect LGBT+ people from discrimination.

The 49-year-old expects anti-LGBT+ sentiment to surge in the run-up to what promises to be a tight legislative election in April, and predicted no major progress on LGBT+ rights.

“We have the conservative forces who are influential, homophobic voices will continue to be loud,” said Jun, a doctor who came out in his teens.

She believed growth in LGBT+ choirs showed wider acceptance, and was confident her group could one day become as popular as other world-famous K-pop icons.

But in a sign of slow progress, Chung - a magazine editor who knew she was attracted to women from a young age – is still not prepared to come out to her parents.

“It is something that is hurtful to them. Maybe one day I will come out to my parents, but I haven’t found the courage yet,” said the 30-year-old.MANILA - Korean pop legends BIGBANG will be performing in this year's Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California, their agency confirmed Friday.

YG Entertainment posted a photo of the lineup for this year's music festival, with BIGBANG performing on April 10 and 17.

Korean hip-hop group Epik High will also perform in Coachella on April 12 and 19.

The group's upcoming performance in Coachella marks the end of their four-year hiatus as the members have fulfilled their military service.

Member T.O.P was discharged in July 2019, followed by G-Dragon in October, and Daesung and Taeyang in November.

BIGBANG was originally a 5-man group but member Seungri left the band and retired from the music industry in March after he was accused of sex bribery.

BIGBANG, which debuted in 2006, often topped the South Korean music charts and gained a huge following before members began to enter mandatory military service in 2017.K’Pop, a group of five members including Donghwa, Jumin, Youngwon, Yoobin, and Woohyun are considered as first-generation K-pop idols according to many K-media reports. The band debuted in 2001 and were an instant success in the upcoming years. However, K’Pop did not last for more than four years. In the latter half of 2004, the group disbanded due to speculative reports of gay relationships between the members.

Also Read | Parasite Director Bong Joon Ho Says, 'BTS Contributed To Korean Genre Popularity', Read

K’Pop debuted with the song Shadow from the self-titled, K’Pop album. They topped several Korean charts according to music chart reports. Their fame gave them the 'flower boy' title by the fans, which means desirable in Korean pop culture. After Shadow, they released two other albums which were also an added achievement to the group. However, their fame lived a short life after the news of their disbandment in 2004. This was after the last track Scent of Memory from the album Memories, released in September. The last track made it to top 10 of the national charts, but could not save the band.

Also Read | BTS' V Is Dating Actress Kim Yoo-Jung? K-Pop Fans Can't Stop Speculating About It

Reportedly, some members of the all-male K’Pop were dating each other. According to reports, the rumour of infidelity between the members led to a massive meltdown. More rumours stated that one of the members reportedly assaulted the person they were dating in question. It is however not clear that who exactly was reportedly involved in the violent act.

A group's disbandment is not a new concept in the Korean Music industry. It is relatively common. However, the rumours were a huge blow to the hostile industry.

Also Read | K-pop Inspired Trendy Hair Colours To Try The Next Time You Visit A Salon

One of the members Kim Bum Suk, known by his stage name Donghwa, returned as an actor. When asked about the rumours, he simply clarified that there were problems within the management and so the group disbanded. In 2018, the group made a special appearance on Sugarman 2, which is an interview program and former popular celebs are called as guests.

Also Read | Real-life K-Pop Icons That Have Been Shelling Out #CoupleGoals For Fans

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.Slow original soundtracks or ballad songs k-dramas are instant fan favourites. These songs are mostly love songs which are sometimes sung by the lead actors of the drama. The slow songs of k-pop groups are also worth the listen. We take a look at some of the best slow ballad songs from k-drama’s and idol's which will melt your heart away.

Paint Me is a beautiful ballad song by the k-pop girl group MAMAMOO. The four-member group represents colour and the emotions depicted from the colours in the video song from their 6th mini album Yellow Flower. The song has great vocals from all the singers.

This confession song is just the song to listen to when you need some inspiration before confessing your love to someone. Be Suzy is a JYP entertainment singer, actor and k-pop idol who has voiced this OST from While You Were Sleeping drama. The OST was a hit amongst fans.

Also Read | Real-life K-Pop Icons That Have Been Shelling Out #CoupleGoals For Fans

The song that released in 2017 was an ode to the beauty of relationships. The eleven-member group participated in this ballad song by singing and also rapping in some sections. This is one of the best ballad songs by the group which was created from the reality show Produce 101.

Stay with Me by Chanyeol and Punch

Goblin was one of the most successful drama according to Korean news reports. This hazy ballad song sung by Punch and rapper Chanyeol of EXO was a contributor to the success. The video song will definitely give you goosebumps as it is a part of the fantasy drama Goblin.

Also Read | K-Pop Style And Fashion Tips That Every Girl Needs To Know About

This drama released back in 2017 was a moderate hit. However, the songs form this drama were a major hit. One of the ballad song was Our Tears sung by the lead actor Park Seo Jun is a fan-favourite. This beautiful ballad is a must-listen in the list.

Also Read | K-pop Star Kang Daniel's New Song Drops This Month; Sparks Excitement Among Fans

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.It turns out he wasn’t joking. Coachella has announced its official lineup for 2020, and YG Entertainment’s Big Bang, which includes members G-dragon, T.O.P, Daesung, and Taeyang, will be performing on Friday both weekends. They will also be joined by their former labelmates Epik High, who are performing at Coachella for the second time. Their entertainment labelmates Blackpink became the first women in a K-pop group to be invited to the festival in 2019.2019 was a year of unprecedented growth for K-pop — from BTS joining the ranks of artists like The Beatles with three number one albums within the same year to Blackpink becoming the first female K-pop act to headline at Coachella, the Korean pop music industry has made strides in international visibility and recognition.

The genre has been growing exponentially for good reason: the industry continues to churn out compelling, unique pop music that transcends language and borders. This year was full of excellent and genre-bending releases, but here are my top five tracks for new and curious fans.

In late February, quintet girl group ITZY broke into the K-pop scene with what might be one of the most memorable K-pop debuts in recent years. “Dalla Dalla” is representative of ITZY’s unique sound: a blend of house- and trap-laced bubblegum K-pop that takes care to never stray too far from its roots. The song opens with a pulsating house beat and contains attitude-filled rap verses that transition seamlessly into a sweetly optimistic pop chorus.

“Dalla Dalla” isn’t afraid to blend musical genres and conventions in unexpected ways, and that’s exactly what makes it such an interesting and memorable listen. With unapologetic lyrics about female empowerment and self-confidence, “Dalla Dalla” establishes ITZY as a strong newcomer to the K-pop scene.

It’s no secret that personal lyricism isn’t the first thing that comes to mind when people think of pop music. That’s what makes “Feel Special” so significant in the pop and K-pop sphere — the song’s release followed an unprecedented public announcement by JYP Entertainment that shared its support of member Mina’s struggles with mental health. The song’s lyrics, which discuss feeling supported and “special” through difficult times, have a vulnerable and honest quality that signifies a growth in the group’s musical direction.

The lyrics of “Feel Special” aren’t the only aspect of the song that represent growth for Twice. Breaking from the group’s usual bubblegum pop formula, the instrumental consists of a mature-sounding house beat, beautiful synths, and verses that showcase a myriad of different melodies. With “Feel Special,” Twice proves that you don’t have to sacrifice making meaningful music to be a successful pop group.

“Goblin” is the first solo single of late K-pop star Sulli, formerly of mega-hit girl group f(x). Co-written by the singer herself, the song and music video explores the experience of an individual with a dissociative personality disorder. This deviation from the normal pop subject matter of love and fun is also reflected in the unique instrumentation of the song, which consists of a dreamy xylophone melody and harmonicas that ring in its upbeat chorus. There’s simply no other K-pop song quite like it: its haunting instrumentation, melancholy and serious subject matter, and despite everything, the hopeful melody that persists.

This is perhaps the most honest and vulnerable we’ve ever seen Sulli. Without the perfectly styled hair and makeup and filtered lyricism of her f(x) days, we can see her as she really is: a young woman, uncertain but authentically herself nonetheless. “Goblin” is one of the most beautiful and unique K-pop songs of 2019, and one that carries with it an especially important cautionary message about mental health and compassion.
• Oh My Girl – The fifth season (다섯 번째 계절) (SSFWL)

Oh My Girl’s “The fifth season” is a faithful reinterpretation of the group’s ubiquitous fairytale concept in all of the best ways possible. The song is a master of pacing: it opens with a subdued synth instrumental backed by delicate vocals, gradually introducing instrumentation that builds to the grand flourishes of the chorus. Graceful, lilting orchestral background instrumentation and background vocals add to the magical quality of the song, leading to the ultimate pay-off through the seamless tempo change in the chorus.

It’s clear why “The fifth season” propelled this veteran girl group back into the spotlight and became their most successful album in years. Equally fantastical, delicate, and yet grounded in pop sensibilities, “The fifth season” is an absolutely wonderful journey of a song that showcases just how diverse and compelling K-pop can be.

It’s no contest that the best K-pop song of 2019 was Apink’s incredibly immersive “Eung Eung.” The group is a familiar name in the K-pop scene, with a career that spans eight years and countless awards and honors. “Eung Eung,” however, is significant in that it marks a departure from the group’s prior girlish and innocent concept. It’s difficult to exactly articulate the mood that this song encapsulates — melancholy and dark, yet upbeat and unabashedly pop, “Eung Eung” is perhaps most notable for its creation of an immersive, atmospheric world for listeners.

Its expertly layered 80s-inspired dance instrumental is filled with sonic details that reveal themselves with every new listen, from dreamy female background vocals to the infectious synth arpeggio that serves as the base of the song. “Eung Eung” is an incredibly ambitious and compelling addition to Apink’s strong discography — one that promises that the group is here to stay.Festival co-founder Nikhil Chinapa’s recent tweets indicate we might be getting yet another K-pop act making their India debut

We’re just 14 days into 2020 and things already seem to be getting bigger and better for Indian K-pop fans. Late last night, Vh1 Supersonic co-founder Nikhil Chinapa took to Twitter to drop a few hints about the music festival’s lineup and it looks like we might be getting a K-pop act performing there this year.

“We’re bringing in a #KPop band for the first time at our festival,” revealed Chinapa via his Twitter account, adding, “No, it’s not @bts_bighit (sorry @BTS_ARMY) but I’m hoping India will show Kpop and our little K-pop step at @Vh1Supersonic, some love.” Chinapa further went on to explain that he’s been thinking about doing this since he and his wife, DJ Pearl, visited Seoul a few years ago. “We were blown away by the culture and how nice everyone in Korea is,” he said in a second tweet. “Since then, I’ve wanted to program a #KPop band/group at @Vh1Supersonic and we’ve taken a small step toward that this year.”

K-pop has seen a massive boom over the past couple of years in India, with 2019 recording the highest number of Korean artists making their debuts in the country–groups like KARD, IN2IT, VAV and MustB, plus soloists AleXa and LiveYubin visited for the first time, while rookie boy group Mont came back to perform for a second time, extending their tour. As the biggest, most diverse music festival in India, Vh1 Supersonic has a reputation of a wide range of artists make their debuts in India and is an ideal platform to introduce new audiences in the country to the genre. The only Indian music festival to feature K-pop artists on the lineup is Hornbill in Nagaland in the North East with Mont.

As to the identity of the artists, after Chinapa confirmed it would not be mega stars BTS (the group with the largest following in the country), fans have been making various guesses. The lineup should drop via Vh1 Supersonic’s social media accounts over the next few days. On his Twitter thread about the subject, Chinapa did clarify that he doesn’t want to set K-pop fans’ expectations too high, but hopes this can be the start of something big. “We’ve always tried to think ahead and introduce new sounds to our audiences at @Vh1Supersonic . I don’t want to set expectations of #KPop fans too high because we haven’t gone “all-in” with the genre as yet. But we’ve opened a door ..so let’s see what happens next.”

Stay tuned to know more.Via Off The Wall / EMIKorean-American singer and dancer Alex Christine aka AleXa made her much-anticipated debut in October with the single “Bomb.” AleXa is the first artist to debut under South Korean video production company ZanyBros‘ subsidiary ZB Label, so the company started strong with a dark, futuristic concept-the 22-year-old pop star is portrayed as a powerful cyborg, gearing up to take over the world in the wake of an apocalypse. In December the singer dropped a rock version of “Bomb” in collaboration with Korean metallers DIABLO. AleXa is confident, bold and very different from most solo female artists currently in the K-pop industry.

Complete in X aka CIX are a five member boy group which formed under C9 Entertainment. The quintet consists of leader and rapper BX and vocalists Seunghun, Yonghee, Hyunsuk and Bae Jinyoung (formerly of popular boy group Wanna One.) CIX debuted in July with the sleek and sexy dark pop “Movie Star” from the EP Hello Chapter 1: Hello, Stranger and presented a maturity and elegance that’s rarely seen from rookie groups. In November, the quintet dropped a second EP titled Hello Chapter 2: Hello, Strange Place and the lead single “Numb” criticized the pressure society puts on students to succeed in academics and the impact that pressure has on young peoples’ mental health. The group have also been particularly lauded for their in-sync choreography.

“Money” marked a rebirth of sorts for Kim Hyojong. After being booted out of the K-pop group Pentagon and his previous label Cube Entertainment due to his relationship with pop star HyunA in 2018, the rapper signed with “Gangnam Style” hitmaker PSY’s label P Nation and announced that he would be making a second debut in 2019. He dropped his old stage name E’DAWN and took on the moniker of ‘DAWN,’ marking a brand new era as a solo artist. “Money” showcased DAWN’s impeccable songwriting skills as he pondered the meaning of life, and the hold money and earthly possessions have over us as human beings. The entire release was a way for DAWN to break free as the artist he was meant to be–a badass with complete creative control (he’s also a co-producer on the track with PSY)–and made us look forward to what he’s got in the works for 2020.

This six-member group made an impact with the funk-infused dance track “Valkyrie” as their debut, blowing audiences away with their sharp footwork, versatile vocals and confidence. “Valkyrie” was part of ONEUS’ debut EP Light Up, which delivered an impressive total of seven tightly produced tracks. Over the year, the sextet followed the release with two more EP’s, Raise Us and Fly With Us, each one more complex than its predecessor, with the members contributing to the lyricism and production. ONEUS’ absolute highlight release of the year however was their vibrant single “Lit” which paid tribute to the group’s Korean heritage with the use of traditional instruments in the track and cultural symbolism (traditional colors like red and gold, modern hanbok clothing, Korean architecture and dragons) in the music video.

EVERGLOW burst into the K-pop scene in March 2019 with the infectious synth-trap single “Bon Bon Chocolat” from their debut EP The Arrival of Everglow. The single quickly went viral thanks to its outrageously catchy bass-heavy drop and stylish choreography. The group seem to have a penchant for punchy electronica with powerful bass drops, both of which are key features in their anthemic follow-up release “Adios” from their second EP Hush which dropped in August. “Adios” propelled the group to wider audiences worldwide, sitting at an impressive 83 million views by the end of the year. The six members further cemented their status as rookies to watch out for with their first music program broadcast win on The Show with “Adios” in September.

When BigHit Entertainment announced that they would be debuted a brand new boy group, the world held its breath; an understandable reaction, since said group would be BigHit’s second offering since they delivered K-pop titans BTS. There was no need to worry however; Tomorrow X Together, better known as TXT, broke into the industry with a fresh burst of color via the bright pop single “Crown.” Their debut EP The Dream Chapter: Star was a mix of playful hip-hop, crunchy pop and just the right amount of attitude. The five-member group’s artistry focuses on the brighter elements of youth and growing up, and delivers a different take on the subject than the debut of their brother group–a decision that has paid off immensely to help this monster rookie form their own identity. Their second EP The Dream Chapter: Magic which dropped in November, went deeper into themes of youth and saw the members contribute in the songwriting. The album blends Eighties synth pop, rock and hip-hop and is undoubtedly one of the best pop records of the year. TXT swept several awards at the end of 2019, including ‘Best New Male Artist’ at the Genie Music Awards, ‘Rookie of the Year’ at the Melon Music Awards and ‘Best New Male Artist’ at the Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA.)

When JYP Entertainment’s much-awaited new girl group ITZY made their debut in February 2019, they took the K-pop world by storm and rose to the top almost overnight. As the first girl-group to emerge from the company since best-selling artists Twice, audiences and critics were eager to see what direction JYPE would take with ITZY’s concept and whether or not they would have any similarities with their sister group. The quintet’s debut single “Dalla Dalla,” however, stayed away from Twice’s brand of glittery pop to take a more high-energy EDM-trap anthem route, while its accompanying music video was a whirlwind of sleek glamour, trippy color and power-packed choreography. The video hit 17.1 million views within 24 hours of its release on YouTube and broke the record for the most viewed K-pop debut music video within 24 hours (it currently sits at over 168 million views.) The group’s follow-up single “Icy”, which dropped in July 2019, continued to showcase ITZY’s signature high-energy, trippy EDM vibe. At the end of 2019, ITZY won multiple ‘Best New Female Artist’ awards, including those at the Melon Music Awards and at MAMA.

After ex-Wanna One members Daewhi and Woojin announced they would be re-debuting under a newly-formed group, expectations were high. Wanna One’s immense global success meant a lot more eyes on AB6IX’s debut, but the quintet remained the picture of elegance and confidence despite the pressure. They dropped their first single titled “Breathe” in May 2019, delighting audiences with its bright deep house and seductive choreography and impressing critics with its tight production. The track was the lead single off the group’s first EP B Complete and saw Woojin and Daewhi take part in the songwriting and production process. In October, AB6IX became one of the few rookies to release a full length studio album in 2019–titled 6ixense, the 12-track LP is a self-produced treasure trove of hip-hop, tropical house, ballads and deep house. The group won several awards at various end-of-year award shows for their work, including ‘Rookie of the Year’ at the Asia Artist Awards and ‘Next Generation Star’ at the Genie Music Awards.

1TEAM were a breath of fresh air in 2019, presenting a chill-hop trap sound and playful, pastel aesthetic on their debut single “Vibe.” The track was part of the quintet’s three-track debut EP Hello which featured confident self-produced blends of trap, hip-hop, jazz and R&B. Over the course of 2019, 1TEAM showed off their incredible versatility– their second EP Just (July 2019) featured more experimentation with synthwave and tropical hip-hop, while their third EP One (November 2019) explored elegant future bass and deep house. The lead single “Make This” from One was a drastic change from 1TEAM’s previous colorful and chill aesthetic and saw the group take on darker, elegant avatars in a sleek, futuristic, neon-drenched music video.

3YE (pronounced ‘third eye’) debuted in March 2019 year with the single “DMT (Do Ma Thang)”, serving a big dose of attitude and a gritty hip-hop concept. The trio immediately stood out from most K-pop girl groups, going for a rap-heavy concept that channeled energy reminiscent of some of the leading second generation girl groups of K-pop like 2NE1 or 4MINUTE. 3YE blew up even further in September when they dropped the synth-trap hip-hop single “OOMM(Out Of My Mind)” which featured an infectious, breathy dark pop chorus and more hip-hop based choreography. It will be interesting to see if they’ll continue with their grungy, hip-hop image in 2020 as well.Although Psy’s “Gangnam Style” went viral in 2012, with covers and parody videos flooding YouTube, it’s only in the past couple of years that K-pop has been widely perceived to have broken into the cultural mainstream in the US and the rest of the (non-Asian) world. The reason? In short: BTS.

Big Hit Entertainment’s boy group have leapt from relative obscurity in the English-speaking world to appearing at major international music awards and on late-night TV shows in the US, while topping the Billboard 200 as well as Hot 100 charts across a host of genres in the past year. The group’s success has filtered down to other acts and led to K-pop being discussed as an unstoppable, brand-new musical — even cultural — phenomenon in some English language media.

But what about in China? The genre has actually been a huge (though largely hidden) part of pop culture here since the 1990s. And as a part of “Hallyu” — the “Korean Wave” of exported pop culture — K-pop has long enjoyed widespread popularity in mainland China. Yet the growth of K-pop in China has not been without complications and the perceived influence of Korea on Chinese youth has sparked frequent frictions.

You might also like:

From MTV to J-pop to K-pop

Back in the 1980s, South Korean record producer and music executive Lee Soo-man grasped the future of “seeing music” when MTV launched in New York. Learning from Japanese talent agency Johnny & Associates‘ idol-group-making model, Lee went back to Seoul and founded S.M. Studio in 1989, which is now known as S.M. Entertainment, an undisputed K-pop star-making giant.

S.M.’s first boy idol bands, H.O.T (1996) and Shinhwa (1998), as well as the first girl group, S.E.S (1997) were frequent subjects of Modern Music Scene, an early mainland Chinese music and entertainment magazine. This was how many Chinese millennials — this author included — were first exposed to K-pop. Yang Bo, a 31-year-old Beijinger working in HR, shares a similar experience: “I saw H.O.T and all those K-pop groups’ music videos on Channel [V] back in the ‘90s and 2000s,” she tells RADII. “Then I went to the music shop near my middle school to find new albums every week.”

Krystal, 27, who works in mobile advertising, grew up in a small town in rural Sichuan province, but K-pop’s reach was wide enough to find her there. “I was a big fan of TVXQ,” she says of another hit S.M.Entertainment boy group that debuted in 2003. “But back then there was not much we could do as fans in a small town in Sichuan. My friends and I could only find pirated albums, buy some magazines… and I know someone who wrote letters to the idols.”

When H.O.T held their first concert in Beijing in 2000 — still their only performance in mainland China to date — even people who were not fans became aware of the hype thanks to enthusiastic throngs of teenagers in the capital. In addition to the music, H.O.T and the groups that would follow in their footsteps attracted a huge fan-base through other key elements of the K-pop package, their street-dance-like stage performance and their “Visual-kei” fashion style.

As this was happening, a few ambitious Chinese kids were preparing to take the next step: traveling to Korea to be trained within the K-pop idol-making system.

Before he started building his K-pop empire, Lee Soo-man surveyed his target audience — teenagers — on their ideal idol. The answer he got was simple and clear: “exceptionally good-looking members who can sing and dance,” according to a report from moonROK. This therefore became the foundational requirement for all future idols. Success as a K-pop star requires talent, hard work, and probably some subtle plastic surgery.

One of the first Chinese trainees in the Korean idol-making system, who prefers to remain anonymous, tells RADII: “Everyone had to take vocal and dance training for the first few years. I went to Korean language class, too. Then we had individual training based on each person’s strengths and interests.” This trainee was scouted in 2004, when he was singing in his middle school’s choir. He dropped out of school, flew to Seoul, and received training under a major entertainment company for eight years.

Korea’s entertainment giants — mainly the “big three” of S.M., YG, and JYP — employ not only managers, agents, design coordinators, image consultants, marketing executives, and dance, vocal and acting instructors, but also lyricists, songwriters and arrangers, recording engineers, and choreographers to ensure that everything the idols present is original and fresh.

“They may design a persona for the trainee before [his or her] debut, but they never encourage individual personality,” the early Chinese K-pop trainee tells me. “Instead, they emphasize the group as a whole. Koreans have a strict sense of hierarchy. Someone used to shout at me, asking me to kneel down to the older Korean trainees, to show respect.”

Verbal and even physical abuse have long been criticized as the dark side of the K-pop idol-training system. Crazy Grace, a YouTuber and solo artist who was part of a popular girl group, has said in her videos that agents and managers would frequently check trainees’ phones, monitor girls’ weight, and forbid young trainees from exchanging anything more than a casual greeting with members of the opposite sex.

Outside of the training system, K-pop has also courted controversy in China as it’s risen in popularity, even as more and more Chinese faces have appeared in group lineups.

As early as 2001, rapper MC Hotdog criticized the K-pop craze in Taiwan with a famous track called “Hallyu Invasion,” in which he boldly expresses his dissatisfaction with how easily “Korean singers make money in Taiwan.” Hotdog’s Mandarin raps have long carried significance in mainland China. “Hallyu Invasion” might be considered the beginning of an intense and uneasy relationship between “main rappers” in K-pop groups — that is, the member who handles the “rap parts” of the group’s songs — and underground rappers, a beef that continues to simmer in both Chinese and Korean hip hop music scenes to this day.

The most white-hot conflict regarding K-pop idol groups was triggered in Shanghai during the Expo 2010, when thousands of fans of Super Junior (an S.M. boy group starring the first Chinese idol, Han Geng), along with fans of former H.O.T member Kang Ta, gathered to form long lines for live concert tickets, a scene that ended in physical aggression (and numerous injuries) against the armed forces.

K-pop fans and their idols were subsequently targeted by furious Chinese netizens, mostly nationalists, and on June 9, 2010, a so-called “Holy War” began. Starting with World of Warcraft gamers posting on search engine Baidu’s message board, later tens of thousands of users broke into Super Junior fan boards, crashing them with millions of anti-idol comments and posts. On the same day, solo hackers and “Honker Union” members hacked Super Junior’s official website and social media accounts in China and in Korea.

This phenomenon would recur from time to time: over the following years, online fandom platforms for BigBang’s G-Dragon and the group EXO were attacked by hardcore football fans several times as well.

These conflicts between divided netizens haven’t changed much over the following years. K-pop fandom in China has consistently grown along with the overall Chinese market, and more Mandarin-language sub-units of major Korean groups have emerged, with more Chinese members getting in on the action. Super Junior-M and EXO-M (the “M” stands for Mandarin), for instance, minted the superstars Han Geng, Kris Wu, Lay Zhang and Lu Han, who still generate huge traffic across the Chinese entertainment industry today.

Nationalist netizens and teen superfans have their K-pop stories; the Chinese government has a different one.

After South Korea and the United States jointly announced the deployment of THAAD (Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense) in 2016, China opposed the alliance with “informal sanctions” on South Korea’s economy and culture. Although there was never an official “Hallyu Ban,” only a few Korean pop stars have been allowed to perform in China since.

“It’s heartbreaking,” says Krystal, the K-pop fan from rural Sichuan, who started following BTS at the end of 2014. “Chinese fans’ biggest wish is to watch their idols’ concerts in mainland China.” Since BTS’s 2016 concert in Beijing, she has never been able to see them perform again. Beijinger Yang Bo has also been unable to see her favorite, YG Entertainment’s Big Bang, since 2016.

But absence makes the heart grow fonder, and many Chinese K-pop lovers will unconditionally spend their last cent for their idols. To understand K-pop’s popularity in China, it is essential to understand how deeply its fans have involved themselves in idol-making culture, and the incredible economics that backstop the entire industry.

Physical albums may largely be history in the era of digital music, but not for K-pop, an industry that stretches the meaning of the word. A K-pop “album” can mean a mini-album, an EP, a full-length, or a repackage of older material. It can be a group album, or special versions for each group member with different photo-cards inside (not to mention different units within bigger groups). The same goes for concert DVDs. If you are a fan of the whole group, then buying one album to support is enough. But if you have a “bias” within the group, then you probably need to buy additional copies of the album to collect individualized versions, or even all different versions if you’re a superfan.

As a “VIP” — the official title for Big Bang fans — it’s more convenient for Beijinger Yang to join an online fan club, where a club rep buys albums from Korea for all Chinese fans in the group. “I’ve bought every single album, including the DVDs. Then the digital copyrights were imported,” Yang says.

“Some core fans would buy dozens of the same album to boost the sales,” Krystal adds.

But the most exciting and memorable event for any fan is always the live concert, where fans get to see their idols in person. This is also the busiest time for fan clubs.

In a previous report on RADII, we explored how fan clubs can operate like professional companies. Organized into different “departments” within the group, a fan club member’s responsibilities for showing their idol love can include: scrambling to buy tickets before they sell out (usually within minutes); ordering official light sticks with the band’s official colors and shapes (like Big Bang’s crown-shaped yellow light sticks); collecting support banners from different fan clubs at the stadium; and memorizing an official fan chant (certain parts for fans to chant together at musical interludes). There are even tutorial videos for the fan chant and dance covers that group members can find online to prepare.

If one can’t make it to a live show, there are other ways to interact with idols offline.

Krystal from Sichuan lists some of the different kinds of events for fans to meet their idols: “Besides concerts, there also are CD-signing events, which are the most difficult to get into, as well as fan meetings, handshake meetups, and high-five meetups.”

Some hardcore Chinese fans just fly to Korea to see K-pop stars in concert, and a few even find jobs and settle down in Seoul to follow their idols more closely. But most Chinese fans concentrate their energy on the ceaseless parade of opportunities to support (and do battle for) their idols online.

The most direct way to do this is to watch idols’ livestreaming videos on the app V Live, where fans can access paid membership perks and exclusive content, including special video clips of certain members or mini-variety shows. The entertainment agencies behind this programming also produce all kinds of reality shows to present every aspect of the idols’ life and work. A sub-genre of “pre-debut” shows even allows fans to follow trainees before they actually become idols.

The most time-consuming — yet crucial — element for fans to make their idol group stand out from the crowd is voting. Music Network’s M Countdown, KBS’s Music Bank, MBC’s Show Champion, and SBS MTV’s The Show are major weekly music programs, and battlefields for fans to vote up their favorites. The criteria for each show to decide the top 10-50 acts of the week vary slightly, but they are all based on combining data from the artists’ digital sales, physical sales, social media stats, netizen rankings, and streaming numbers.

Big annual music awards like Mnet Asian Music Awards, Golden Disk Awards, and Melon Music Awards also factor the fans into the process of selecting the “Daesang” (Grand Prize or Artist of the Year) title.

There’s really a lot of work involved with being a proper K-pop fan. Buying digital and physical albums, and voting in real-time while the groups perform live on TV, are merely basic requirements. Fans often have parallel accounts on streaming platforms like Melon, Mnet, Genie, and YouTube in order to stream the music and videos day in, day out, to aggregate streaming data and to make their idol an “All-Kill” — a phrase that describes when a specific artist or song is #1 on all Korean charts simultaneously.

As many of these streaming services are blocked within China, Chinese fans must surmount the additional barrier of using VPN software to receive updates and join in the fight. Streaming accounts can also be found for rent on Taobao, the major Chinese ecommerce platform. Fan clubs offer detailed tutorials for every single step of the upvoting process. This process turned some heads last November when former EXO member Kris Wu dropped his latest album, and jumped ahead of Ariana Grande on the Apple Music chart with the help (and multiple registered accounts) of EXO fans:

Inter-fan-group wars on social media can be especially cruel, because different groups’ method of or reasons for showing their loyalty can differ wildly. There are group fans, individual member fans, fans of different imaginary “couple” members from a group, fans of being an imaginary “girlfriend” of the group members, fans of being an imaginary “mom” of the group members, and so on. On top of defending attacks from outside the K-pop community, stans of different groups or different members within the world of K-pop can be sworn enemies. “Sasaeng” fans, almost equivalent to stalkers, are the common enemy to every type of fan.

Take EXO, for example: after they welcomed President Trump and Ivanka Trump at the Blue House with a signed album, and Ivanka expressed how her daughters love EXO, a war was triggered on Weibo. Who is the most popular K-pop boy band? Who should represent K-pop around the globe? EXO-Ls (EXO fans) and ARMYs (BTS fans) exchanged constant arguments about these issues.

“I received notice from an ARMY WeChat group calling on fans to support on Weibo that time,” BTS fan Krystal says. “Generally speaking, comment control is also important. Some anti-fans will search something bad about BTS members on Weibo to make the auto-complete search results look bad, so fans have to search more about something good about the idols to make it right.”

It seems that K-pop fans would do anything for their idols. But what do they expect in return? What part of K-pop is so appealing to demand this level of support?

On top of “girlfriend fans” and “mom fans,” who might get a kick out of the role-playing aspect of their fandom, there are many more rational fans, like my interviewees.

Krystal has recently experienced a change of mindset. “I used to see the idols as my ideal boyfriend type when I was a teenager, but now I just feel speechless when I see young girls being surprised about their idols doing this or that. I mean, what you see is just their public persona. No need to be so serious. Following K-pop is more like a hobby that I’m used to, or just a lifestyle to me now.” She also jokes, “BTS is so popular now that I’ve almost given up following them.”

“K-pop is more diverse and higher-quality, and has developed longer compared to Chinese [pop] music,” says Big Bang fan Yang. “The idols are trained to be multi-talented in their performance [singing, dancing, etc], and to be celebrities, to meet the market need… You can see that they’ve invested a lot in the costumes, the style, the stage, the production of every aspect of their appearance.”

No matter how K-pop’s story will play out in mainland China in the future, its global journey has just begun, with millions more fans flocking in from different parts of the world.

And Chinese fans will always be a part of it.Is it the multi-colored hair? Is it the earrings? Or is it that some may see the stars of Kpop boy band BTS to be quite far removed from what some accept to be true masculine ideals?

Whatever the reason (they were very vague about it), a non-profit organization named Advocacy Institution for Strategic Assessment of Indonesia (Laksi) recently mobilized a legion of BTS fans — who aptly call themselves ARMY — online for demanding that Indonesian e-commerce giant Tokopedia pull its ad featuring the Kpop superstars for “promoting LGBT values.”

In a statement, Laksi accused the ad of “campaigning for foreign cultures that are at odds with Pancasila, which highly promotes morals.”

Who knew that dancing and saying “shop at Tokopedia” were so immoral?

At any rate, ARMYs in Indonesia were livid upon hearing the news, as many have taken to the internet since yesterday to round up fellow fans and plan retribution against Laksi.

Though BTS are not known to be explicitly pro-LGBT, some fans pointed out that the band should be appreciated, not vilified, for promoting inclusivity and self-appreciation in their music and public campaigns.

It’s not yet known if Indonesia’s ARMYs will go through with filing a defamation report against Laksi, as many online have suggested they would.

The Indonesian Broadcasting Commission (KPI), which has the authority to remove content from broadcast, has yet to issue a statement on Laksi’s complaint.

As an organization, Laksi is not particularly well known in Indonesia. An article by CNN Indonesia published today noted that the group made headlines in 2015 for allegedly receiving kickbacks from a bribery case within the Energy and Mineral Resources Ministry (ESDM).

Related — With luv to Indonesia: Popular K-pop boyband BTS named Tokopedia’s brand new ambassador

It’s like OnlyFans for your Coconuts. Become a COCO+ Member today for as little as US$5 per year and support the stories we tell from across Southeast Asia and Hong Kong.All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.

While in New York City for the first stop on the American leg of their District 9: Unlock Tour, K-pop group Stray Kids stopped by the Allure office to share some quick tidbits about their beauty routines for an "Ask Allure" segment on our Instagram Story.

Spoiler: Members Han and Felix broke down every single step of their nighttime skin-care routines. (You'll have to stay tuned for what Bang Chan, Changbin, I.N, Lee Know, Hyunjin, and Seungmin revealed.)

Before I get into their steps, I'll note the boys couldn't get specific about the exact products they use. Like the majority of K-pop stars I interview, they can't share product names as they don't want to lose out on future endorsement deals. It's a whole thing.

All that aside, Han prefaces the list of what he uses on a nightly basis: "My skin-care routine is fast," he says. First, he washes his face. “I take my lotion and put it on my face," he explains. And lastly, he gets a good night's sleep. That's it.

Felix notes how simple Han is in his approach to skin care before launching into his own much-more-involved routine. Felix kicks off his regimen with double cleansing, starting with an oil cleanser to dissolve his makeup. Then, Felix washes it off with warm water and follows with a cleansing foam. Nothing out of the ordinary here. Double cleansing is the best possible way to remove makeup, so I respect that he takes all the right steps. The Then I Met You Cleansing Duo is my personal go-to for this part of my routine.

After he rinses the cleansing foam with warm water, things get complex. If I had more time with Stray Kids, I would ask Felix for more information about each of the following steps. Here's what he did share in a minute, though: "I put on three kinds of creams."The first Protest Against Femicide was successfully held in Seoul, South Korea on DECEMBER 28, 2019. Over 2,000 individual women gathered to take a stand against femicide and violence against women. It was the very first protest that defined the term femicide held in South Korea as well as in all of Asia.

The protest against femicide was sparked by the recent suicides of famous K-pop stars Sulli and Goo Hara; the suicides were induced by misogyny and patriarchy, and were in fact patriarchal murders. Constant online sexual harassment and cyber-bullying tormented Sulli for not wearing a bra in public and dating a male celebrity. Appalling comments continue online even after her suicide. Choi Jongbum, Goo’s then ex-boyfriend, physically assaulted and threatened Goo with a sex tape he had recorded without her knowing. The trial is still in process; in the first trial, he was only sentenced with 18 months of jail time and three years of probation period, which he responded by filing an appeal. He was only found guilty for the charges against assault, blackmail and property damage, and was found not guilty for the charge against sexual assault. Sulli and Goo had fame and money; but as South Korean women, they were made victims of sexual harassment, illegal filming and distribution, and in the end, femicide.

The protest against femicide had two parts; the first part began with rants and chants; the second part was consisted of different performances. The participants wore white masks and held up their hands painted with red paint – symbolizing endless number of lost women and their blood. One participant sang a song “A New Life” from the musical “Jekyll and Hyde,” a song sung by a femicide victim Lucy. For the last third performance, one participant read the manifesto while the rest participants held up their red-painted hands and signs with numbers that represented the number of victims per different femicide crime. The participants also dressed in black to mourn all women murdered and killed.

Also read: Why We Need To Rethink Our ‘Criticism’ Of BTS And K-Pop

Over 360,000 women have already gathered in 2018 in South Korea to demand feasible protection and countermeasures against the epidemic of illegal filming. In return, the government cut the entire budget of 2.6 billion Korean Won – approximately 2,200,000 USD – that was proposed to delete illegally filmed footage distributed online. The government and the media also reduce the current situation with Sulli and Goo to another case with cyber-bullying and intimate partner violence; they do not address or recognize that the crimes were heavily due to misogyny and lack of both legal and social protection for women.

Also read: How K-Pop Perpetuates Double Standards For Men And Women

The participants of the protest against femicide denounced the government and the society for ultimately encouraging violence against women by deliberately choosing to ignore issues regarding rampant crimes against women. They hope to ensure their basic human rights, as guaranteed by the constitution, and to live. The second protest is to be scheduled.

You can find the organisation on Instagram and Twitter.HBO Max Adapting K-Pop YA Novel 'I’ll Be the One' With Nahnatchka Khan to Produce

Khan is also eyeing the project to direct.

The upcoming YA novel I'll Be the One is being developed as a feature by HBO Max, with Nahnatchka Khan set to produce with an eye to direct.

The soon-to-be-launched streamer won a five-studio bidding war for the rights.

Author Lyla Lee’s wrote the novel that follows 16-year-old Skye Shin — a bisexual Korean-American girl — as she pursues her dreams as a participant on the reality TV singing and dancing competition K-Pop Shining Star. With the help of her new friends and her crush, world-famous model Henry Cho, Skye faces the industry’s old-fashioned beauty standards head on, setting her sights on becoming a K-pop star — one the world has never seen before.

Emmy-nominated writer Colleen McGuinness (Ramy, 30 Rock) will adapt the novel, which is set to be published this summer by Katherine Tegen Books (HarperCollins) in North America.

The project hails from Anonymous Content, where Kevin Cotter and Aevitas Creative's Allison Warren brought the project under Aevitas’ first-look deal there.

Anonymous partner Joy Gorman Wettels is set to produce, along with Kahn and her Fierce Baby Productions head of film Chloe Yellin. Aevitas's Todd Shuster and Penny Moore will also produce and executive produce, respectively.

I'll Be the One join a feature film slate at HBO Max that includes an adaptation of UNpregnant, starring Five Feet Apart star Haley Lu Richardson and Euphoria breakout Barbie Ferreira.Which Red Velvet single will you pick?If the teams in the Overwatch League would all have walkout songs but they are all K-pop songs – what would they be and why? What group would be the one opening the matches for the teams? Some fans of the League also listen to K-pop music, this is for the ones that have a love and passion for both. There is a fair amount of K-pop idols that also play Overwatch in their free time. Let’s see what happens when we cross both worlds: Overwatch League walkout songs: K-pop edition.

Like the title of the song says, it’s sweet chaos. The Mayhem is here to kick some bum and stir the pot. They will bring chaos within the League and prove to the others what they can do. With the new additions to the team, they will go and do what they do best.

While Seoul Dynasty already has a walkout song, by pH-1, iKON’s Killing Me is a fitting song for the Dynasty fans. While Ryu ”Ryujehong” Jehong left the team, many fans followed him to his new team, the Vancouver Titans, leaving the Dynasty in the hands of Yang ”Tobi” Jinmo.

The song Wings talks about spreading your wings and flying high up in the sky. While the Spitfire soared high in the first season of the Overwatch League, they plummeted in the second Season, almost to the ground. For the third season, they will fly back up again and once more rule the skies.

This song was picked because of the team’s hashtag ‘bang.’ Just like how the fans of the Spark use ‘bang’ to hype up their team, so does the song as it hypes up audiences.

When thinking of the Charge, two things can come to mind. Either charging forward into battle or charge as in electric charging. The song has an upbeat tempo and makes the audience ready and charged to cheer for their team.

The alligator is a hunting predator; they wait until their prey is within reaching distance and then they attack, ultimately killing their enemy. The Chengdu Hunters wait for the enemy to come close enough to attack thus winning team fights and in the end also the match.

The catchphrase of the Paris Eternal is Fiat Lux, meaning “let there be light”. The song itself is a bright song, talking about the love of one person to the other, telling them that they will shine for them, but most of all, the Eternal, will shine together with their fans.

As the LA Valiant fans say ‘Wings Out’, this song talks about flying. Together with their fans, they can fly, the fans lift them up and cheer them on no matter what.

The Gladiators and their fans form a strong frontline. Together, they have the power to storm through the opponent and take the win. The song talks about becoming stronger together. The Gladiators have proved over the last season that they value their fans a lot.

Everyone knows that the Dragons went 42-0 before they won their first match 3:1 against the Uprising in the Second Season of the OWL. Against all expectations, they even won the Stage 3 championship against the San Francisco Shock. The song is about proving the haters and naysayers wrong, just like the Shanghai Dragons did.

A Titan is a big and mighty creature. It won’t stop for anyone, making it a dangerous thing to deal with. The song warns people to stop and watch out, while the titan doesn’t listen to anyone and goes straight towards its goal.

Much like the song describes, New York is the city that never sleeps. The NYXL will fight through it all and will not stop for anyone. The song fits with the name of the team and its passion to go on!

When thinking of the Shock, it might even give the audience a shock! They have done some amazing plays and made some amazing comebacks from matches everyone else thought they already lost. While watching the Shock pop off, the heart rate of their fans might go up, so please don’t forget to breathe in and out, breathe in and out and out.

Fuel is something that can be used to start a fire. Matching the hashtag for the team ‘Burn Blue’, this song is real fire! The Dallas Fuel would leave a path of burning blue fire everywhere they catch a win.

Thinking of the Outlaws, one would think of cowboys, the Houston Outlaws are a group of six on stage. They always have their enemies at gunpoint and aim for victory.

The word ‘defiant’ means to disobey, to be provocative or to be rebellious. It was revealed that the name “Defiant” was chosen to “represent the strength, character and resiliency of Toronto”. The team seemed to have not many fans, maybe even haters. Yet they shone through and build up a strong resielent team and fanbase.

The name Uprising came from Boston’s forefathers and their legacy in the Revolution who made the foundation of the city. The song does fit well with the Uprising, as they rise up to to the top.

Rainsism starts off with the sentence, ‘I’m gonna be a bad boy’. This perhaps references some of the statements and actions of Dusttin “Dogman” Bowerman… But most of all the team showed they indeed were bad boys, getting the enemy when they least expected them to.

Fusion meaning people or things coming together creating new things, one union. The song combines traditional Korean instruments, sounds and clothing with the beat of modern music. It unites different elements and makes them into something new. The Philly Fusion took players from around the world and united them to make the Philadelphia Fusion.

Washington Justice: SNSD – Into the New World

If there is injustice in South Korea, it is common for people to sing this song at demonstrations to support the ones who are protesting against the injustice.

 “Justice is a universal value and the perfect name for a franchise that we hope will inspire and unite both our Washington area community and fans around the globe”, said owner Mark Ein.

Follow daekukii on Twitter: @daekukii or send them a DM on Discord (daekukii#7921), come to talk to them!

 They also post HQ gifs of Overwatch matches and memes on @bananakuki_ow. #BringTheMayhem #LightItUp

Follow us on Twitter: TGH Esports and Facebook: The Game Haus for more sports and esports coverage.Lee Soo-man, founder and chief producer of S.M. Entertainment, one of the big three agencies in the K-pop world, said Tuesday that he sees no fault in artist management and that online hate speech is to blame for suicides and increasing cases of K-pop stars suffering from anxiety disorders. 





“There is no fault in the system. I take pride in (our artist management) system … we are possibly No. 1 worldwide. We think a lot about the education and character (of artists),” Lee said at a seminar in central Seoul on K-pop and innovation.“Once again, before criticizing our system, the public, parents and teachers should tell (children) not to download illegal content. It would be appreciated if parents asked their children nicely not to write hateful comments online.”His comments follow a series of suicides by K-pop artists, which have raised alarm bells in a country that takes pride in its growing cultural clout throughout the world.Singer-actor Sulli, who was a member of S.M.’s five-piece girl group f(x), died in October in one of the highest-profile cases last year. A month later, her friend and singer Goo Hara also died by suicide.Some critics have called the K-pop industry inhumane, citing the grueling “boot camp” regimen that aspiring singers undergo at young ages, as well as the strict management of artists’ private lives, which includes prohibitions on romantic relationships.S.M. Entertainment is one of South Korea’s top three K-pop labels. It has produced and managed K-pop boy bands SHINee and EXO and girl band Red Velvet, among other artists.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425@heraldcorp.comFame has come nearly 30 years late for Yang Joon-il, who had dreamed of becoming a K-pop star since he was young.

In a twist of fate, the 50-year-old Korean-American has made a legendary comeback to the K-pop scene after being forced to leave South Korea for being too different, but finds himself now hailed as an icon of inspiration.JYP Entertainment, one of the leading companies in the K-pop industry, has reportedly sought a restraining order and filed criminal charges against a man supposedly stalking Im Nayeon of the girl group Twice.

In a statement translated and published by Korean entertainment news site Soompi, JYP Entertainment said it filed criminal complaints to the Seoul Gangnam Police Station against a man stalking Twice vocalist Nayeon.

The company, which manages Twice, also sought a restraining order from the Seoul Central District Court.

"Previously, the stalker who attempted to approach Nayeon continuously was warned under police order several times already to not approach her. However, the stalker continuously took actions that ignored [the warnings]," said JYP Entertainment.

Last week, Nayeon was placed under police protection after the stalker, identified in other reports as a German man, attempted to approach her while they were on board a plane from Japan to South Korea.

JYP Entertainment earlier said Nayeon experienced "discomfort and anxiety" due to the plane incident.

Twice, which has 9 members, is one of the most popular acts in the K-pop industry today and was recently picked to endorse local clothing brand Bench.

Stalkers and obsessive fans are a problem in South Korea's entertainment industry, with some engaging in behaviors that invade the artist's privacy, such as breaking into dormitories, and accessing personal information like cellphone numbers and flight details.

In 2018, 3 fans boarded a Seoul-bound Korean Air flight in Hong Kong only to take pictures of the K-pop boy band Wanna One and got off the plane before it departed.K-pop boy band iKON have unveiled a teaser video for their new album i DECIDE, which will be released next month.

The trailer, which was shared on the band's official Twitter feed, opens with a quiet monologue narrated by band member Bobby and two other members sitting on a bench table in an empty lot under clear blue skies in a port-like setting against a mountain backdrop.

Bobby says: "I return to my place, where I have begun, with all the distrust behind, in spite of all the temptation, I continued walking on my own path and finally I am here."

As the monologue continues and the background music picks up pace, the setting switches between various scenes, from one member splashing paint across a large canvas inside a warehouse to another skateboarding and several others running together.

The trailer has a trippy, psychedelic feel, featuring a mash-up of different scenes shown in quick flashes. An enduring thread appears to be the trailer's red-themed lighting (the color red is said to be associated with the band) punctuated throughout the video.

Bobby's intriguing monologue concludes with: "I am me. I define myself. I am the reason for everything. Why not? I decide. iKon."

iKON debuted in 2015 and was a 7-piece band before its former leader B.I exited the group in June last year amid allegations of illegal purchase and use of marijuana in 2016.

B.I announced his departure in a detailed post on his Instagram account which read: "First, I would like to sincerely apologize for stirring up trouble due to my tremendously inappropriate actions. It is true that I wanted to rely on something that I shouldn't have had any interest in due to going through a hard and painful time. However, I was too scared and fearful to do it."

"Even so, I am so ashamed and apologetic to fans who were greatly disappointed and hurt because of my wrong words and actions. I intend to humbly self-reflect on my mistake and leave the team [the band]. Once again, I bow my head down and sincerely apologize to fans and the members. I apologize," he added.

The band's first album Welcome Back featured two No. 1 singles, which include "My Type" and "Apology," and was followed up with the album Return in 2018. Their next release will mark the group's third album when it is unveiled on February 6 at 6 p.m. (Korean Standard Time).WWE wrestler and Hollywood actor John Cena's love for K-pop group BTS is well known. He frequently posts about BTS on his Instagram account. He even included their song Fire in his movie Playing with Fire. While attending The Late Late Show with James Corden with actress January Jones, John Cena revealed why and how he got into BTS.

John Cena reveals how he came to admire the popular K-pop group BTS

During the show, Corden showed John Cena a photo Jones clicked with BTS. Cena expressed genuine excitement and was jealous after seeing the photo. Cena told Jones she was lucky to be in a picture with BTS. She was unaware of the group and clicked a photo as they had a lot of guards with them. Jones even revealed that she was nervous as there were 'so many of them'.

Also read | BTS new album 'Map of the Soul: 7' breaks the band's own record

John Cena then went on to explain how he got into BTS. He loved the message of self-love and self-reflection they share through their songs. John Cena also revealed why he feels BTS stands out amongst all other K-pop groups. Their songs and choreographies connect people throughout the world with a good message. That is really 'cool', according to John Cena. He appreciates them for using their voice to do something good. Cena even shared that J-Hope and RM are his favourite members.

Also read | BTS' collaboration with Formula E now unveiled by a thrilling video!

John Cena on his career with WWE winding up

When Randy Orton shared a photo of John Cena on Instagram, Cena replied by saying that he might face Orton in WrestleMania 36. However, in an interview, Cena told fans that he is now focusing on his Hollywood career. Cena stated that when he was in WWE, he tried to work both professions together, but failed. At that time, his heart was in WWE. Now, however, John Cena's heart is in his acting and movie career.

Also read | John Cena challenges Justin Bieber to come to the ring after their Instagram banter

BTS' new album – Map of the Soul: 7

The popular K-pop group comprising of seven members — Kim Namjoon, Kim Seokjin, Min Yoongi, Jung Hoseok, Park Jimin, Kim Taehyung and Jeon Jungkook — will soon be making their long-awaited comeback with Map of the Soul: 7 in February. They released a comeback trailer called Interlude: Shadow which garnered 1 million views in 30 minutes. BTS released their new lead single Black Swan on Friday, January 17, 6:00 PM KST. The album will be released on February 21, while the music video for their title song will release on February 28.

Also read | John Cena keeps mum about playing Peacemaker in DC Comics' 'The Suicide Squad' sequelThere is nothing more unifying than music, and it is something that can influence mood, inspire action, and teach valuable lessons.

People begin their relationship with music from a young age, and for many, it will become a lifelong passion. They may end up in a group themselves, figure out how to create a band page to post their music, and go on to be an online success. They may enter a massive music competition and find international success. They may simply enjoy listening to music throughout their lives and appreciate the different genres and influences that change and shape it over the years.

No matter how music involves itself in your life, and whatever kind of music you are into, there is no denying that K-pop has become one of the most powerfully influential and talked about genres in recent times.

K-Pop is short for Korean pop and is a style of music that has become one of the biggest and most exciting things to happen to the global music industry to date. It covers a huge range of music types from solo artists to massive groups, with the one common thread being that the songs produced are mixed with traditional Korean music. This results in some impressively catchy tunes -ones that have gripped people all over the world.

It’s no wonder that K-pop has received some serious attention on social media. Just type the hashtag into Twitter or Instagram, and you’ll get hundreds of thousands of results, search on YouTube for K-pop artists, and the number views, likes, and comments on their videos demonstrate just how massive a trend this really is. The rise and continued success of bands such as BTS, EXO, and Red Velvet prove that the strength of Korean pop music continues to rise.

But is this nothing more than a social media trend? Will the hype eventually die down and fizzle out? The truth is that managers and producers in South Korea are exceptionally talented and making social media work for them. As long as there are users on these platforms who are hungry for content, they will continue to observe and manage the artists they are responsible for to ensure that there are sufficient hype and interest to secure their success. Platforms such as YouTube are different from more conventional advertising outlets such as TV or radio. These social media sites provide a genuinely global mechanism that arms producers with the opportunity to advertise music at the same time as selling it by charging for downloads and creating fees for those who want to advertise on their pages.

At the 2017 Billboard music awards, BTS – the most famous boy group in the K-pop world – picked up the Top Social Artist award. In addition to this, the most successful K-pop groups continue to prove their staying power through sell-out world tours.

There is also something to be said for the difference in the way these bands conduct themselves. These big bands produce video content on such an enormous scale; it is a challenge to keep up. They allow insight into their lives, and the genuine affection for one another and positive attitude conveyed through these videos is having a significant impact on their fans. This is true not just of their performances, and their song lyrics (which often promote self-love and harmonious living) but also in their day to day lifestyles. People relate to people, and the willingness to give insight into their personal lives and to truly connect with their audiences could provide these bands with an advantage over those who choose to keep their lives as artists separate. This could indeed mean that despite the social media hype, K-pop bands are offering something more to their fans, fostering loyalty, which will no doubt, in turn, secure their longevity.

While there is no denying that the K-pop music industry owes a massive amount to the social media platforms on which it thrives, it has also transcended them. Not long ago, this music industry was really only known to residents of East Asia. Yet, it is now a massive global phenomenon, and we can’t see it going anywhere anytime soon.An audition program to launch a Japanese-speaking K-pop girl group will air in Japan in April. Korean music label JYP Entertainment and Japan's Sony Music are the audition's organizers. 

 "Nizi (Rainbow) Project" ― which aims to cultivate Japanese-speaking singer hopefuls in K-pop style ― will premiere on Nippon Television Network (NTV), JYP said Monday. The project reflects JYP's corporate vision: "globalization (of K-pop) by localization." 

 The company held auditions in Japan and the U.S. last year, seeking aspiring female singers aged 15-22 with a good command of Japanese. Many thought only Japanese were eligible to apply, but JYP denied this. 

 "It seems a misunderstanding has arisen because the group is poised to debut in Japan," JYP's spokesperson told The Korea Times, Tuesday. "But Japanese nationality was not a must." 



The agency singled out 26 women and trained them in Tokyo for five days. 

 The upcoming program will feature how they are trained in Korea for another six months, until the final line-up for the band is announced. The group is set to debut in Japan in November. 

 "Whether the band will debut in other countries will be disclosed as the program goes," the spokesperson said. 

 JYP, founded in 1997, represents legions of K-pop big names including girl group TWICE and boy band 2PM.All of the women agree that Chaeryeong is the comic relief of the group. “She’s hilarious,” says Ryujin, smiling brightly at her friend. “Chaeryeong is also nice, polite, and always wants to take care of people, including me. So I'm very thankful for her.” Yuna, the youngest of the group and the quietest throughout the interview, carries a cheeky defiance in her that seems to always bubble just underneath the surface. “Even though Yuna is the baby of the group,” says Chaeryeong, “there are times when she becomes the leader, she sets the mood, and she makes people feel better. So she has that kind of empowering side to her.”Step aside, Jonas Brother. BTS is premiering their first album of the new decade, entitled Map of the Soul: 7. They’re one of the biggest boy bands in the world, heading back on tour during April 2020. Is this K-pop group appropriate for young children? Here’s what every parent should know before attending a BTS concert.

Who are the members of the K-pop group, BTS?

The Backstreet Boys and One Direction have nothing on this boy band. BTS debuted in 2013 and since then, they’ve become one of the most popular K-pop groups in the world. They became the first Korean group to present an award at the Grammys and the first group since The Beatles to have three albums reach the No. 1 spot in a year.

BTS has seven members, with their stage names being RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook. There are three rappers in the group — RM, J-Hope, and Suga — and four vocalists — Jin, Jungkook, V, and Jimin. Together, they’ve sold out stadiums, earned millions of streams on Spotify, and even spoke at the United Nations.

Turns out, boy bands aren’t just for teenagers anymore. The Techie Guy reports, “BTS has filled that gap and even more with their inspirational stories and positive message to people of all ages, genders, and nationalities. BTS is not ‘just for kids’ but is for everyone – no matter your age. I am told that over 63% of BTS fans are adults.”

Parents are often seen attending concerts with their children. In fact, for one Jimmy Kimmel Live segment, BTS surprised a handful of super fans and their parents. Just to give you a hint at their popularity, the video earned over 3 million plays on YouTube. To be fair, BTS had some controversial moments while first starting out. (You may hear about some sexist lyrics in songs like “War of Hormone,” but the group has since apologized and grown from their mistakes.)

With best-selling songs that promote self-love and even an anti-violence campaign with UNICEF, it’s pretty safe to say this boy band is appropriate for most children. However, this boy band isn’t afraid to touch on some pretty deep topics, including mental illness, so definitely give them a listen before deciding.

This K-pop group is going on tour during April 2020

After their month-long period of rest and relaxation, BTS returned to the stage earlier during 2019. With the start of the new year, the group is headed on tour, beginning in April 2020. There are no official dates or locations for these upcoming concerts, however, fans do know when BTS’ latest album will premiere.

An extension of the Map of the Soul: Persona era, BTS is releasing Map of the Soul: 7 during February 2020. Some fans are already preparing with the latest “Comeback Trailer,” entitled “Interlude: Shadow.”

Music by BTS, including Map of the Soul: Persona, is available on Spotify, Apple Music, and most streaming platforms. BTS’ upcoming album, Map of the Soul: 7, drops on Feb. 21, 2020.A score of protesters took to the street in Gangnam on Sunday afternoon demanding that K-pop singer Chen leave EXO, the band he’s been part of for over eight years.



One female protester said she feels betrayed by the 27-year-old singer for announcing his engagement and his fiancee’s pregnancy without even a “sorry” in a letter last week.



“He’s pursuing his happiness at the expense of other people’s dreams, youth and passion,” she said while protesting outside SM Town Coex Artium, a complex run by S.M. Entertainment which manages the group.



On Twitter, however, hashtags like “#AlwayswithCHEN” and “#EXOLBelievesInEXO9” trended as the group’s fans, known as EXO-L, flocked to the platform to show their support for the singer.



Both sides are reacting to Chen’s sudden announcement last week, in which the singer announced he’s going to marry his girlfriend and also hinted she’s pregnant by referring to a “blessing.”



“We want him out of the group because we don’t want controversial labels following EXO. Being a baby daddy, premarital pregnancy -- these negative labels are tainting EXO’s image,” the protester said.



Holding signs that read “#Chen_Leave,” the protesters wore masks and hoodies so they couldn’t be identified. A slight brawl also broke out when Jessica, an EXO fan from the US, tried to take a photograph of the protest.



Coming from America, she’s aware of cultural differences, but she wants Chen to stay in the group.



“The culture is very different and I get that. But it should be about the music and as long as they aren’t hurting anyone, not getting a DUI or starting a fight, then I don’t see how it should matter to the fandom.”



Why is dating controversial in K-pop?



Stephanie Choi, a Ph.D. candidate in ethnomusicology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, said some fans are calling for Chen’s departure not necessarily because of the couple’s upcoming marriage or the possible pregnancy, but because of their negative impact on the band’s popularity.



“They are very aware that the mass media’s coverage of an idol member’s marriage and pregnancy will be followed by a decrease in the public perception, popularity, and the overall economic value of the group,” Choi said.



According to her, the majority of idols actively perform fan service and “aegyo” as a way of selling intimacy, and this effort to maintain an intimate relationship with fans only -- at least publicly -- has become a tacit contract. 







More K-pop stars are opening up about dating, including HyunA and Dawn -- who ended up leaving their agency in 2018 after going public with their relationship -- but the pressure is still on. 



Earlier this month, Momo of Twice said she was “sorry” and thankful for her fans after her relationship with Heechul of Super Junior was made public.



A viral tweet from one of Heechul’s fans also said the Super Junior member kept saying sorry in the wake of the news. 



This feeling of betrayal stems from the seemingly close relationship between idols and fans, according to Lee Jong-im, the author of “Idol Trainees’ Sweat and Tears.”



“I believe some fans are feeling betrayed or annoyed that their idol who shared almost everything with them has suddenly dropped a big announcement without much communication.



“In the current system, fans do things together as if part of a team and work with the agency. But the illusion was shattered this time which might have led to an outburst of emotion,” she said. 



Many fans -- and label -- stand behind Chen 



Though Sunday’s protest grabbed headlines, many fans want Chen to remain in EXO. So does his agency, S.M. Entertainment, which came out in support of the singer after he announced his engagement. 



Among Chen’s supporters is the EXO-L OT9 Global Union, a group on Twitter representing pro-Chen EXO fans around the world.



In a statement, the group said the opinions of Kim Jong-dae -- the singer’s real name -- should be respected and that he is a human being first and an artist second.







While the opposing sides clash over a group that they both cherish, Maeng, the 21-year-old female fan who leads the pro-Chen group, said the whole situation is a shame.



“I find it sad that the same fandom that once supported and loved EXO together has been divided. And I understand their feeling of betrayal is not simply based on the delusion that they were in love with Chen. 



“But if you think about it, it is not right to see premarital pregnancy used as a negative label. It’s also unethical to use the marriage and love life of an artist to attack them. I’d like to see this mindset challenged so not just EXO but other artists’ privacy is respected,” she said.



Ana, an EXO fan from France, also believes supporting Chen is a good step for K-pop, considering the way that mental health problems have emerged as a major issue for the industry in recent years.



If Chen’s marriage goes ahead and the fans react well, she said, “it will prove that people do care about the artist behind the image, the stage persona.” 



Ph.D. candidate Choi sees Chen’s announcement and fans’ reaction as an important moment for the K-pop fandom in general.



“Chen is among the first K-pop idols to become a husband and father, and thus this is a significant moment to redefine what type of intimacy the idols and fans would like to develop in the future.” 



By Yim Hyun-su ( While the opposing sides clash over a group that they both cherish, Maeng, the 21-year-old female fan who leads the pro-Chen group, said the whole situation is a shame.“I find it sad that the same fandom that once supported and loved EXO together has been divided. And I understand their feeling of betrayal is not simply based on the delusion that they were in love with Chen.“But if you think about it, it is not right to see premarital pregnancy used as a negative label. It’s also unethical to use the marriage and love life of an artist to attack them. I’d like to see this mindset challenged so not just EXO but other artists’ privacy is respected,” she said.Ana, an EXO fan from France, also believes supporting Chen is a good step for K-pop, considering the way that mental health problems have emerged as a major issue for the industry in recent years.If Chen’s marriage goes ahead and the fans react well, she said, “it will prove that people do care about the artist behind the image, the stage persona.”Ph.D. candidate Choi sees Chen’s announcement and fans’ reaction as an important moment for the K-pop fandom in general.“Chen is among the first K-pop idols to become a husband and father, and thus this is a significant moment to redefine what type of intimacy the idols and fans would like to develop in the future.”By Yim Hyun-su ( hyunsu@heraldcorp.comwww.cltampa.com is using a security service for protection against online attacks. The service requires full cookie support in order to view this website.

Please enable cookies on your browser and try again.Sometimes our expectations just don’t fit the reality — but that doesn’t always mean disappointment! As these stars prove, a reality that’s a little (or a lot) different from the expectation can be cute, wild, or just plain hilarious. These idols prove that no one’s really perfect (not even celebrities), but they can make the best out of even the silliest situations. Without further ado, here are eight moments where K-pop idols found expectation different than reality!

1. GOT7’s Jinyoung and Jackson reenacting “Descendants of the Sun”

This scene from the hit drama “Descendants of the Sun” is a big turning point for the leading couple, and it’s a pretty dramatic moment. Jackson didn’t seem to get the message, though! While fellow GOT7 member Jinyoung is fully committed to the intensity of the scene, Jackson holds nothing back and says exactly what’s on his mind (much to the other members’ amusement). Who needs a script anyways right?

Never seen “Descendants of the Sun”? Catch it here!

“Stay” is one of BLACKPINK’s slower love ballads, and the music video is every bit as aesthetically pleasing as the song itself. The combination of Jisoo’s stunning visuals and clear vocals means that her scene on the swing is a pure and peaceful moment — at least on camera! The behind-the-scenes footage shows that Jisoo was interrupted by a piece of flying cardboard, but she managed to take the incident in stride. A true professional!

SEVENTEEN’s Mingyu and Seungkwan were definitely put on the spot on the set of “Running Man,” when they were asked to perform their song “Home” entirely acapella. They had to try and recreate the EDM part of the chorus with no backing track, which led to this spectacularly funny performance video. They managed to keep their cool even as their teammates were cracking up — viral content for sure, just maybe not for the reasons they were expecting!

Want the latest episode of “Running Man”?

TWICE featured in a Japanese commercial with a fairly complicated jump rope routine, and they look completely at ease — as if double dutch is something they do every day. However, their performance on “Idol Room” showed that appearances can be deceiving! Turns out that it’s a lot harder than it looks, but eventually their efforts pay off and with the help of a little editing magic they get it in the end. Persistence (and cuteness) is key!

NCT’s Mark is well-known for being a great rapper and all-around talented performer, but he’s also rather notorious for frequently butchering one of cooking’s simplest dishes: fried eggs. So much so, in fact, that Gordon Ramsay even roasted him over it when a fan sent a picture on Twitter. If you’re expecting a pretty breakfast, Mark may not be the right person to ask — but you gotta love him anyways!

MAMAMOO’s Hwasa is a queen if there ever was one, and her performances are always as fierce as they come. Knowing that, it might come as a bit of a surprise to see her playing cutely with a little girl on the set of their music video “Hip” in-between takes! Her on-camera persona may come with a sharp and sassy expectation, but her true sweet personality really shines too.

BTS’s music video for the Steve Aoki remix of their hit song “Mic Drop” is chock full of awesome sets and scenes. With fly wires, burning cars, and explosions, it’s almost like watching an action movie! But not everything was as cool as it seemed, and the behind-the-scenes video contains tons of hilarious bloopers — including this one where BTS’s leader RM tried and failed (and failed, and failed) to push open the doors of an ambulance for his entrance. He got it in the end, though, and the final cut is just as amazing as you’d expect from global superstars like BTS.

Girl group DreamCatcher slayed this cover of BIGBANG’s “Bang Bang Bang” again and again, showing off their powerful stage presence and killer moves. But not every performance is the same, and this one for HeyoTV wasn’t quite what they were expecting. The music starts before they’re ready, and it’s all craziness from there! They’re happy to go with the flow, though, and they giggle their way through any mistakes. Definitely a different vibe from the original song, but fun nonetheless!

What’s your favorite expectation vs. reality moment? Tell us in the comments section!By now, we're already used to seeing our idols take international stages by storm, grace foreign magazines, make a noise in Western programs, attend award shows overseas, and collaborate with the most prominent musicians across the world. But did you know that K-pop has also started to work its way into the Hollywood movies?

Not as actors (perhaps, soon?) but plainly with their music that meets global standards. And this isn't just another world domination that fandoms could be proud of, but also another episode of music breaking barriers. It was meant to happen, anyways. In case you missed these K-pop-meets-Hollywood moments, it's our pleasure to round them up for you below:

Wonder Girls' "Nobody" in Penguins of Madagascar

It was a surprise for the members of K-pop trailblazers Wonder Girls when they learned that their hit song "Nobody" (which we all danced to) was the only Asian song included in the soundtrack of the American animated film in 2015. How could we not stan?

Keeping the legendary streak going, the song "Rising Sun" by TVXQ (A.K.A. DBSK) was played in the fourth installment of the popular racing movie franchise Fast & Furious back in 2009. And from then on, our kings just got bigger and bigger.

Even before, we already knew that leader of global phenom BTS RM has always been a powerful talent that the world needed to hear. Later, we were proven right with his self-composed song "Fantastic" featuring American songstress Mandy Ventrice getting featured in the Marvel adaptation. The world just got lucky.

Hollywood is just one among many that wasn't able to escape the overwhelming craze over BIGBANG's "Fantastic Baby." In fact, our favorite Barden Bellas from the Pitch Perfect sequel were spotted banging with the K-pop smash playing in the background. It's used only in the trailer, but, still, it's aca-mazing!

Our nine kweens from TWICE also made it through the Will Smith and Tom Holland-voiced animated film last year. Yep, their 2017 song off Twicecoaster: Lane 2 was included in the movie's official soundtrack and sat beside songs from the likes of Daddy Yankee and Mark Ronson. Now, that's special.

BLACKPINK's "As If It's Your Last" in Justice League

Two years ago, we got one of our fave BLACKPINK song in one of our fave superhero movies, and that's all thanks to one scene featuring Barry Allen A.K.A. The Flash who took inspiration to save the world by streaming the girl group's music video. Is it a coincidence that its actor Ezra Miller is a real-life BLINK? We don't think so.

Kudos to wrestling champ John Cena for doing such a great job of convincing director Andy Fickman to make Bangtan's 2016 hit a part of the family-comedy movie. This is like our K-pop and WWE worlds colliding. J-Hope, RM, and the rest of the boys sure found the movie fire!

This 2020, it's our girls Irene, Seulgi, Joy, Wendy, and Yeri's turn to navigate their way into Hollywood. It was revealed in early January that we'll get to hear their magical track "Zimzalabim" in the upcoming Trolls sequel, and we'll even see the members' troll versions! We already got a taste of it through the animation's Southeast Asian trailer. It's a win for us, ReVeluvs!

The soundtrack is what completes the whole movie experience. And while Western songs play the role just fine, having foreign works like K-pop can obviously offer much more—from introduction of cultural diversity to paving the way for Asian representation. We'll be looking forward to more moments like these!

ALSO READ: In Focus: These 10 K-Pop Tracks are Easy to Dance to if You're a Beginner!K-POP FANS will start 2020 right as two K-Pops groups will be visiting the country in January and February.

The first to come is Winner, whose members — Yoon, Jinu, Hoony, and Mino, will return to the Philippines on Jan. 25 at the Mall of Asia Arena for the Winner [Cross] Tour in Manila. The group recently released its third mini-album Cross, with track “So So” as well as solo songs from members Hoony and Yoon.

The quartet last met with their Filipino fans in November 2018 during its Everywhere tour. The Winner [Cross] Tour in Manila is presented by YG Entertainment, Live Nation Korea, and PULP Live World.

Meanwhile, K-pop group Seventeen — composed of S.Coups, Jeonghan, Joshua, Jun, Hoshi, Wonwoo, Woozi, The8, Mingyu, DK, Seungkwan, Vernon, and Dino — will return to the Philippines for the Seventeen World Tour Ode to You in Manila on Feb. 8 at the Mall of Asia Arena. The group released its third full album, An Ode, last September, and surpassed 160,000 in album sales within 24 hours of its release, triple the first-day album sales for their previous mini-album You Made my Dawn. The new songs will be showcased in the upcoming tour, the group’s third, following Ideal Cut which commenced in 2018 and visited eight cities across Asia. Seventeen World Tour Ode to You in Manila is presented by Pledis Entertainment, Live Nation Korea, and PULP Live World.

Tickets are available through SM Tickets outlets nationwide and online (www.smtickets.com).G-Dragon’s return from the military, BTS at Wembley and the #FightForWonho are just some of the most significant events that defined the K-pop industry in 2019

On October 26th, G-Dragon–aka the King of K-pop–made his highly anticipated return from mandatory military enlistment. A reported 3,000 fans gathered at the location to receive the 31-year old, while many more around the world tuned in to watch live online. It’s the biggest gathering seen so far for a Korean celebrity after they exit the military and G-Dragon himself seemed surprised by the large group waiting for him. The hashtag #ONE_OF_A_KIND_GD trended worldwide for hours to mark the emotional occasion.

In June 2019, K-pop mega stars BTS made history by becoming the first Korean act to headline Wembley Stadium in London. The septet sold out two dates (June 1st and 2nd) at the venue for their ‘Love Yourself: Speak Yourself’ tour and drew in a reported 60,000 fans on each day. Wembley is known for hosting some of the biggest concerts in history, including 1985’s iconic Live Aid Concert which featured performances from the likes of Queen, U2 and David Bowie. BTS vocalist Jin paid tribute to the late Freddie Mercury by leading the audience into the Queen frontman’s famous ‘ay-oh’ chant, which made for a powerful display of music connecting generations.

In March 2019, we saw the beginning of what would go on to become one of the biggest scandals of the K-pop industry. The Burning Sun scandal, also known as the Burning Sun gate, alleged that several Korean celebrities were guilty of sex crimes, including online distribution of sex videos taken of women without their consent, rape, sex bribery and more. The artists involved included Big Bang’s Seungri, singer Jung Joonyoung, Yong Junhyung of Highlight, Choi Jonghoon of F.T. Island and Lee Jonghyun of CNBLUE, while other participants included other businessmen, members of the Korean police force and YG Entertainment’s founder and ex-CEO Yang Hyunsuk. As of now, several of those involved–including Jung–have been convicted and sentenced, while others like Seungri and Yang are still awaiting trial for additional charges of gambling and alleged embezzlement.

In April 2019, the producers behind popular reality idol competition Produce 101 came under fire for rigging all four seasons of the show. The vote-based program results in the formation of a new idol group at the end of each season and it was revealed that several producers had accepted bribes and deals from entertainment agencies to manipulate votes to place certain participants in the final winning lineups. This led to a lengthy court battle and the halt of current promoting groups, X1 and IZ*ONE’s activities. CJ ENM, the entertainment label which leads the operations around Produce 101, held a press conference on Monday, December 30th, to announce that IZ*ONE and X1 will resume official activities in 2020 and release and promote new music. The company further apologized to the artists in both groups.

When Monsta X vocalist Wonho shocked fans in October 2019 by announcing he would be withdrawing from the group due to alleged rumors and past scandals, it sparked one of the biggest global fan-driven online movements K-pop has ever seen. The group’s fandom Monbebe protested the termination of the singer’s contract by trending hashtags like #FightForWonho and #WeStandWithWonho on social media for over 10 days. Some fans even stood in silent protest outside the group’s label Starship Entertainment’s offices in Seoul, posting supportive notes for the vocalist and begging him and his company to reconsider the decision. While it does not look like Wonho will be rejoining the group anytime soon (Monsta X are currently promoting as six members), fans are determined to keep fighting for him well into 2020.

K-pop legend and CEO of JYP Entertainment Park Jinyoung aka J.Y. Park surprised us all in 2019 by releasing his first single in over three years titled “Fever.” The veteran artist and producer is one of K-pop’s first big super stars, having started his career with K-pop originators Seo Taiji and Boys. The highlight of the entire comeback process however, was his quirky and over-the-top performance at the 2019 MAMA Awards with girl group Mamamoo which had us delighted and stunned in equal measure.

“Gangnam Style” hitmaker PSY shook up the industry with the launch of his very own music label and entertainment company, P Nation in January 2019. The producer and CEO’s first move was to sign hip-hop phenomenon Jessi, one of Korea’s most prominent rappers and a force to be reckoned with. Soon after, he brought on-board pop superstar HyunA and rapper Hyojong aka DAWN (formerly E’DAWN of Pentagon.) Both artists had been dropped from their previous label for being in a relationship with each other in 2018, so fans rejoiced when they saw the power couple emerge stronger than ever under a new company. PSY’s final signee of the year was R&B sensation Crush, who had just left longtime label Amoeba Culture.

2019 year saw the K-pop industry lose two talented entertainers, Sulli and Goo Hara, to suicide. Both artists–who died barely a month apart from each other–were two of the strongest, most independent female artists in Korean entertainment and were powerful voices in the fight for women’s rights. Their open defiance of Korean societal norms often brought about waves of online attacks and media-led ridicule, which they admitted took a toll on them. Sulli and Goo Hara’s deaths brought about a massive global discussion around cyber-bullying, the way women are treated by society and celebrities’ mental health.

After a three-year long battle with YG Entertainment, CL broke free from her contract with the label and returned to releasing new music in November. The rapper and singer-songwriter left the company after spending 10 years under their roster and almost immediately dropped six tracks and music videos in quick succession. All the songs celebrate her freedom, her fans, her friends and her evolution as an artist. The lead single “DONE161201” came with a fun cameo-filled Instagram-style music video which featured celebrities like Big Bang’s Taeyang, Taboo of the Black Eyed Peas, fashion designer Alexander Wang, Sohee of Wonder Girls and CL’s former bandmates from 2NE1. The second music video “REWIND170205″ is a nostalgic collage style tribute to the biggest moments and most important people in CL’s life including other artists, her former bandmates and her fans. All six tracks appear on her new EP In The Name Of Love.

2019 was India’s biggest year for K-pop yet

It’s possible that 2019 has been the biggest year for desi K-pop fans. Some of the artists who made their India concert debuts included groups like KARD, IN2IT, VAV and MustB, plus soloists AleXa and LiveYubin while rookie boy group Mont visited for a second time. The year also saw Rolling Stone India‘s first cover shoot in South Korea featuring IN2IT while VAV became the first K-pop group to have a full-scale photo shoot in India for Rolling Stone India‘s June issue. Twitter trends, K-pop dance covers, and participation in competitions this year from India have been massive–the 2019 Changwon International K-pop Contest’s India rounds saw over 3000 entries. ATEEZ made a video with Rolling Stone India where they tasted various Indian foods their fans had recommended, while IN2IT and AleXa reciprocated the dance cover culture with a performance to “The Jawaani Song” from 2019 Bollywood film Student of the Year 2. Rookie group 3YE joined the Bollywood cover movement with a performance of “Dilbar” while artists like Pentagon, WINNER, Mrshll, Holland, GOT7’s Jackson, and more expressed their interest in visiting India someday and NCT’s Taeyong spoke about his love for Indian singer-songwriter Prateek Kuhad’s music on a livestream. BTS’ films Love Yourself in Seoul and Bring the Soul: The Movie did phenomenally across India and as did the launch of their first ‘official merchandise’ in the country through a collaboration with Korean beauty brand Innisfree.K-pop boy group Winner arrived in Manila Friday, a day before their performance at the Mall of Asia Arena, Pasay City.

Twitter user @baekyhunnie28 posted a video of the group's arrival at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport following their show in Kuala Lumpur.

Winner will perform in the country as part of their "Winner Cross Tour."

The last time the four-member group performed in the country was in November 2018, which was also their first concert in the country as a headlining act since they performed at 2NE1's "All or Nothing" concert in 2014.

Winner's Asia tour consists of performances in Seoul, Taipei, Jakarta, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, Manila, and Singapore.

The K-pop boy group made their debut in 2014 and was formed through a reality survival program "WIN: Who Is Next."When it came out, I listened to it at least three times every day. The beat is amazing, and the dreamies have evolved so much since 'Chewing Gum.' This song has a mature aspect with amazing vocals. I love the sound of Jisung’s voice. It was a powerful, fantastic comeback." —kookietae

"It's a certified banger, and you can see how much they've grown since their last comeback." —97jungkooky

"They're the youngest members [of NCT], but this year I felt their music (and they themselves) matured so much!" —m451d89b2cK-pop superstar group BTS have announced that their two huge headline London shows for the 2020 ‘Map Of The Soul Tour’ will be held at Twickenham Stadium – the official home of England rugby.

The UK leg of the tour is on July 3rd and 4th and is in support of their upcoming album ‘Map Of The Soul: 7’ which is due for release in February and represents their seventh album, the seven members of the group and the seven years they’ve been together.

The news of two Twickenham Stadium shows follow up their ‘BTS World Tour: Love Yourself’ which included two London O2 Arena dates and part two ‘BTS World Tour Love Yourself: Speak Yourself’, which included two Wembley Stadium shows.

They became the first K-pop act in history to perform at Wembley and sold-out both dates in minutes, performing to more than 100,000 fans.

The seated capacity of Twickenham Stadium is 82,000 – which is 8000 less than the seated capacity at Wembley, meaning fans will have to be extra quick to secure themselves a ticket.

Fans travelling from far will also need to make hasty accommodation arrangements too, if they are planning to stay overnight after the show.

Normally, you could stay in the stadium’s South Stand, where the London Marriott Hotel Twickenham is located, which is literally inside the complex.

But according to their website, hotel rooms are already booked out for the tour date nights and the nearby Premier Inn and Travelodge are both booked out too.

Check out the video below to see just how close in proximity the Marriott Hotel is to the stadium.

Ticket release details are yet to be revealed but it’s been confirmed that they’ll be sold via Ticketmaster and Live Nation.

We conducted a 24 hour Twitter poll to see just how excited BTS fans are to see the group at their UK shows.

With a choice of either ‘kind of excited’ or ‘super gassed’, the results were – 47% ‘kind of excited’ and 53% ‘super gassed’.

Check out the video below for our mini video guide to travelling to the fated rugby stadium via public transport and what you can expect to see when you arrive.

We spoke to officials at Twickenham Stadium, to find out how they are preparing for the two huge shows.

They said: “Twickenham Stadium is the home of England Rugby and the largest dedicated rugby union venue in the world, seating up to 82,000 people.

“The stadium is a destination for fans around the world to experience the action on the pitch on a match day, dance to some of the biggest stars in music, re-live the history of a stadium tour, visit the newly housed World Rugby Museum, host a fantastic event or take a trip to the Rugby Store.

“As an organisation we operate strict ground rules to ensure the safety of fans on a major event day.

“We are continually reviewing our security procedures at the stadium – We work very closely with the Metropolitan Police, their Counter Terrorism Unit and our local partners to ensure that there is a coordinated and appropriate level of security in place for each and every event.

“For anyone coming to the stadium, please ensure you arrive in plenty of time to pass through our enhanced security checks.

“Our security and stewarding teams are there for your safety. Please cooperate fully with all security personnel.”'The goal and the dream was always to be able to do stuff back home, back in the States'

Eric Nam doesn't mind if you call him a K-pop artist, but he doesn't want to be confined to that label either. Or any label, for that matter. Eventually, he says, it would be nice to be known simply as "Eric Nam." But he's also still in the process of figuring out exactly what that means. For years, he's been a viable pop star in South Korea, steadily releasing and performing music since his solo debut in 2013. His genuine affability has also made him a favorite on Korean variety programs and a natural emcee. He's comfortable — maybe even a tad complacent — in Seoul, which is why now is the right time for the 31-year-old Korean American to make major moves back home in the U.S. with his first English album Before We Begin.

Born and raised in Atlanta, Nam eventually moved to South Korea in pursuit of his pop star dreams, competing on Season 2 of the Korean singing competition Star Audition in 2011. It's a common story for Korean-American K-pop artists; with few opportunities to succeed in the States, they seek out opportunities in Korea's bustling music market. Or, as Nam puts it: "When Asian Americans aren't represented [in the U.S.] and we don't have the opportunity, but you still want to pursue the arts, what are you going to do? You're going to go where you are accepted."

But a lot has changed in the years since Nam got his big break on Korean television. For starters, thanks to the global visibility of artists like BTS — who have broken records and defied all expectations — K-pop is more mainstream than ever in the U.S. Korean artists are booking televised gigs, playing Coachella, and being personally invited to The Tonight Show by Jimmy Fallon. But for all the momentum K-pop has shown globally, a solo artist has yet to break through in the States the same way the idol groups have. With Before We Begin and his forthcoming North American tour, Nam hopes he can help lead the charge.

Throughout his conversation with MTV News, Nam opens up about digging "deeper" on his first English release, finding acceptance as a Korean-American artist in the U.S. market, and how he pushed through personal and professional burnout to create his most honest work to date.

MTV News: You were born in the U.S., but you've been living and making music in South Korea for nearly a decade. But now you're making a big push in the States with your new album, Before We Begin, and the tour. Why did you decide that now was the time?

Eric Nam: It's now or never for me because I think I've really ticked off all the marks in Korea that I can do.

Nam: I've done TV, radio, reality shows, concerts, festivals... I've done at least one festival every month this year in Korea. I feel like I've made it and I can live comfortably — but I'm never about comfort. I've never been about being complacent. It's always been about what's next, how can we build, how can we do things differently and approach things from a different perspective. People always ask me, "Why did you go to Korea to pursue music?" I'm like, well, it's not really about wanting to — it's not having a choice. When Asian Americans aren't represented here and we don't have the opportunity, but you still want to pursue the arts, what are you going to do? You're going to go where you are accepted.

MTV News: As an Asian-American artist, do you feel more accepted in the U.S. now?

Nam: When it comes to just the climate and where the culture is right now, you know with BTS being so big globally, Blackpink doing their thing, and over the past year or so you've had the prominence and rise of Rich Brian and Joji and 88rising. For me, the goal and the dream was always to be able to do stuff back home, back in the States. I'm born and raised here, I'm American. That's what I consider home. It took a lot of time and reverse engineering to get to the point where I'm like, "OK, we can try it." The discussion right now with K-pop is pretty hot, so why not.

MTV News: But you're not the typical K-pop artist. For starters, you're not part of a group. There's no choreography. You're a singer-songwriter.

Nam: That was the thing: The momentum is there, the groups are there, but where are the solo artists? Even within K-pop, there should be more representation. It's not just groups, and it's not just incredibly produced, highly choreographed pieces. There are vocalists, there's R&B, there's hip-hop, there are other types of people and voices. There's space for all of that to be shared and to be appreciated.

MTV News: Your song "Love Die Young" is pretty emo. One, who hurt you. Two, why was this the song that you wanted to showcase first in the Before We Begin era?

Nam: It's titled Before We Begin because I didn't want this album to define me as an artist. I didn't want it to be, this is K-pop Eric. No. I want this to be Eric Nam's U.S. debut. In an ideal world I would have a major U.S. label say, "We get behind this artist. We don't see color. We just see this great music and we want to push it." Until we get to that point, I just have to keep building. I didn't want to define who I was before I even got started. That's why we named it Before We Begin. Then the music on the album, it's a little bit of a departure from what I'd been doing recently. A little deeper.

MTV News: Yeah, because a lot of your recent stuff has been very bright pop, a kind of a very bubbly ring to it.

Nam: Right. I wanted to come in from a more mature angle. So we wrote to that and did sessions to that narrative and to that feeling. "Love Die Young" came together because I think I had just gotten off tour, I did 12 shows in 18 days in Europe, and then I was just flying all over doing different things. But I had to put this out. It was like this looming album. I was like, "I have to put this together." I got into the session in the studios, and they were like, "What do you want to do?" I was like, "Honestly I just want to write about being exhausted and burned out." I've been in K-pop in Korea for eight years now and I feel like I haven't taken a break. I haven't stopped. It's just been nonstop, not a day off. I wanted to write about feeling burned out, but how do you do that in a way that people can understand or relate to? So it turned into a really deep love song where you can feel burned out about a relationship. You can feel the end coming. You could see this looming breakup happening, but you don't want it to happen. That's I think kind of where the inspiration for that song came from.

MTV News: And then you have the single "Congratulations," which is another breakup song but this one is more fun. A fun breakup song, if you will.

Nam: It's a much brighter, happier breakup song and it features Marc E. Bassy, who I'm personally a big fan of for a long time. It's a very diverse album. A lot of variety, a little bit more maturity and hopefully people love it.

MTV News: When you're in Korea, what is your schedule like?

Nam: It's a lot. It's a lot wherever I am. I travel so much, so that when I am in Korea, it's playing catch up to everything. It's like 10 days of work that I have to make up for when I'm back [in Seoul]. Almost every time I land, I land at 4 or 5 a.m., and I'll have a full day until midnight.

Nam: Radio. TV. Podcast. I'm putting an album together. Photo shoots. I'm involved with every single piece of content.

MTV News: Do you want to be involved in everything, or is it more out of necessity?

Nam: I don't have the luxury of not being involved in everything. I would love to let go. It's just, I can't. There are a few people that I've selected to be on my team where they're great and I can delegate things to them, but other points where I'm working with people who I don't handpick and I'm just like, let me just do this myself. Little small details that for me are important, like capitalization or spacing, that they just don't catch. I'm just like, you know what, I'll just do it. That's just the reality of how I work.

MTV News: I don't think the average person understands how much content there is in the K-pop industry. K-pop delivers content in unfathomable ways.

Nam: It's a lot, especially for one person. That's when I'm jealous of teams because they can split it up. For me, I do a vlog, I do a podcast, I shoot my vlog, I write the subtitles for my vlog.

MTV News: You write the subtitles yourself?

Nam: Yes. That's what I did this morning when I woke up, I was subtitling. I go through everything with a fine-tooth comb. It's a lot.

MTV News: One thing that I've been learning in my 30s is that your time is valuable and that it's OK to do things for yourself and only yourself sometimes.

Nam: Absolutely. That's kind of been the dialogue of this discussion. A lot of interviews ask, "What advice do you have for people in their 20s?" I'm like, "Eh, well, you can do whatever you want in your 20s, but when you hit 30 you're going to want to take time off. Take care of yourself."

MTV News: How do you make time for yourself when your schedule is so crazy?

Nam: Honestly, I still haven't gotten to the point where I can breathe. I told myself I'd take December off, but now they're starting to book a bunch of gigs, and I'm just like, do I take the time or do I take the money? But it's also about balance. One way I deal with stress is when I feel a certain way, I just do it. It's like, I want a hamburger, so I'm just going to eat a hamburger. I don't want to answer your phone call right now — I'm not going to answer your phone call. Just be able to say, "This is how I feel. This is the way it is, deal with it." That's the best way for me to deal with work and stress.

MTV News: When you start promoting more heavily in the U.S. and touring, is there an intention to move here to really like settle and lay down roots?

Nam: I'd like to. Realistically, over the next few years, it'll be a lot of time spent half and half, going back and forth. I would like to be able to book more stuff here in the States regularly for me to justify that because it's just a lot of flying, and it's hard. But my parents would be much happier if I moved back.

MTV News: When it comes to Before We Begin, would you say that this is your most honest work?

Nam: This album is probably the most honest, probably the most vulnerable album I've put together. Not to say other ones weren't, but this one just feels a lot deeper in terms of where the inspiration came from for a lot of the songs. The opening lines of "Love Die Young" is, "What happens when it's over, when we breathed our last breath." It sounds like an existential crisis, and it gets people thinking in many different ways, right? It can be in relation to love. It can be in relation to life. It could be whatever.

MTV News: It sounds like something you would have found on my Tumblr in 2007.

Nam: Right! We're like, "This is such a simple, almost cliche phrase, but it's still so real and it will always be real and it's universal." It's a lot deeper, a lot more mature, vulnerable, honest. And I think people will take it and apply to it whatever situation they're in.

MTV News: How would you define your sound?

Nam: I don't know if I have a sound yet. We live in a time and period for music where genres don't matter. Everything is fluid. Everything moves in and out. I'm just whatever I feel like singing is pop, and that's pretty much it. Right now, it's just about the vibes that I get just living life. I don't know where we'll go from here. That's why it's called Before We Begin. It's just things left out to the open.

MTV News: You're also still making music in Korea. So you're in two different markets. For example, Koreans love ballads, so you've released a lot of Korean ballads. Do you feel like since you're now straddling both lines, it must be maybe a little confusing?

Nam: Yeah. Absolutely. Over the past few years I've had a realization. It was like, what the hell am I doing? Because I don't particularly like doing Korean ballads. I don't like Korean ballads in that way, because only Korean people can sing those songs. There's this certain vibe that only Korean people have, and so to be able to relay that emotion is so hard. I don't get it. The only person that I've seen that's been able to, is Ailee, but that's because she has a deep understanding of Korean. For other people it's very, very difficult. I would be criticized, like, "You don't talk Korean enough. You sound very American. You sound very white in your music." And I'm like, "Whoa."

MTV News: That must be confusing for you to navigate.

Nam: It's very weird. It's like, "I just don't know what you want me to do." So then, probably two years ago, I was like, "You know what? I'm just going to do whatever I want. I'm going to write it the way I want. I want to sing the way I want, and if you like it, great. If you don't, too bad." And I've learned not to be apologetic for the way that you pronounce your words, or the way you sing your song and write your music. It's supposed to be art and you can like it or you can hate it, but just take it for what it is.

MTV News: That's very American of you.

Nam: Part of the reason that it's hard to do it in Korea is because Koreans are very vocal on the internet — the netizens and the comments can be hyper critical. And so people can get very freaked out, like, "Can I do this? Am I allowed? What will happen? What about the backlash." But I'm just like, "Let's go."

MTV News: You've had this label of "different" your entire life. First, as an Asian kid growing up in suburban Atlanta, and then as an American in the Korean music industry. Now, as an Asian-American in the Western pop market. But at the same time you don't want the thing that makes you different — your identity — to define you and your music. How do you navigate that?

Nam: Right. It's weird. To be very frank, even with Tiffany [Young] and Amber [Liu], none of us have really found our way to this level of success that we've had in Asia. And that's the goal: to find acceptance and to be on the radio and to be on Jimmy Fallon or whatever, not as a K-pop boy band like BTS but as a local singer-songwriter from LA or Atlanta or New York. So it is a very fine line. But I was born and raised here. This is home. This is where my friends are. This is where my family is. But I have to go to Korea to try to make it as a singer so I could come back here and do music, which is mental, but that's just the reality of it. You can be bitter. You can be upset that we have to do so much work to be accepted again, but I'm like, "That's just the way it is." You've just got to accept it. You've just got to believe that people will see and appreciate the value in the music and the artistry that we bring when they hear it.

MTV News: An entire movement rests on the shoulders of just a small handful of people.

Nam: I don't know if it'll work out, and if it doesn't, that's OK. We got to try. Maybe it will inspire the next generation to try even harder.The k-pop world has some rare couples who are still thriving. As there have been instances when the idols have dated beyond their contract restrictions and fans. Here is a list of break-ups in the k-pop world.

Also Read | Sulli And Other Massively Popular K-pop Stars Who Passed Away In 2019

Kai and Krystal are one of the most successful idols in the k-pop industry. However, the two did not last long as a couple. They also had a couple of name 'Kaistal' but their relationship faced flak and negative criticisms from fans. They broke up after dating for almost a year.

Also Read | Real-life K-Pop Icons That Have Been Shelling Out #CoupleGoals For Fans

Sojin and Eddy Kim dated in the year 20176 between June to December. The two had a beautiful relationship but parted ways due to work commitments and fan speculations. The entertainment companies of both the idols confirmed their separation news in December 2017.

Also Read | K-Pop Style And Fashion Tips That Every Girl Needs To Know About

EXO’s Kai and BLACKPINK’s Jennie news broke the internet in 2019. They lasted for only four months after reportedly breaking up due to their busy schedules. The power couple unexpectedly did not last long.

Suzy is one of the most sought after idol and also k-drama actor. She dated Lee Dong Wook, a popular actor and singer. However, their secret relationship ended within four to five months. The entertainment companies released a statement regarding their breakup, stating that they have work commitments and cannot make time for each other.

Initially, good friends Soul and Min dated for only six months. Their entertainment agency JYP released a statement of the end of their relationship. Some fans expressed that G.Soul ended his relationship due to his mandatory military service.

Also Read | K-pop Star Kang Daniel's New Song Drops This Month; Sparks Excitement Among Fans

Also Read | BTS Are Considered To Be Some Of The Fashionable K-pop Artists In The World, Here's Why

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.K-pop star Holland says he ‘went through a lot’ while making his new single.

The singer released the track Loved You Better last year before embarking on his first Europe tour.

Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Holland, 23, said he spent months working on Loved You Better, the longest time he has ever spent on a song.

He explained: ‘This was a song I worked really really hard on and went through a lot for. I worked on it for 4-5 months.

‘It was the first time I worked so long on one project. I tried to put my story and the scars of my past in it as well.

‘My life is in my music; I wanted my experiences and story to colour my music. I hope people can empathise with it.’

‘I’m a lot more sensitive and introverted than you’d expect and I’m not as strong or tough as you may think I am,’ he went on.

‘I hope you’d just think of me as a normal 23-year-old boy who makes music, music with meaning.’

Holland, one of the first K-Pop idols to come out as gay, also urged both his native Korea at the world to empathise with the ‘struggles of minorities’.

‘I hope that whether it’s through music or other forms of art, we’re able to address and hold these important discussions going forward,’ the Nar-C singer said.

‘That’s how we’ll be able to progress and make a better society for everyone.

‘I hope the Korean people, LGBTQ, women and other minorities can hold peaceful dialogues going forward. I dream of that kind of society and world.

His fanbase Harling will be happy to hear that he has plans to release a full-length album at some point in 2020, and he’s going to be serving up something a little different.

‘There are a lot of genres and things I haven’t tried. One of those things is dancing, I think it would be really great to dance as well. On my next tour I’m thinking I’ll be coming back with dancers!’ he teased.

MORE : Love Island 2020: Nas Majeed reveals Lewis Capaldi’s ex Paige Turley has the most annoying habit in the villa

MORE : Amy Schumer gives drowsy update on IVF treatment journey as she documents egg ‘retrieval day’When K-pop super rookies Tomorrow X Together (TXT) were named one of the Top 10 in the Worldwide Fans’ Choice category at the Mnet Asian Music Awards last month, the band reacted with almost comical levels of shock.

Taehyun and Beomgyu both looked like their jaws might hit the floor, questioning fingers pointing back at themselves. Blue-haired Yeonjun’s eyes grew cartoonishly wide while it took a second for youngest member Hueningkai to even realise their name had been called. Only group leader Soobin reacted as if this might be a completely understandable turn of events, immediately getting up from his seat and offering deep, respectful bows.

TXT’s placement in the category might have surprised the band themselves but for anyone who has been watching them over the past year, it made perfect sense. Since their debut in March with EP ‘The Dream Chapter: Star’, they’ve shown themselves to be one of the most promising new acts around. That EP and October’s debut album ‘The Dream Chapter: Magic’ presented an eclectic array, from summery R&B to new jack swing, old school hip-hop and tender acoustic lullabies. Their performances – both on TV and live – are powerful and full of infectious joy, while their bright, cheeky personalities shine through in everything they do. Simply put, they’re a group of young men (Yeonjun is the oldest at 20, Hueningkai the youngest at 17) who seem like they’re having the time of their lives making music that charts the highs and lows of growing up.



 Passion plays a big part in TXT’s success so far. You can sense it even when they’re not explicitly talking about it – ask them why they wanted to become musicians in the first place and Soobin replies: “I’ve always held a keen interest in K-pop as a whole. For a while, I knew almost every song and choreography there was to know. It’s thanks to these interests that I’ve been able to become a singer.”

“When I was fifteen, I joined the dance team at school,” says Yeonjun of his own story. “We used to perform during school festivals and I still cannot forget the thrill I felt from being on stage. As I immersed myself in dance rehearsals, I realised I had never been more passionate for anything else in all my life.”

Emerging K-pop acts, particularly those signed to the biggest agencies, will have eyes on them from the second they release their first piece of music. But for Tomorrow X Together, the number of people watching was amplified thanks to their position as the first boyband to debut on Big Hit Entertainment since BTS. When Yeonjun was revealed as the group’s first member in January 2019, his introduction video racked up over 6 million views in less than 24 hours. A year on, they seem to be taking the pressure that comes with being the hoobaes (juniors) to being one of the world’s biggest bands. “We know that BTS and Big Hit Entertainment have given us great wings to soar with and also that in order to soar we must bear the weight of our wings,” they say in our email correspondence. “It would not be truthful to say there wasn’t pressure, but we wanted to give back the support we’ve received from day one, so we’ve focused our efforts on improving our skills.”



 The only way to improve is to get out there and do it, and TXT have done just that. Last May, they embarked on a sold-out headline tour across the US (“We couldn’t believe it at first,” they say, adding that hearing fans copying the barking in ‘Cat And Dog’ was a “pleasant surprise”) and have turned out a handful of captivating music videos over the last few months. Aside from their performance skills, though, they cite their mindset as being what’s changed the most since their debut. “Before we used to get nervous because we didn’t want to make any mistakes on stage. Now, we’re even more eager to be perfect at everything – from singing to dancing, facial expressions, and live performance skills. We feel confident now.”

That confidence is abundant on ‘The Dream Chapter: Magic’, which continues to carve out their path as a unique new act and only strengthens their storytelling. A common theme is the idea of a “magic island”, both in the lyrics for Harry Potter-inspired new wave banger ‘9 And Three Quarters (Run Away)’ (“Bibbidi bobbidi the train is departing/Bibbidi bobbidi our magic island”) and in the soft, chilled pop of ‘Magic Island’ itself. “The magic island is a special place that is open to only me and my friends,” Soobin explains. “It’s like a safe house.”



 “No matter how sad and difficult a situation may be, going to that place would make me smile and be happy,” Beomgyu adds, while Hueningkai sees it is “a place where everything you imagine turns into reality.”

Fittingly for a band who’s album is called ‘Magic’, TXT count one of their number as a magician. “I was drawn to magic because it somehow defies logic and does the seemingly impossible,” Taehyun says of his hidden talent. “I thought that the world could do with more imagination, and magic makes you question and think outside of the box.”

Currently, TXT have taken a clean sweep of rookie of the year awards in all ceremonies in the 2019/2020 run, with only the Seoul Music Awards left to be announced on January 30. As they prepare to enter their second year in the spotlight, they have plenty of new experiences left to try, like holding their own concert in Korea, and showing their fans (known as MOA, short for ‘moments of alwaysness’) their own songwriting and production. So far, only Hueningkai has a songwriting credit on the fresh new jack swing of ‘Rollercoaster’.

“All five of us have been practicing writing songs and lyrics from before our debut,” they explain, saying they feel like they still need more practice. “We really wish to present our fans with our self-produced music, because we think that writing music is one of the most effective ways of expressing ourselves and our thoughts to others.”

In the future, they say they’d also like to explore even more sounds, from rock and lyrical ballads (Hueningkai) to something led by piano and guitar (Beomgyu). “I personally really like the music of DEAN,” Yeonjun says, citing the Korean singer’s future R&B style as something in his sights. Soobin, meanwhile, is keen to try out acapella. “I recently watched a clip from an audition programme and was shocked that the human voice alone could create such rich and full sounds, as well as imitate so many different instruments,” he says.

Armed with the expertise of Big Hit and their own innate curiosity and passion, Tomorrow X Together should be able to pull off whatever they try their hand at next. After all, if their first year in the spotlight has shown us anything, it’s that these super rookies can rise above the pressure and put their best foot forward always.Félix ‘xQc‘ Lengyel received a bizarre message from a K-Pop fan, lashing out at the streamer for his opinion on the music genre and those who enjoy it.

K-Pop is one of the biggest music genres in the world, and has amassed a truly fanatical audience that lives and breathes for popular bands like BTS, BLACKPINK, and Exo, and are staunchly defensive of their favorite musicians and the culture surrounding them.

These groups originated in South Korea, often made up of five or more members, who release music across multiple genres, complete with high-quality music videos and incredible dance routines that have captured the imaginations of people across the globe.

For xQc though, the love of K-Pop is beyond confusing, going on a rant during his January 6 stream, questioning why anyone likes it.

“Watch BTS?” he read from his chat, as a viewer tried to convince him to give the band a shot. “What’s BTS? Behind the scenes? Oh, it’s K-Pop sh*t. Can I ask dude, what is it with K-Pop dude?”
• Read More: Joe Rogan explains why he loved Ricky Gervais’ Golden Globes speech

“Every bit of K-Pop is treated like it’s gold, and it’s the best piece of art ever created in the whole wide world when it’s absolute f**king dogsh*t. It is literal trash. Everyone is like ‘Oh my God, this is one of the top gender-neutral choreographies,’ and I’m like dude, it’s four hand-swings. At least if it was good dancing I could get behind good dancing.”

Following his criticism, the 24-year-old was ending his stream when he received a direct message from a K-Pop fan who had seen his rant, calling out the streamer for his opinions. In fact, he was so surprised by the DM that he decided to read it out for his audience, removing his “stream ending” screen just to let everyone know what it said.

“What the f**ck is this dude? Holy sh*t. There’s no way this is real,” he said, before launching into the message. “‘You say BTS sucks. You make fun of me for liking them. Tell me I’m stupid. Turns out you’re the stupid one. I want to be different. I’m sick of being what others want me to be. I want to dance out of nowhere, sing in another language. I want to be kawaii. I want to hug and snuggle my only friend because you two-faced, frick-frack, tik-tak idiots are too scared to be my friend.'”

This isn’t the first time that xQc has had a run-in with K-Pop lovers, with the streamer revealing back in 2018 that he had received death threats when he stated that a girl he saw in a video performing a dance routine looked like she lacked confidence.

One thing is for sure, the messages he receives from K-Pop fans certainly haven’t convinced him to keep his opinions to himself, and it seems like they haven’t been able to convince him on the merits of the genre and community just yet.Various K-Pop idols had been announcing temporary breaks from their activities in the music scene due to mental health reasons recently.

The K-Pop scene had been experiencing back-to-back announcements regarding hiatuses brought upon by problems like anxiety and other mental health concerns for the past month.

With idols having been struggling with issues on their mental health for years, it is more than about time for proper measures to care for artists to be done and observed by companies, including giving them the time they need to rest and get in a better state.

As K-Pop is currently at the height of its popularity, the working schedules of idols also play a part in the state of their mental health. Besides the stress, being overworked can make people forget, or not have the time to, properly sleep, eat, or drink – resulting in poor health. Along with the hectic job, idols are also subject to stress brought by various things such as the pressure from being in the spotlight, online hate, and more.

Recently, a number of K-Pop idols have announced their temporary hiatuses to get adequate rest and time for dealing with their mental health concerns.

On January 13, OH MY GIRL’S Jiho announced that she will be taking a break for the meantime until further notice to focus on her health. She was shared to have been receiving treatment from medical professionals after experiencing not just anxiety but also poor health conditions ever since the second half of 2019.

“Recently, the symptoms of her anxiety had worsened, and we decided that it would be difficult for her to carry out activities as part of OH MY GIRL like the usual. With our artist’s health as priority, we decided that she should take a temporary break,” WM Entertainment shared through an official statement.

“We will do our best to focus on recovering and maintaining Jiho’s health so that her hiatus is not prolonged. We ask fans to continue sending OH MY GIRL warm love and support,” the agency added.

After sitting out from his group’s various activities including some stops of the Jingle Ball Tour, Golden Disc Awards, and the V Heartbeat event in Vietnam, the MONSTA X rapper was announced to be putting a halt on promotional activities for the meantime as well due to anxiety.

“Joohoney recently visited multiple professional medical institutions for accurate diagnosis regarding anxiety symptoms. The results of the examination showed that due to anxiety symptoms, sufficient rest and stability are essential for him to make a full recovery. We have had a thorough discussion with Joohoney and MONSTA X members and have decided to take continuous treatment and stability which focus on the restoration of Joohoney,” Starship Entertainment relayed to fans through an official statement.

With this, it was revealed that he would not be participating in upcoming activities such as MONSTA X’s upcoming fan-con in Seoul, and his return “will be based on his recovery status and professional opinion, which will also be conducted through careful consultation with Joohoney and the members.”

The LOONA member announced her hiatus on January 8 through an official statement from her agency after receiving a diagnosis saying that she is showing symptoms of anxiety disorder. With the priority of her treatment and restoring her health being placed first, she, her family, and her agency have all decided that she will not be participating in LOONA’s upcoming comeback.

READ: LOONA’s Haseul To Take A Temporary Break From Activities For Health Reasons

Although he did not completely sit out from promoting with Stray Kids, Han held limited participation in the group’s various activities recently after an announcement from JYP Entertainment on December 15 informing fans of the rapper-vocalist-producer’s intermittent psychological anxiety.

“Although there are no problems with the majority of his regular broadcast schedules and stages, he feels extreme tension when he is close to groups of people,” the agency informed fans, along with noting that the Stray Kids member’s health has improved through active treatment. With this, Han sat out from fan signing events and filming for the 2020 Idol Star Athletics Championships, and his appearance in upcoming scheduled events will have to be selective.

READ: Stays Shower Stray Kids’ Han With Love After Announcement On His Current Mental Health Condition

Earlier on December 12, Starship Entertainment also announced that WJSN’s Dawon will be taking time off to rest and recuperate after being diagnosed with anxiety disorder recently. The diagnosis came after the singer showed symptoms of psychological anxiety after receiving treatment and detailed examinations at a hospital, and it was decided that she will be halting participation in all activities in order to rest.

On December 4, KONNECT Entertainment announced that Kang Daniel will be putting a break on his promotions after informing fans about his battle with depression and panic disorder. According to the agency, the soloist had been visiting the hospital beginning from the first half of the year after experiencing poor health due to a weak immune system and psychological anxiety.

“After being examined by doctors, he was diagnosed with depression and panic disorder. He has since continued to focus on receiving treatment through psychotherapy and medication,” KONNECT Entertainment also relayed, along with announcing their regrets to put a sudden halt on Daniel’s promotions for his then-ongoing comeback.

READ: Kang Daniel To Halt Promotions After Opening Up About His Current Mental Health Status

The SEVENTEEN leader announced an indefinite hiatus as well on November 18 to get his much-needed temporary break given the current state of his mental well-being.

“S.Coups has recently been undergoing a detailed examination and diagnosis of his health, due to symptoms of anxiety. After a thorough discussion, all of the SEVENTEEN members including S.Coups himself, have decided that it would be best for him to take the time to rest and temporarily sit out from participating in SEVENTEEN’s activities,” Pledis Entertainment informed fans.

READ: SEVENTEEN’s S.Coups To Take A Temporary Hiatus To Prioritize His Mental Health

Along with these recent announcements of hiatuses from various idols, TWICE’s Mina had also taken a hiatus earlier in June 2019 which made her miss some stops for her group’s world tour. JYP Entertainment had announced the TWICE member’s gradual return to activities recently, which includes her participation in the group’s upcoming &TWICE meet and greet event in Japan this February 1 and 2.

Her groupmate Jihyo also recently shared a statement where she talked about her own battle with anxiety, which was made harder by the countless amount of negative comments thrown at her.

READ: TWICE’s Dahyun To Also Sit Out From Group Event Along With Mina Due To Health IssuesK-pop has come to dominate my workout playlist over the past three years, and I'm not even shocked at this point. If you've ever gone down the K-pop rabbit hole, you understand: the more you look, the more songs you find that have that chef's-kiss perfect combination of intensity and high BPM that make you want to sprint and sprint with the beat pumping nonstop in your ears.

When it comes to cardio, trust me when I say that a solid K-pop playlist will keep you going until you collapse. These are the songs I go to during mile 10 of my long runs, or when the hardest incline section hits on the treadmill, or when my quads are screaming on the bike and I still have 15 minutes to go. Here are 18 of the highest-intensity K-pop tracks I could find, designed to power you through the worst parts of your cardio session. Hit play, swipe up the volume, and take it to the next level.BTS attends Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve With Ryan Seacrest 2020 on December 31, 2019 in New York City. Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images for Dick Clark Productions/AFP/GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA.

We all have songs that, no matter how often or loud we play them, we simply can’t admit we love. You know, tracks we just think we're too cool for. These guilty pleasures are actually pretty universal, so there’s no reason not to shout their lyrics to the heavens. And according to United Kingdom-based ticket search engine TickX, there’s one genre most people can’t help but love: K-pop.

It analysed the top 1,000 Spotify playlists containing the words “guilty pleasure” in the title and found that there were 29 K-pop songs in the top 100. Other top genres include dance pop, Latin, boy band, and pop.

No surprises here, but the study found that this trend started with the global rise of boy band BTS, which has 13 tracks on the list, making it the number one guilty pleasure artist.

BTS is directly followed by 90s icon Britney Spears. Other K-pop artists in the top 10 are BLACK PINK (4th), Red Velvet (8th), and EXO (9th).

As for songs, the number one guilty pleasure is "Wannabe" by the Spice Girls. This is followed by “I Want It That Way” by The Backstreet Boys, "Toxic" by Britney Spears, “Party in the USA” by Miley Cryus, and “…Baby, One More Time,” again by Spears.

BTS songs in the top 100 are “Boy With Luv (feat. Halsey)” (6th), “DNA” (11th), “Blood Sweat & Tears” (14th), “FAKE LOVE” (20th), “Euphoria” (28th), “Burning Up (Fire)” (30th) and “MIC Drop (Steve Aoki Remix)” (31st). Other K-pop songs like “Fancy” by Twice, “Love Shot” by EXO, “Shine” by Pentagon, and “BBoom BBoom” by Momoland are also on the list.

TickX looked into the characteristics of guilty pleasures and studied the average beats per minute, valence (how positive a track is), danceability, energy, duration, and year of release of each of the songs on the top 100.

They found that K-pop songs scored slightly higher than average in most aspects. They tend to be newer; have longer running times, higher energy, and faster pace; and are more danceable. The only thing most of these K-pop bops lacked was valence because it turns out that their lyrics tend to be very serious.

“…if you're not true to yourself, your love won't last forever. The love could be person to person, it could be between me and myself,” he told Teen Vogue.Proving they’re more than just a global phenomena, BTS have now entered the history books. The beloved outfit is the first K-pop act to go platinum in the US.

As Billboard reports, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has awarded BTS’ Love Yourself: Answer platinum status. The album originally dropped in 2018 and boasted the single “IDOL”, which also is a certified platinum seller.



According to the RIAA guidelines, a platinum album must earn at least “1 million equivalent album units in the US.” One “album unit” can be a single album sale, 10 tracks sold from said LP, or 1,500 audio and/or video streams from the album.

Map of the Soul: Persona may soon join Answer in the elite platinum club. Although it was just released in 2019, Persona has already reached gold status, meaning it’s moved 500,000 album units.

Today’s exciting news comes ahead of BTS’ next full-length, Map of the Soul: 7, set to drop February 21st. The K-pop band is expected to perform one of its singles, “Black Swan”, live for the first time on the Late Late Show with James Corden on January 28th, and will also take the stage at the 2020 Grammys this Sunday (with Lil Nas X!). In the spring, BTS will embark on their biggest North American tour to date. Purchase your tickets here.Organised by Grace & Co, the event features a star-studded line-up, including K-Pop acts NCT 127 and Laboum, South Korean duo RGP, solo singer Jun, along with veteran idol act Super Junior as the headliner.

This marks the city’s second major K-Pop concert, following 2018’s ‘SMTown Live World Tour VI in Dubai’ where SM Entertainment’s artists Super Junior and NCT’s subunits — NCT U and NCT Dream — performed in front of a reported 15,000 fans. It’s also the arena’s first K-Pop concert since its establishment last June.

Last year, groups Seventeen and SF9 took over the stage at the Dubai World Trade Centre as ambassadors of the Korea Brand and Content Expo 2019 Dubai.

Super Junior are no strangers to the Middle East, crediting their massive fan base in Dubai and Saudi Arabia. They performed in Saudi Arabia as part of the country’s Jeddah Season last year and have had always managed to have a strong presence on the region’s iTunes chart.

Their ELF fans can expect the iconic act to electrify the stage and perform tracks from their upcoming ninth full album titled, ‘Timeless’, and some of their greatest hits.

Another popular choice among listeners in the country is no doubt their label mates NCT 127. Its members Tayeong and Mark flew to Dubai last year to shoot supergroup SuperM’s ‘Jopping’ music video.

It will be the first time all-female girl group Laboum and South Korean artists RGP and Jun will hit the stage in the country.

The global phenomenon is increasingly growing in the UAE and the demand is undeniable. The catchy music always manages to rank high and in the Top 10 of the local iTunes chart and K-Pop-related hashtags trends high on Twitter in the UAE. Coca-Cola Arena’s #KPopinUAE was no different.BTS enjoys a huge fan following worldwide and there's no denying it! The BTS members include of Jimin, Jungkook, J-Hope, RM, Jin, Suga and V. The BTS superstars are currently creating buzz due to their Grammys performance. For the uninitiated, BTS performed with Lil Nas X on Old Town Road. That's not all! The K-pop band made history with their debut performance at the Grammy Awards and ARMY can't keep calm. BTS has won millions of hearts worldwide and their fan following speaks for itself. A few days ago, WWE superstar John Cena mentioned that he is a huge BTS fan. When asked about his favourite members, John responded saying, J-Hope and RM. Not just John Cena, BTS have found fan following in celebrities such as Camila Cabello, Joe Jonas, James Corden, Ed Sheeran, Halsey among others. Speaking about Indian celebrities, there are few who are extremely fond of the K Pop band. And today, we bring you a list of the same.K-pop idols end up landing roles in Korean dramas as well. This marks their beginning in acting career which eventually is a good career path for the young guns. According to multiple k-media reports, a K-pop idol brings extra coverage to the dramas as they have an existing fan base. We list down some of the best Korean dramas with K-pop idols as lead roles.

Also Read | Real-life K-Pop Icons That Have Been Shelling Out #CoupleGoals For Fans

For anyone interested in K-drama’s and want to watch the best one with Korean idols and singers in it, then this is it. From IU in the lead role to Exo’s Baekhyun in the supporting act, Moon Lovers is one of the most popular k-drama with k-idols in it. The storyline dates back to the Goryeo era and the modern era, through which the lead IU travels during the time of the total eclipse.

This drama portrays the sad truth of Korea’s plastic surgery frenzy. The female lead undergoes extensive surgeries to look better and be accepted. On the other hand, ASTRO’s Cha Eun Woo, the popular k-pop idol is the good looking male lead in the drama. The story is a series of realisations about the pre-conceived notions of the Korean beauty standards, a must-watch for sure!

Also Read | K-Pop Style And Fashion Tips That Every Girl Needs To Know About

This funny cliché drama is a series of short episodes. In the drama, almost the entire members of popular k-pop boy group EXO are the cast members. As the name suggests, the drama is about a lost friend who is later found living next door. EXO’s Chan Yeol is seen in the lead role. Moreover, Baekhyun, Kai, Do Kyung Soo all from EXO are in the star cast.

The action thriller drama has popular Girl’s Generation Member In Yoon Ah in it. She is paired opposite one of the most popular k-drama actors of all time, Ji Chang Wook. The drama was a success when it aired and is another must watch suggestion for anyone.

Bangtan Sonyeondan or BTS’ V( Kim Tae Hyung) as Han Sung and Park Hyung Sik of ZE:A as King Sam Maek-jong in Hwarang. This drama is full of K-pop idols in the lead roles. The drama revolves around a king struggling to find his place in the kingdom. This drama is serious but has some comic elements overall.

Also Read | K-pop Star Kang Daniel's New Song Drops This Month; Sparks Excitement Among Fans

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.In huge, groundbreaking news for the Korean K-pop industry, Big Hit Entertainment was rumored earlier today to have begun plans to acquire Pledis Entertainment - both companies are K-pop powerhouses in the South Korean music industry. However, Big Hit Entertainment later played down the rumors, saying that nothing of the sort had been decided or completed and that any news of a merger was probably just hype.

Earlier today, it was reported by Korean news outlet Sports Dong-A that Big Hit Entertainment, the heavyweight entertainment company that houses BTS and TXT among other K-pop bands on its roster, had completed the initial procedures required to buy Pledis Entertainment, which is a separate K-pop music label that is home to bands like Seventeen, NU'EST, and more.

If this story is indeed confirmed to be true, it will be Big Hit Entertainment's second major acquisition after its historic merger with Source Music in July 2019. Source Music is the current home of the six-member K-pop girl group GFriend. Under the terms of the acquisition last year, Source Music would maintain its autonomy and operational independence while remaining under the Big Entertainment umbrella. It was expected that the same terms and conditions would hold true for Pledis Entertainment in their day-to-day operations.

In the initial report, it was also allegedly said that if Pledis did merge with Big Hit, they would shift their offices to Big Hit Entertainment's new building complex in Yongsan by May 2020. Music industry executives from both music labels were said to be excited about the upcoming acquisition, saying it "will surely exude a stronger synergy in the future." Considering both companies have some of the biggest K-pop groups on their books, and plenty of experience in the international music scene, the label insiders were reportedly saying that this merger would "strengthen the aspects in artists-in-training, and in spreading online content and fortifying a global network."

However, after reports of the alleged Pledis acquisition emerged, Big Hit Entertainment appeared to later shoot down the story on January 13 (KST), saying that nothing had been decided yet. At least this is according to a statement made by a Big Hit Entertainment insider, who said, "We are open to many different opportunities, but nothing has been concluded on acquiring Pledis Entertainment."

That seems to be a rather conclusive and deliberate response by Big Hit Entertainment in order to quell the rumors that have been swirling around regarding their takeover of Pledis Entertainment. There will be more updates on this story as they emerge.Take a look at one of the world's deepest swimming poolsK-pop bleef maar groeien het afgelopen decennium. De Koreaanse muziekstroming die bekendstaat om de strakke choreografieën en pakkende muziek, groeide uit tot een miljardenindustrie, met concerten over de hele wereld. De kaartjes voor de optredens van grote bands zijn vaak in no time uitverkocht.

Maar dat het succes een keerzijde heeft, werd afgelopen maanden duidelijk. In korte tijd werden drie K-popsterren, Sulli, Goo Hara en Cha In-ha, dood gevonden. Ze maakten hoogstwaarschijnlijk zelf een einde aan hun leven. Het vermoeden is dat het leven als K-popster een rol heeft gespeeld.

Hoe ziet het leven van een K-popster eruit? Wat is de prijs die je betaalt voor het succes? Om dat uit te zoeken sprak NOS Stories met oud-trainees, experts en een K-popster zelf.Super Junior (SUJU) menjadi salah satu artis Kpop yang memilih membatalkan dua konser mereka yang dijadwalkan pada Selasa (28/1/2020).JANUARY 30, 2020 — Firecrackers and lion dancers will kick things off at the annual Asian Festival on the grounds of the UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures on Saturday, Feb. 1.

Growing well beyond its original form as a Chinese New Year celebration, the Asian Festival has evolved into a commemoration of the diverse Asian diaspora, welcoming cultures from the Ural Mountains to the islands of the Pacific.

From the traditional to the contemporary, two stages will host a range of dancers and entertainers—from the famed San Antonio Lion Dance Association to KPM, a Korean pop music, or K-pop, dance team. The institute’s Back 40 outdoor area includes a space for martial arts demonstrations from various schools: Okinawan Karate, Korean Kung Jun Mu Sul, Filipino Garimot Arnis, Japanese Sumo, and more.

The Asian Festival prides itself on spectacular food and has gathered a variety of flavors for this year’s menu. From one side of the continent to the other, guests can try Turkish doner, Pakistani samosas, Indian biryani, Indonesian satay, Korean bulgogi, Japanese ramen, Filipino lumpia, Hawaiian musubi and dozens of other options.

⇒ For ticket information, presale tickets and other festival details, visit AsianFestivalSA.com.

Inside the institute, guests can find the auditorium transformed into a gallery of bonsai trees, demonstrating the care and patience that goes into the Japanese art form. Another room hosts the anime convention organizers from San Japan, with popular anime showings, computer gaming and other activities. A mahjong table will host a steady stream of guests interested in learning the popular Chinese game.

The Asian Festival remains one of San Antonio’s favorite family-friendly events, with hands-on activities and opportunities to learn through experience.

The Asian Festival is 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Feb. 1, at the UTSA Institute of Texan Cultures.Huang Zitao, popularly known as Tao, who is also a former member of popular K-pop group EXO, was recently mistaken for a BTS member. While he was shooting for his Chinese variety show The Protectors, Tao noticed the girls while they were in between the live segment of their show. He willingly posed with them for photographs after noticing their eagerness.

Also Read | 'BTS', 'BLACKPINK' Bag 2 Nominations Each In IHeartRadio Awards 2020!

However, Tao was in for a surprise, as he was later confronted by the girls. They asked him whether he belongs to the K-pop boy group BTS, as the girls found profound resemblance. Whilst Tao was still trying to understand their question, the girls repeated their question.

To this Tao was caught in utter surprise. He could not believe this. Later, he corrected them by saying that he was a former member of EXO.

Also Read | EXO Make Their Long-awaited Comeback With New MV 'Obsession'

One of the girls was familiar with the group, however, the other one was not. Though Tao was humble to this little confusion, he later asked the cameramen and producers to cut the part as he was embarrassed about them not knowing about EXO. He later exclaimed that EXO was popular when BTS were still in their struggle phase. Some of the fans of BTS took this sportingly, while some threw shade on Tao’s reaction about BTS.

Also Read | EXO Member Kai Threatens To Call The Cops After A Fan Waits Outside His House

Here are some fan reactions:

Also Read | Ryan Reynolds Jokes About Having An EXO Themed Tattoo On His Lower Back

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.From McKinsey to K-Pop: Wharton Alum Has Locked BTS in a Cage

When 2017 Wharton MBA graduate Steve Donovan left McKinsey, he was worried that his days of facilitating the immoral detainment of innocent people were over. He doesn’t have to worry anymore! As of this morning, Donovan has locked world-renowned K-pop supergroup BTS in a small steel cage.

“It’s not the kind of opportunity that comes along very often,” said Donovan in an exclusive interview with Under the Button. “As soon as I got the call telling me I could get the chance to help enclose BTS behind cold metal bars, I knew that I had to take it.”

Donovan expressed admiration for the work of BTS in speaking with UTB representatives. “They’re huge, you know? My boss at McKinsey is going to be so proud of me for this. I mean, children are one thing, but K-pop stars? That’s a big deal.”

In closing, Donovan thoughtfully conveyed a sense of humility about the opportunity. “Obviously I get to do stuff like this at McKinsey all the time, but being able to lock undeserving people in jail in my personal life, too? I mean, how lucky am I?”2020 marks the start of a new decade, so it’s the perfect time to reminisce and take a walk through some of the best K-pop of the past one! K-pop has exploded over the past 10 years, bringing us countless dance hits, sizzling summer tracks, heart-wrenching ballads, and empowering anthems. Obviously the 2010s are filled with too many well-deserving hits to name on one list, but the 20 songs featured here pushed boundaries to infuse K-pop with exciting new sounds, achieved immense popularity, and became K-pop classics that truly defined the 2010s. So to ring in 2020, here are 20 songs that defined the past decade, in order of their release!

It’s been almost 10 years since miss A debuted with “Bad Girl, Good Girl,” but the attention-grabbing “you don’t know me” is still one of the most iconic song intros in K-pop. The track was sexy and daring for a debut, but it served miss A well: it slayed the music charts and swept several awards in 2010, setting the ladies up for major success both as a group and eventually as solo artists. Plus, this choreo just doesn’t get old:

A lot has changed in both K-pop and Highlight since 2011: the group has gone through some lineup changes and switched names since their debut in 2009. But just a few notes of the intro to “Fiction” are enough to put any longtime K-pop fan in their feels. The song’s mournfulness is haunting yet cathartic, and the so-called “penguin dance” of the chorus quickly became the “it” dance of the year, cementing BEAST’s place as one of the defining boy groups of the early 2010s.

2NE1 was one of the defining K-pop acts of this decade, and their versatile discography featured hits ranging from the wistful “Lonely” to the reggae/hip-hop “Come Back Home.” But “I Am The Best” is their crowning jewel: a badass proclamation of self-confidence featuring the girls decked out in leather and spikes, literally smashing records — as if we needed a reminder that they’re K-pop royalty! The song was featured on American TV shows and commercials years after its release, proving that this hit never gets old.

As we mourn the recent loss of Goo Hara, we can celebrate her life and her legacy: KARA brought us hit after hit before their disbandment, and “Step” is perhaps one of the most characteristically K-pop K-pop songs to exist. It’s upbeat, cheerful, impossibly catchy, and set to a music video filled with bright colors and a dance that makes you want to get up and join — there’s a reason this song has been featured on arcade dance games and caught attention worldwide.

“Bubble Pop!” is an iconic song of this decade, and a career-defining track for HyunA, showing that no one does sexy quite like this queen — the song’s choreo isn’t afraid to get a little risqué! “Bubble Pop!” made it to the U.S.’s World Digital Song Sales chart, and was even featured on an episode of the American show “Family Guy.” “Bubble Pop!” is such carefree, flirty fun that we’re not surprised it has gone down as a K-pop classic!

PSY singlehandedly launched K-pop into the global spotlight when “Gangnam Style” rose to viral fame in 2012. It’s still one of the most-viewed YouTube videos ever, thanks to a combination of the MV’s meme-worthiness and the fact that the song manages to be both whimsically weird and downright lit (c’mon, you know it’s catchy!). But it’s more than that: “Gangnam Style” is actually a social commentary; a parody of the elite Gangnam area and the wealthy Seoulites who live there. Plus, we dare you to name a more iconic dance from any music genre.

BIGBANG’s impact on K-pop simply can’t be understated as the group, guided by G-Dragon’s songwriting and producing talents, constantly pushed the forefront of new trends and sounds in K-pop, influencing countless junior artists along the way. From the R&B/hip-hop “Bad Boy” to the quirky “Bae Bae,” BIGBANG has done it all — but “Fantastic Baby” is probably the most representative of the group’s immense discography. Everything from the looks (TOP’s mint hair? GD’s infamous “seaweed” ‘do?) to the phrases (“boom shakalaka,” anyone?) to the flawless beat make “Fantastic Baby” one of the best dance songs of the decade.

After the major success of their insanely catchy electronic-dance hits “Ring Ding Dong” (2009) and “Lucifer” (2010), SHINee made a return to their signature jazzy style with “Sherlock.” The song not only forever changed the way we hear the phrase “I’m so curious,” but also showcased the members’ vocal talents and harmonizing abilities. “Sherlock” is also a creative masterpiece in more than one way: it’s actually a hybrid of two other songs on their album (“Clue” and “Note”), and its dance, crafted by a choreographer who has worked with Michael Jackson, remains one of the most dynamic and interesting choreographies in K-pop. Their live performances of “Sherlock” blew us away, and reminded us that no one can do it like SHINee!

Of Girls’ Generation’s formidable discography, “I Got A Boy” stands out as the most remarkable and experimental. The track tells a story by shifting through nine distinct sections, each noticeably different in tempo and tone, that somehow work together to form a cohesive masterpiece of a song. It was the first to perfect this eclectic style that can be heard in some more recent K-pop hits (think some of NCT’s singles or SuperM’s “Jopping“). The MV for “I Got A Boy” is wacky, colorful, and features the girls in all kinds of fashion that we don’t even know how to describe — but it’s hard to look away, and impossible to get bored with this varied and totally addicting song.

The sheer simplicity of “Eyes, Nose, Lips” allows Taeyang’s emotions to shine through, and this raw emotion is precisely what makes the song so captivating. “Eyes, Nose, Lips,” which was written for Taeyang’s now-wife Min Hyo Rin in the earlier stages of their relationship, swept “Song of the Year” at multiple awards shows. The track is paired with a gorgeously stripped-down MV of the singer, bare-chested, pouring his heart into the song. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call this the ballad of the decade!

SISTAR weren’t called the “queens of summer” for nothing, and SISTAR summers have been another defining part of the 2010s: while the group was still together, we could always count on these ladies to deliver a sexy warm-weather anthem. While we loved hits like “Give It To Me,” “So Cool,” and “I Like That,” “Touch My Body” is the height of flirty, carefree, summery fun — with a choreo that SISTAR nails, but that many a boy group member has parodied to hilarious effect!

“Growl” may have been EXO’s major breakthrough, but the group achieved the pinnacle of boy band perfection in “Call Me Baby”: it’s just the right blend of playful, flirty, a little sexy, and unbelievably catchy. As if the leather jackets, hint of eyeliner, and outrageously flirty facial expressions (looking at you, Kai and Chen!) of the MV weren’t enough, the way the camera follows the boys as they glide across various sets and through their downright addictive choreography makes this a video that we can watch again and again. And of course, the MV ends with the guys breaking it down in the classic random warehouse set that we have come to know and love this decade.

The 2010s have also brought unprecedented tragedy in the K-pop industry, and in the wake of bad news, many members of the K-pop community have turned to Lee Hi’s “Breathe” as a source of comfort. Listening to this soulful ballad feels like getting a healing hug from an old friend; and in addition to its beautiful melody and Lee Hi’s sparkling vocals, “Breathe” is made all the more special by the fact that it was written by SHINee’s Jonghyun.

“Cheer Up” was not only the best-performing song of 2016 in terms of streams and downloads, but also the track that established TWICE as one of the top K-pop groups of the decade. It showcases each member’s unique talents, has an iconic choreography, and spawned many an imitation of the famous “shy shy shy” line. In signature TWICE style, it’s quirky, upbeat, and infectiously catchy: “Cheer Up” has been stuck in our heads since 2016, and it never fails to cheer us up!

BTS has had too many hits to count since their debut in 2013, but “Blood Sweat & Tears” marked a turning point for the group as well as for the landscape of K-pop. The song’s beats made it one of the first major forays of a K-pop group into the tropical house genre that has since become pervasive in the K-pop of recent years. “Blood Sweat & Tears” is also the full package: the music video set new aesthetic standards with its richly artistic backgrounds, its elaborate storyline based on the novel “Demian,” and its iconic dance. The track won BTS numerous awards and well-deserved recognition that began their trajectory into worldwide renown — K-pop was never the same after “Blood Sweat & Tears”!

The so-called “Nation’s Little Sister,” IU has been one of the most prolific K-pop artists of the decade since her 2010 hit “Good Day” launched her into the spotlight. But the singer-songwriter’s work has become more reflective over the last few years: beginning with “Twenty-Three,” IU has started to pen more autobiographical songs — and personal though they may be, these tracks are incredibly relatable. In “Palette,” IU is figuring out what she likes and who she is as she grows up and approaches adulthood. And, in keeping with the genre-mixing that K-pop has embraced more and more, IU features a rap verse from G-Dragon, who reassures her that it’s ok to just be herself. It’s a career-defining song for one of the top artists of the 2010s!

Is there a song that captures the feeling of summer as perfectly as this one? Listening to “Red Flavor” recalls the feeling of the summer sun on your skin, the excitement of summer romance, and of course, the taste of sweet fruity treats. The combination of Red Velvet’s signature quirky style with warm-weather vibes was bound to make “Red Flavor” a hit: it earned spots on music charts around the world and even became one of the songs that Red Velvet performed during a historic 2018 concert in North Korea. This is a track we’ll be bringing out every summer for at least the next decade, too!

Starting with the first season of “Produce 101” in 2016, survival shows have become a defining feature of the K-pop industry and produced many top groups of recent years. Supergroup Wanna One’s hit “Energetic” characterizes the style of these groups with its youthful infectiousness, and also deserves a spot on this list for another reason: in line with the increasing trend towards idols that are also songwriters/producers, it was written by PENTAGON members Hui and Wooseok. This collaborative effort among idols from various agencies gave us one of the best dance tracks of recent years!

It’s hard to exaggerate the popularity of “Love Scenario”: the song spent a record-breaking 6 consecutive weeks at the top of Korea’s Gaon Chart, won numerous year-end awards, and was even loved by kindergarteners and elementary school students in Korea. The track owes its success largely to its simple, easygoing melody, which speaks to a larger trend towards minimalism in 2018 (like in PENTAGON’s “Shine” or IU’s “BBIBBI“). For a breakup song, it’s neither sad nor relieved, but strangely affirming, making it one of a kind!

BLACKPINK has succeeded with every single they’ve released since their debut in 2016, but they really took the world by storm when they hit us with that ddu-du ddu-du in 2018. The music video for “DDU-DU DDU-DU” still has the most views (over 1 billion!) for a K-pop group, and the MV and song were named among the best of the year on multiple lists worldwide, from The New York Times to Rolling Stone magazine. It’s easy to see why: the flashy visuals, rich colors, and jaw-dropping fashion match the song’s fierce beats and unforgettable chorus.

Because it was almost impossible to narrow down to 20 songs, here are five that almost made the cut and that we couldn’t resist mentioning.

Hey Soompiers, which of these songs are your faves? What other songs would you add to this list? Let’s reminisce in the comments!

hgordon stays up way too late on weeknights marathoning K-dramas and trying to keep up with the latest K-pop releases. Follow her adventures in Seoul on Instagram.A K-pop Super Concert presenting five Korean K-pop bands is heading to Dubai on the 20th of March in Dubai’s Coca-Cola Arena.

Super Junior and NCT 127 will be joined by South Korean reggae duo RGP and five-member girl group Laboum and Jun.

They will all be hitting the stage together in the UAE for the first time.

The news came after the venue teased yesterday that a “super event” was coming to Dubai on Friday, March 20, with the hashtag #KpopinUAE.

NCT 127 is the second subunit of boy band NCT, they made history by becoming the first K-pop group to perform at the 2019 MTV Europe Music Awards in Spain.

Super Junior performed in Saudi Arabia at the Jeddah Season Festival as one of the first K-pop acts to head to the country. Their concert not only sold out but crashed the ticket website an hour later.

The last full-blown K-pop concert was arguably SM Town Live in 2018.

You can register for tickets for the K-pop Super Concert 2020 here. We’re very excited.

– For more about Dubai’s lifestyle, news and fashion scene straight to your newsfeed, follow us on FacebookScroll To See More Images

With two No. 1 albums on the Billboard World chart and seven hit singles, it isn’t hard understand why BLACKPINK is one of the most popular girl groups in the world. But how were BLACKPINK’s members discovered? Lisa, Jennie, Rosé and Jisoo have been in the band since it debuted with “Boombayah” in 2016, but what were their lives like before BLACKPINK and how did they become trainees for YG Entertainment? Well, like most K-pop bands, BLACKPINK’s road to success is complicated.

BLACKPINK, formed by YG Entertainment (one of the “Big 3” entertainment companies in K-pop), debuted in August 2016 with their first single “Boombayah.” Since then, the four-member girl group has achieved international success. The band, which has sold millions of records worldwide, became the first K-pop act to perform at Coachella in April 2019. The girl group also has a song, titled “Kiss and Make Up,” with Grammy winner Dua Lipa, and has caught the attention of celebrities like Harry Styles (who attended one of their concerts in April) and Ariana Grande. So, yes, if you haven’t heard of BLACKPINK by now, it’s time to catch up. And what a better way to start than learning how the band’s four members—Lisa, Jennie, Rosé and Jisoo—became a part of BLACKPINK in the first place.

Jennie was the first BLACKPINK member to become a trainee at YG Entertainment. According to Korea Boo, Jennie moved from Seoul, South Korea, to New Zealand at 10 years old. While she was a student at ACG Parnell College in Auckland, New Zealand, Jennie was interviewed for a documentary by the network MBC, where she revealed that she listened to a lot of K-pop and had dreams of becoming an entertainer. (The documentary also made her first BLACKPINK member to be on TV.)

When she was 14, Jennie’s parents wanted to transfer her to a school in Florida in the United States to become a lawyer, but Jennie, who had dreams of becoming a ballet dancer when she was young, convinced her parents to allow her to return to Seoul, so she could pursue a music career. That same year, she auditioned for YG Entertainment with Rihanna’s “Take a Bow” and became a trainee. Jennie, who sings and raps in most of BLACKPINK’s songs, initially auditioned as a singer, but the heads at YG convinced her to train as a rapper as well after learning that she was one of the few trainees who could speak English. As a trainee, Jennie was featured in the music videos of several other K-pop stars, such as G-Dragon and Lee Hi. Jennie has also expressed that she was worried she would never debut after spending six years as a trainee at YG. Now, she’s considered one of BLACKPINK’s vocalists and rappers.

In 2010, Lisa attended an audition in Thailand, where she was born and raised, to be a trainee at YG Entertainment. Of the 4,000 people who auditioned, Lisa was the only one to pass. When she moved to South Korea in 2011 to be a trainee at YG, Lisa, who was in a dance crew in Thailand before BLACKPINK, didn’t know a word of Korean. She studied hard at the language and eventually became fluent enough to be a rapper in BLACKPINK. As a trainee, Lisa was featured in the music videos of K-pop stars, such as Taeyang. Though Lisa sings in some of BLACKPINK’s songs, rapping is where she shines. As a Thai, she’s also the only member who isn’t of Korean descent.

Jisoo, BLACKPINK’s lead vocals, became a trainee at YG Entertainment in July 2011. On an episode of Radio Star, she revealed that she was scouted by an SM Entertainment agent at a YG Entertainment concert, where she turned the offer down. Along with her K-pop career, Jisoo is also an established actress. Before her debut, she starred in commercials for brands like Samsonite, LG Electronics and Nikon, as well as the Korean drama The Producers. She’s also appeared in the music video of K-pop artists, like Epik High and HI SUHYUN.

Rosé was the last member of BLACKPINK. Raised in Australia, Rosé had a knack for singing, songwriting and musical instruments. In 2012, when her father heard of an audition for YG Entertainment in Australia, her father immediately signed her up. “I used to live in Australia. It was a rural neighborhood, rather than a metropolis. So I stayed home playing the piano or the guitar and singing,” Rosé previously told fans. “My dad noticed that I like music, so he took me to audition. Before I auditioned, music had been a hobby, but once I came to Korea and realized where I stand in terms of skills, I became more passionate and competitive about it.”

She became a trainee in May 2012 and had the shortest training period in BLACKPINK. As a trainee, she was featured on G-Dragon’s song, “Without You.” Now, Rosé is regarded as BLACKPINK’s main vocalist.SINGAPORE - K-pop boy band Got7's Keep Spinning world tour concert in Singapore on Feb 22 has been postponed due to concerns over the Wuhan virus outbreak, the latest in a series of concerts that have been similarly pushed back.

This was announced by concert promoter Live Nation Singapore in a statement on Friday evening (Jan 31).

There were no details on when a replacement Got7 show would take place, but the concert promoter said that if there are any updates, they would be made on its website www.livenation.sg and its social media channels.

Apologising for the postponement of the Got7 concert, which was to be held at the Singapore Indoor Stadium, and any inconvenience caused, Live Nation Singapore said that "the safety of artists, patrons and staff is our top priority".

It added that "we will continue to act on advice from the authorities on the coronavirus and take precautionary measures in line with prevention efforts".

Customers who bought tickets to the concert will get a full refund through the channel they made payment to.

Details on the refund can soon be found here.

Earlier, two concerts by K-pop acts were also postponed due to the Wuhan virus outbreak.

South Korean singer Taeyeon, a member of K-pop girl group Girls' Generation, was due to perform at the Singapore Indoor Stadium on Saturday.

Fellow South Korean act NCT Dream, the teenage subgroup of popular boy band NCT, had originally been scheduled to play at The Star Theatre on Feb 15.

There were no further details on when the replacement shows would take place.

Several concerts in the region have been cancelled because of the Wuhan virus outbreak. Hong Kong star Andy Lau cancelled 12 shows in the city, while fellow Hong Kong singer Leon Lai has postponed two shows in Macau.

Got7 comprise leader JB, as well as members Mark, Jackson, Jinyoung, Youngjae, BamBam and Yugyeom, who are all in their 20s.

They are known for their live singing and rapping, and previously performed here at the Suntec Singapore Convention and Exhibition Centre in 2016 and at Zepp @ Big Box in 2018.

The band made their debut in 2014 and gained immediate attention with their live stage performances, which included street dancing.

To date, they have released four studio albums and 14 EPs. The current world tour is their third and is in support of their EP, Spinning Top: Between Security & Insecurity, which was released in May last year.

The tour kicked off in Seoul in June and has travelled to cities such as Toronto, Sydney, London and Paris.Looks like Red Velvet’s getting a Troll-ish upgrade! The K-pop girl group will be featured in the upcoming Trolls World Tour film, which is set to arrive on April 17 and stars the likes of Anna Kendrick and Justin Timberlake.

Excitement erupted amid fans of the act after Red Velvet and their 2019 song “Zimzalabim” appeared in a Trolls World Tour trailer that was released by Thailand film distributor Major Group on Wednesday (Jan. 15). DreamWorks Animation has since confirmed the quintet's inclusion in the film to Billboard.Sri Mulyani Heran, Tunjangan PNS Naik Tapi Masih Ada 'Suap'

Menkeu Sri Mulyani menyebut masyarakat masih membayar untuk mendapat pelayanan publik. Ini menunjukkan salah strategi dalam memperbaiki birokrasi.American singer-songwriter, model, and actor MAX (Maxwell George Schneider) shared his hopes to collab with K-pop artists!

In an interview with Edaily, MAX shared, “I like K-pop. In particular, I think it’d be an honor to have the opportunity to collab with BTS, Stray Kids, DAY6, MONSTA X, and BLACKPINK.”

During the interview, MAX talked about his upcoming first concert in Korea while elaborating on his attachment for BTS’s Jungkook, who had recommended his songs. MAX said, “In the past few years, Jungkook has shared a few of my songs, and every time he introduced [my song], I felt really good, and it felt like an honor.”

Earlier, Jungkook had recommended MAX’s “Love Me Less,” and MAX had responded through his Twitter with his hopes to meet Jungkook in person while promoting in Korea, along with the clip of Jungkook recommending his song. MAX shared, “Through this concert, it would be nice to personally meet him while I’m visiting Korea.” He added, “[BTS’s] ‘Fake Love’ is one of my favorite songs.”

MAX will be holding his first concert in Korea on January 14 at 8 p.m. KST at MUV Concert Hall in Hongdae, Seoul. Born in New York, MAX began promoting through Broadway musicals, and he’s since then appeared in various films, TV shows, dramas, and more. He became even more well known to the public through Dolce & Gabbana’s global campaign with Madonna. Beginning his music promotions with the name MAX, he showcased his talented vocals through various covers of Maroon 5, Ed Sheeran, Justin Timberlake, and more through his YouTube channel.

Already, MAX has greeted fans with various genres and collaborations such as “One More Weekend” with DJ Audien, “Still New York” with rapper Joey Bada$$, “Team” with Noah Cyrus, and “Love Me Less,” the song recommended by BTS’s Suga and Jungkook, featuring Quinn XCII. MAX has also been nominated for the New Pop Artist award at the 2019 iHEART Awards, and he has been picked by Billboard as the pop star to watch, showcasing his promise as an artist.Last night (Jan. 28), BTS gave The Late Late Show with James Corden a special visit and treated Corden and the audience to a debut performance of their latest single "Black Swan" off their upcoming LP Map of the Soul: 7 due Feb. 21. It caused a social media frenzy, as #BTSxCorden became the top-trending Twitter hashtag all over the world. But out of these select few K-pop performances on late-night television, which one has become your favorite?

Girls' Generation was one of the pioneering K-pop troupes to take one of their songs overseas for a live television performance when the nine-member girl group made their TV debut Jan. 31, 2012 -- almost exactly eight years ago -- on The Late Show with David Letterman to premiere their English single "The Boys."The K-pop world begins the decade with new releases from 3 of South Korea’s hottest acts, while Kim Jae-joong will embark on an Asian tour in late JanuaryK-pop super band BTS will drop a new digital single this month ahead of its official release of a new album in February, according to the band's management agency Thursday. Big Hit Entertainment posted a "comeback map" on the official BTS website early Thursday morning, providing the timeline of the band's release of "Map of the Soul: 7," set for Feb. 21, the second edition of BTS' ongoing "Map of the Soul" album series. According to the four-phase schedule, the band is set to drop a comeback trailer, "Shadow," on Friday, officially beginning the journey toward its much-anticipated second "Map of the Soul" album.

On Jan. 17, BTS will pre-release a single from the new album, along with an "art film" featuring a performance by a dance company, according to the timeline.The band will then follow up with its second comeback trailer, "Eco," on Feb. 3 before unveiling the new album's concept photos every day from Feb. 10-13.On Feb. 17, the full track list of the new album will become available, four days before the release of the full album on Feb. 21. A kinetic manifesto film featuring BTS is set to accompany the album.The official video for the lead single of the new album will be made available a week after the album's release, the timeline showed.The timetable also includes events named "Connect, BTS" set to take place online and in five cities across the world -- London, Berlin, Buenos Aires, Seoul and New York City -- without providing further information.The second "Map of the Soul" album, a full-length record, is likely to carry on the first album's Carl Jung-inspired theme of exploring the ego, as hinted by the titles of the two planned comeback trailers. (Yonhap)The new year is a time of change and new beginnings, and there’s no better way to make sure that your 2020 is off to a great start than with a really solid new year’s resolution (assuming you keep it, of course!). From new habits to hold to new adventures to go on, there’s really no end to the options when it comes to resolutions for the new year. Not to worry! Tell us your favorite K-pop tracks of 2019 and we’ll set you on the path to a successful 2020.

What did you get as your resolution for 2020? Tell us in the comments below!From left: Mentors Chen Jiahua, Cai Xukun, Lisa and Jony J pose for a photo at a press conference for Youth With You on Thursday in Guangzhou. Photo: Screenshot of iQIYI's Youth With You official Sina Weibo account

K-pop girl band Blackpink's Lalisa Manoban, better known as Lisa, traveled to the Chinese mainland to film and promote streaming platform iQIYI's reality competition show Youth With You Season Two from Monday to Friday. The popular star has successfully attracted worldwide attention to the reality show.During a press conference for the show on Thursday afternoon, the hashtag YouthWithLalisa topped Twitter's worldwide trends at one point. Lisa wore a black Alexander McQWueen dress and a pair of high heels, which perfectly emphasized her tiny waist and long slim legs. The hashtag LisaIsSoHot trended on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo on Thursday, earning 650 million views and 102,000 posts.The first season of Youth With You focused on forming a boy band, as did its highly successful forefunner Idol Producer in 2018. Temporary nine-member boy band Nine Percent and UNINE were the result of these two programs. For season two, Youth With You will focus on producing a professional girl band, a first for iQIYI.Lisa is working as a dance mentor on the show, Chinese singer Cai Xukun, former leader of the recently disbanded Nine Percent, will be a representative producer, singer Chen Jiahua comes on as a vocal mentor and rapper Jony J will be the rap mentor.According to Jiang Bin, chief producer of Youth With You, the show wants to provide trainees an all-around talent school where they can develop their professional skills to the fullest extent. Jiang emphasized that iQIYI's trainee programs aim to produce entertainers that can reshape the Chinese idol market.Chinese New Year 2020: This year marks the year of the rat. Keeping the zodiac sign in mind, here's a look at a few K-Pop singers from bands like Super Junior, TWICE and GOT7 who fall under the year of the rat.

The Chinese New Year is almost upon us and this year, we celebrate the year of the rat. The first animal in the Chinese zodiac sign, the Rat is associated with Earthy Branch and represents the yang in a yin and yang. As per several Chinese websites, the rat is a sign of wealth and surplus. As per the Chinese, those born in the years of 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008 and 2020 fall under the Rat and have characteristics like clever, quick-witted, optimistic and energetic. With the year of the rat, we decided to look at five popular South Korean singers who fall under the year of the rat.

The Super Junior star was born on August 24, 1984. The 35-year-old singer made his Super Junior 05 debut in 2005. Just last year, he dropped his first solo album titled "Pink Magic."

Of the nine members in TWICE, four of them belong to the year of the rat. The powerful girl-band sees Momo, Sana, Jihyo, and Jeongyeon from the year of the rat. Momo, Sana and Jeongyeon were born in 1996, whereas Jihyo was born in the first few weeks of 1997 that came under the year of the rat.

SEVENTEEN and TWICE have a couple of things in common. Sticking on the theme of numerous members of a band that belong to the year of the rat, SEVENTEEN (like TWICE) boasts of four members who belong to the zodiac sign. Hoshi, Woozi, Jun, and Wonwoo were born in 1996.

The eldest member of GOT7's “maknae line" (like BTS singers Jimin, Jungkook and V who form the youngest members of the band), Youngjae was born on September 17, 1996. He debuted in the band as the main vocal with "Girls Girls Girls" in January 2014.

You would think that NCT would probably have many more members falling under the year of the rat. However, there is only one member who was born in this zodiac. Singer Ten was born on February 27, 1996, joining others on the list.

Stay tuned to Pinkvilla for more updates.

ALSO READ: BTS makes history with Grammys 2020 performance; ARMY gets emotional as Yoongi's wish comes trueDas Management der Mädchenband Twice, eine der in Charts und Umsätzen führenden Girl-Groups im weltweit populären K-Pop, kündigte rechtliche Schritte an, nachdem ein Mann am Neujahrstag während eines Flugs von Japan nach Korea versucht haben soll, sich Sängerin Nayeon (Artikelbild) zu nähern. Der mutmaßlich deutsche Verdächtige hatte vielfach in Sozialen Medien von Versuchen gepostet, den Star persönlich zu treffen.

Wie das Management nach Angaben des englischsprachigen K-Pop-Blogs "allkpop" weiter mitteilte, habe der Verdächtige herausgefunden, welchen Flug die Gruppe von Japan nach Südkorea nehmen würde und daraufhin ein Ticket gebucht. Mehrmals habe er versucht, sich Nayeon an Bord lautstark zu nähern, wurde aber vom Sicherheitsteam der Band aufgehalten. Die 24-jährige Sängerin sei daraufhin unter Polizeischutz gestellt worden und habe "erhebliche Gefühle des Unbehagens und der Angst" zum Ausdruck gebracht.Nun werde untersucht, wie die Fluginformationen und Reiserouten der Gruppe durchsickern konnten.

Der Verdächtige, angeblich deutscher Staatsangehöriger, hatte über Wochen in Sozialen Medien gepostet, er wolle den den K-Pop-Star treffen. Nach dem Vorfall schrieb er auf Twitter, er habe Nayeon nicht stören wollen, sondern ihre "Liebesbriefe" überreichen und seine Liebe gestehen wollen, doch seien "grundlos" zwei Manager auf ihn "gesprungen".

Zahlreiche Fans der Band reagierten besorgt auf den Vorfall und forderten den jungen Mann auf Twitter auf, Nayeon in Ruhe zu lassen. "Sie hat Angst vor dir! Hör auf!" schrieben etliche User.

Die südkoreanische K-Pop-Szene ist in den vergangenen Monaten und Jahren immer wieder von Skandalen erschüttert worden. So begingen drei ehemalige Mitglieder verschiedener Bands offenbar Selbstmord. Andere klagten über Ausgebranntsein und Cybermobbing. Außerdem wurden zwei ehemalige Sänger im vergangenen Jahr wegen sexueller Übergriffe zu Gefängnisstrafen verurteilt. Gegen ein Ex-Mitglied der Gruppe "Big Bang" wird wegen illegaler Prostitution ermittelt."The X1 members and each of the agencies negotiated under the condition of unanimous agreement, but we could not come to an agreement, so we have decided on their disbandment," the management groups said, according to Korean news site SoompiAMERICAN SINGER and K-pop star Tiffany Young is set to perform solo for the first time in the Philippines on Jan. 25 at the New Frontier Theater in Quezon City as part of her ongoing Open Hearts Eve Part Two tour.

“It’s been a while since I’ve seen you guys and I’m so excited to have the show there and sing and dance the night away with you,” Ms. Young said in a video greeting to promote the concert.

Ms. Young (real name Stephanie Young Hwang) was born in 1989 and was raised in California. At the age of 15, she was discovered by South Korean talent agency SM Entertainment which prompted her to move and train in South Korea for two years. In 2007, she debuted as part of Girl’s Generation, arguably the biggest girl group in the country at the time.

The group, which originally had nine members, spawned several chart-topping hits in its home country including its debut single, “Into the New World.”

Some of the group’s hits include 2009’s “Gee” and “Genie” and 2013’s “I Got A Boy” whose music video won Video of the Year at the inaugural Youtube Music Awards.

Girl’s Generation previously performed in the Philippines in 2013 and 2015. Another Girl’s Generation member, Kim Hyoyeon, is set to perform as a DJ in Manila on Feb. 8 at House Manila in Resorts World Manila, Pasay City.

Ms. Young, as one of the group’s main vocalists, made her solo debut in 2016 with I Just Wanna Dance. The following year, she ended her contract with SM Entertainment to move back to Los Angeles to pursue acting and a solo music career.

She released her extended play (EP) album, Lips on Lips, in 2019 which included the singles “Born Again” and “Lips on Lips.” The album debuted at the 9th spot in Billboard’s Heatseekers Albums chart and 30th on its Independent Albums chart.

Lips on Lips went on to be certified Platinum in South Korea a week after its release.

In the same year, Ms. Young won Best Solo Breakout Artist at the 2019 iHeartRadio Music Awards.

She is currently signed with Transparent Arts in the US.

Ms. Young’s Open Hearts Eve Part Two tour commenced in 2020 after finishing an 18-city US Tour to promote her new single, “Magnetic Moon.”

Tiffany Young’s Open Hearts Eve Part Two concert is set is on Jan. 25, 6:30 p.m., at the New Frontier Theater in Quezon City. Tickets are available via ticketnet.com.ph. Ticket prices range from P14,000 (MVP) to P4,500 (Balcony). — ZBCEl director del programa, Ahn Joon-young, y el jefe de producción, Kim Yong-beom, fueron detenidos por la Policía el mes pasado por cargos de aceptar decenas de millones de wones en sobornos de agencias de talentos, a cambio de manipular los resultados de la votación del programa a favor de los artistas de las agencias.Mark Tuan from Got7. The K-pop rapper, singer and dancer is also a dedicated follower of fashion. Photo: HandoutCheck out all of our K-pop quizzes for more!Zico’s newest digital single ‘Any Song’ is the latest dance challenge craze to hit South Korea and the K-Pop industry.

Prior to its release last Monday, the renowned songwriter and producer released a short video of Mamamoo’s Hwasa and himself dancing to the chorus of the song with #AnySongChallenge.

Chung Ha, Sandara Park, Winner’s Mino also joined in with Zico in separate dance videos.

A list of other K-Pop stars including AB6IX’s Daehwi and Woong, Victon’s ByungChan, Girls Day’s SoJin, Block B’s U Kwon, Lee Hyori, CLC as well as actress Park Shin-hye have all shown support for his highly popular track by taking on the challenge.

As of January 17, ‘Any Song’ is the first track this year to achieve a perfect all-kill for sweeping the Korean daily, real time and weekly charts. Watch the video below:ack in 2018, K-pop group BTS performed a pre-recorded segment for celebration to ring in the new year. Two years later, for 2020, the super-popular supergroup upped the ante — by showing up at Manhattan’s Times Square in the flesh to perform live for the masses waiting for the ball to drop at the famous New Year’s Eve event hosted by Ryan Seacrest.

And the South Korean boy band did not disappoint, delighting the ARMY (as its fans are known) with renditions of “Make It Right” and “Boy with Luv.”

It’s safe to say social media was pretty excited about the performance.

Post Malone was the official headliner for the evening’s festivities, joined by country singer Sam Hunt and Alanis Morisette with the cast of the new Broadway musical during the five-plus hours of broadcast. But the screams for BTS’s RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jung Kook speak for themselves about the septet’s popularity with the live crowd. The evening was also sponsored by YouTube, a platform on which BTS is known to break records with their intricate music videos, heavy with dance choreography.

2019 was a banner year for BTS: They performed on sold out stadiums globally, notched three number one albums in a year (tying a Beatles record in the process,) were featured on the TIME 100 and collaborated with stars like Halsey (on “Boy With Luv”) and Lauv (on “Make It Right”). (They also took a short break somewhere in there.) Their fan ARMY helped propel them to their third consecutive Top Social Artist prize, and they’ve continued to dominate Korean awards. Given their momentum, in 2020 fans and listeners can expect more of the same.What kind of personality do you look for in a significant other?On Tuesday (Jan. 14), Twitter revealed how powerful of a force K-pop was on the social media platform in 2019. With over 6.1 billion tweets related to the music phenomena, engagement on what the site calls "#KpopTwitter" was up 15% last year from 2018.

Thailand was the country that tweeted the most about K-pop in 2019, followed by South Korea and Indonesia. The United States and the Philippines had the next most engagement with K-pop last year, while Brazil, Malaysia, Japan, Mexico, Argentina, Canada, France, Great Britain, India, and Turkey also saw heavy engagement with K-pop Twitter.

The most discussed K-pop accounts worldwide were BTS followed by EXO and GOT7, with Monsta X and BLACKPINK rounding out the top five. Accounts from Seventeen, NCT 127, and Tomorrow X Together got a lot of buzz, while EXO's Baekhyun and GOT7's BamBam had the top most-discussed accounts associated with individual K-pop stars.«Se pronuncia ‘keypop’. ¡Ni se te ocurra decir ‘Ka-pop’, que te escarallan!», advierte a la cronista una avispada madre, justo antes de llegar al Palco de la Música de A Coruña. Sus dos hijas de 15 y 13 años, Carolina y Alicia Díaz, han tomado por costumbre quedar para bailar esta música popular coreana, junto con otros muchos chicos, todos los sábados por la tarde en los jardines de Méndez Núñez. Allí, desde hace meses, se enseñan coreografías de sus grupos favoritos, realizan concursos y, sobre todo, dejan de sentirse unos raritos, porque se pueden relacionar con mucha más gente a la que le apasiona la cultura asiática.

El eco del rojizo monumento les hace de altavoz natural y reverbera la música que ha traído Sara Caramés. Tanto ella como Antía Álvarez son esta tarde las mayores del grupo, y eso que tienen 18 y 19 años. Las dos estudian una FP en el instituto Ánxel Casal del cercano barrio de Monte Alto. «Los fans del K-pop intentamos aprender los bailes, imitamos a los grupos que nos gustan, grabamos covers (versiones) y luego las subimos a Instagram», explica Antía. «Una vez llegamos a ser unos sesenta chavales en la plaza de María Pita y la policía nos tuvo que invitar educadamente a marcharnos. Lo malo es que, a veces, viene gente a meterse con nosotros y a llamarnos frikis», añade Sara. «Sí, no entienden que nos guste algo diferente», comenta Alejandra Carballeira (13 años), que acaba de llegar. Los anglicismos salpican la conversación. Que si los idols (así es como se llama a los grupos de K-pop, aunque los idolatrados son ellos), que si los ults (los ultimates, las ‘novedades’), que si los keypoppers (así es como se conoce a los fans)... Si por ejemplo quedan para hacer una random play dance es que les toca salir a bailar el estribillo que les pongan de un listado de canciones. El asunto da para un diccionario propio. Cada una de estas chicas se sabe unas cien coreografías como mínimo, pero hay miles de grupos y todos están constantemente sacando material nuevo, así que nunca se cansan.

«Muchos conocieron el K-pop por el Gangnam Style, cuyo autor es uno de los idols de más edad. Los que nos gustan a nosotros son como los hijos jóvenes del autor, PSY», analiza Sara.

Aunque esta gente se mueve sobre todo por Instagram, también tienen grupos de Whatsapp. El de estas chicas se llama «Panda de raritos» y sí, son casi todo chicas. Entre los treinta que somos puede haber 4 o 5 chicos que también son fans de estos ritmos pegadizos».

Les une la pasión por la cultura asiática. Se sitúan en los centros neurálgicos de las ciudades y se lo pasan genial bailando las coreografías de su grupos favoritos. ¿Por qué irse a un lugar tan lejano cuando aquí tenemos una riqueza musical infinita? Las keypoppers coruñesas lo tienen claro: «Esto tiene unos mensajes mucho mejores. Las letras del K-pop van sobre el no a la violencia, el bullying y fomentan el love yourself (‘quiérete a ti mismo’). Además, te animan a que te valores, a que no caigas en depresión...», comenta Inés Fernández. «Esto no es solo reguetón y fiesta como pregona la mayoría de la música que más suena por aquí», argumenta Antía. «A mí Maluma no me dice nada. ¿Que si vamos a salir a perrear, dice?», se pregunta.

Alrededor del K-pop hay toda una industria que pregona un estilo de vida, una forma de vestir y hasta un look de peluquería concreto: las melenas de colores y el flequillo por delante tipo casco. «A las quedadas de A Coruña viene gente de Ferrol, aunque también se hacen por toda Galicia. En Vigo, por ejemplo, mueven mucha gente los de AKVevent. Esto nos gusta porque es un modo de vida diferente, conoces gente que es como tú y es un enganche», coinciden.

Mar López Bellón y Fátima Seijas Vilariño fundaron hace dos años en A Coruña el colectivo Kimchimochi para difundir la cultura asiática y la música coreana. Desde entonces, organizan quedadas multitudinarias para bailar en la calle o en el Centro Cívico de Monelos los sábados por la mañana. Esta última actividad tiene tanto éxito que todas las plazas están ocupadas, pero piensan ampliarlas. También dan charlas una vez al mes en la Fnac y se ocupan de la zona K-pop en la Hobbycon del Palexco, donde han llegado a reunir hasta 700 personas en el concurso de baile. «Hace 4 años se tuvo que cancelar por falta de participantes, pero ahora se llena y queda gente en lista de espera», dice Mar López Bellón. Lo dicho, un auténtico enganche.Several members of the South Korean boy band EXO are set to return to Manila in February to meet their Filipino fans.

The event marks the 8th anniversary of Nature Republic, which the EXO members endorse, in the country.

Nature Republic Philippines said they will announce further details about the event soon.

Formed by SM Entertainment, EXO debuted in 2012 with 12 members. Over the years, 3 members have departed the band.

The group currently has 6 active members in South Korea. Members Xiumin and D.O. are currently enlisted for their mandatory military service, while Chinese member Lay is promoting in his home country.

Last August, the group visited Manila for a 2-night concert at the Mall of Asia Arena.

EXO’s notable songs include “Growl,” “Love Shot,” and “Ko Ko Bop,” which spawned a dance challenge in the Philippines.

The group’s latest single, “Obsession,” peaked at No. 1 on Billboard’s World Digital Song Sales chart and was picked as the best K-pop song of 2019 by the music publication’s critics.