The entertainment agency representing Fanatics, a K-pop girl group that debuted in August 2019, released a statement apologizing for the "inappropriate remarks" of a male employee who appeared to tell the members of the group to reveal their legs during a livestream event last week.

 FENT, the agency, released a statement Thursday that read: "We apologize to the group members and fans over the inappropriate remarks of one of our employees during the Fanatics live broadcast on VLIVE on the seventh, and take the matter seriously. The company admits that the remarks were inappropriate no matter the reason and will take action accordingly."

 During the livestream event, a group member who was behind the camera approached the other members and covered their legs with a jacket. A man can then be heard saying to her, "Why are you covering their legs? They're supposed to be showing them off. Are you stupid?" after which the sound of someone being slapped was heard.

 Even though the statement was released, angry internet users criticized the company for objectifying the girl group and expressed concerns that the girls could be in an abusive environment, remarking that one of its members was a minor. Some reported the video to the authorities for containing abusive content.In recent years, K-pop has become increasingly visible globally. Foreign-language music has never had an easy time climbing the charts in the U.S., but K-pop was able to have a stronger presence, thanks to its devoted fandom. Now, K-pop has found a better strategy to break through and sustain success in the West: composing songs with English lyrics.

 BTS wrote history again this month by becoming the first K-pop act to top the Billboard Hot 100 chart with its first English language song "Dynamite." The group's four albums have topped the Billboard 200 Albums chart and the group has achieved top 10 successes on the Hot 100 with "Fake Love," "On" and "Boy With Luv"; but the group had faced the final hurdle of the radio component on the charts as U.S. radio generally doesn't play much non-English language pop. 

 In addition to BTS, Monsta X, BLACKPINK and Super M have taken measures to find success in the U.S. market with "English-heavy" songs. This year, BLACKPINK collaborated with Lady Gaga on the latter's "Sour Candy," which has a mix of Korean and English lyrics, and teamed up with Selena Gomez on the girl group's new single "Ice Cream," which is mostly sung in English.

 For the first time, Monsta X reached No.5 on the Billboard 200 Albums chart in February with its all-English album "All About Luv." Super M's pre-release track "100," from its upcoming full-length album "Super One," is a track that is also mostly in English.

 "I think English language releases come after a long history of K-pop localizing in different markets, like BoA in Japan or Super Junior-M and EXO-M, and later EXO, in China," said Tamar Herman, the K-pop correspondent for Billboard and author of "BTS: Blood, Sweat & Tears."

 "I think this recent wave of English-language songs and releases from K-pop acts is a good opportunity for them to gain more recognition. It's unfortunate, but Anglo-oriented countries are really not open to non-English music, so even though there are pockets of audiences that are open to non-English content, this is a good way to open more doors and make more non-English-averse audiences familiar with K-pop and Korea's music industry in general."

 The history of K-pop acts making attempts to step out of their comfort zones to sing in English dates back to the early 1990s. 

 In 1992, Seo Tae-ji, who was a K-pop icon before K-pop was even a thing, released an English version of "Blind Love." In 2009, soloist BoA entered the Billboard 200 Albums chart at 127th with her self-titled U.S. debut album "BoA" fronted by the all-English song "Eat You Up." 

 The same year, K-pop girl group Wonder Girls put out English version of "Nobody," which ranked 76th on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Girls' Generation released both Korean and English versions of "The Boys" in 2012 and performed on a variety of American TV shows to make inroads into the U.S.

 So how come English lyrics failed to impress American audiences a decade ago, but now successfully appeal to them?

 "In the past, coming-to-America K-pop artists tried to stifle their individuality and assimilate to Western culture," said Lee Gyu-tag, an assistant professor of cultural studies at George Mason University Korea. "Nowadays, however, they strongly embrace their identity and feel comfortable about bringing something fresh to American pop culture."

 Lee added that K-pop's identity is all about its unique features such as well-produced music, crisp choreography, colorful fashion and a specialized "training" system. 

 "K-pop, and English-language K-pop, is pretty interesting from the perspective of what is a cultural product in this day and age when we're all so connected? I rethink these ideas all the time, and sometimes change my mind, so I think that fluidity is really representative of this question," Herman commented. 

 Park Hee-a, the author of "Interviews with K-Pop Stars," explained that foreign songwriters have enabled the creation of K-pop songs that have near-universal appeal. 

 "Lyrics are a significant part of K-pop. Compared with a decade ago when K-pop artists simply translated Korean lyrics into English without paying much attention to cultural sentiment, they now conduct in-depth market research to pen lyrics that may resonate with global fans, such as youth issues," Park said. 

 She said BTS' latest move to release a song in English appears commercially planned to target the Billboard charts. "BTS releasing a new single in English doesn't mean they're no longer K-pop. K-pop's fundamental identity lies in the specialized training and production system," she added.

 Experts expect that K-pop groups will continue to release English songs or albums in the future due to increasing demand from international fans. 

 "Global K-pop fans are generally satisfied with Korean lyrics, but they can have feel a sense of familiarity when K-pop stars sing in English," Park said. "Also business-wise, K-pop stars seem likely to achieve more commercial success in North America."

 Lee agreed, saying that fans would have more opportunities to hear K-pop acts sing in more languages in addition to Korean. 

 "I think K-pop acts will carry out a two-track strategy in the future ― focus on domestic fans and attract more global fans," he said.South Korean lawmakers are debating whether to let the members of popular K-Pop band, BTS, defer their mandatory military service, considering they have done a substantial amount with regards to the promotion of the country's image abroad.

The South Korean law demands every able-bodied man between the age of 18 and 28 to serve in the military for two years.

There are exceptions, however. Classical musicians and athletes, who have won medals in the Olympics, are exempt in the eyes of the government who say they help South Korea promote its soft power.

That said, the exemption does not apply to pop artists.

Now, a few politicians are saying that BTS’s seven members, who are aged between 23 and 29 years, must be allowed to postpone the mandatory service.

“BTS represents Korea's leading soft power. The group is doing a better job than 1,000 diplomats combined,” The Korea Times quoted Yoon Sang-hyun, a lawmaker, as saying.

The development comes days after BTS became the first South Korean band to top the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart with their catchy English-language song, “Dynamite”.

At present, all members except for the youngest, Jin, who is 23, are using their admissions in a virtual university as MBA students to circumvent the military enlistment.

The rules allow university students to delay military service until they are 29.

These days, Big Hit Entertainment, the company behind BTS, is in the process of preparing for an initial public offering, which will see it sell shares to outside investors.

BTS, which is considered one of the biggest boy bands in the world, has become a brand of its own with millions of die-hard fans across the globe.

Last year, Big Hit raked in revenues of $507 million and reported an operating profit of $85 million, mainly from sales of 3.7 million copies of BTS album Map of the Soul: Persona.

But some analysts are sceptical about Big Hit’s proposed share price, which values the company many times more than its peers.

The listing price will see its shares start trading at 76 times the expected earnings in 2020. That’s much more than other rival South Korean music agencies and even established manufacturing groups such as Samsung, according to the Financial Times.

What has left some analysts worried is the impact of coronavirus on revenue earned from concerts, many of which have been cancelled.

Big Hit’s profit was down 4 percent in the first half of this year to $42 million after concert cancellations.

Nevertheless, BTS has become a phenomenon - with the band now venturing into other markets such as movies and a mobile game, which carry the band’s name.

Despite their songs being mostly in the Korean language, the boy band has made a fan base that extends from Indonesia to the US. Just recently, BTS beat top American artists including Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift to score the Best Pop award at MTV Video Music Awards.

They have captivated a young audience everywhere, what with their unique dance routines and colourful fashion - they often wear purple, blue and punk hair.

Unlike the household pop names of yesteryear, which relied on mainstream media and music shows, BTS acquired their following through social media. The band members were among the first to use Twitter and share their daily lives publicly.

BTS and its fans have also been active politically with initiatives such as their backing of the Black Lives Matter movement in the US.

They are for the Generation Z what BackStreet Boys were for the millennials."K-pop groups" with no Korean members are not hard to find these days. JYP Entertainment, a local record label, recently unveiled the all-Japanese girl group NiziU, just a year after seven-member Chinese boy band WayV was revealed by its rival SM Entertainment. Before these, there was the all-American boy group EXP Edition, which made its debut in Korea in 2017.

 Such acts usually set their sights on international markets while branding themselves as K-pop singers ― displaying and highlighting K-pop characteristics such as a blend of assorted music genres, but with an emphasis on choreography.

 The idea of non-Korean K-pop bands has been adopted by many entertainment management firms trying to make inroads into overseas markets, where fans want stars who can "do K-pop with familiar ease," according to industry watchers.

 But not everyone is warmly embracing the idea, with some questioning whether they deserve to be called "K-pop groups." 

 When NiziU made headlines here in June after taking the Japanese music charts by storm with its track "Make you happy" sung in Japanese, many people did not acknowledge this as "a musical feat by K-pop stars." 

 Instead, they gave the cold shoulder to JYP's founder/producer Park Jin-young for simply "using K-pop's success formula for another (J-pop) market." 

 





What is the rationale behind people's antipathy?

 "With its global ascent, K-pop has become a source of national pride for numerous Koreans, so they do not want to see record labels taking away their music to elsewhere," Lee Gyu-tag, a professor of cultural anthropology at George Mason University Korea, told The Korea Times. "Ironically, their antipathy against K-pop bands without Koreans also stems from fear that these acts might outstrip original K-pop groups that include at least one or two Koreans. This is a sign showing they are still not so self-assured about their music and culture." 

 The professor said the K-pop industry's Korean entrepreneurs had exported their know-how for success for many years.

 "Some Koreans also worry K-pop's creativity might be stolen, but they should remember that K-pop is essentially a mixture of American and Japanese music, which means it is not utterly original," Lee said. 

 "But it did develop some unique features ― such as slick choreography, distinctive makeup styles and a specialized training system ― and these are already recognized by people worldwide as K-pop's competitive edge. Hence, losing titles for these is not something to be anxious about." 

 There are reasons non-Korean fans may not fully embrace such groups, according to Patty Ahn, a communications professor at the University of California, San Diego, who studies Korean pop culture. Pointing out that followers in different countries and regions might have dissimilar rationales, Ahn specifically referred to the case of black fans in the U.S.

 "From what I have observed, many black fans in the U.S. tended to develop an emotional connection to Korean culture once they got into K-pop," the professor said. "Their interest in the music has gradually led them to take Korean language classes or watch Korean dramas, so when they think Korean style has been somewhat removed from K-pop, they seem to feel disoriented and disrupted." 



Prospects

 Nonetheless, Lee and Ahn agreed that the idea of non-Korean K-pop groups will continue to spread across the world.

 "We will see similar groups as K-pop management companies ― which are known for their flexibility ― move to keep expanding themselves," Ahn said. "They will experiment, take risks, adapt, adjust and try again." 

 She added, "But it is difficult to predict whether these bands will make an international splash like BTS and BLACKPINK. I think they might be able to do so in Japan and in countries that use the Chinese language, but when it comes to the U.S. market, this could be quite challenging due to racism. The country is becoming more open-minded, but there is still resistance." 

 Lee said the sound of K-pop acts without Koreans may one day be categorized differently. 

 "Korean hip-hop, for instance, is pretty distinctive from hip-hop born in America, so it often falls into a separate category," he said. "Likewise, the music of these acts is also likely to get a new name like JK-pop (Japanese K-pop) or CK-pop (Chinese K-pop.)" 

 He elaborated, saying, "Thus, K-pop today should not merely be defined as music created by Koreans or Korean companies ― its new definition should be based on its style, which encompasses the genre's various aspects ranging from industrial to visual."Korean pop music, or K-pop, just hit a milestone in the U.S.: its very first No. 1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100.

But Korean pop is not a new phenomenon — it’s a multibillion-dollar industry that rivals the American pop music machine.

With their song “Dynamite,” Korean boy band BTS knocked Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion off their perch at the top of the Billboard Hot 100.

It’s the first time a K-pop song takes the top spot, though K-Pop has been taking over the world for a long time. Remember “Gangnam Style”?

The genre’s growth is no coincidence. The South Korean government has been aggressively exporting culture for decades as an economic strategy, whether it’s soap operas, film or K-pop.

The “Korean economy is very much an export-led economy since the 1960s, and culture is very much the hot item of the 21st century,” said Youngju Ryu, associate professor of modern Korean literature at the University of Michigan.

In a 2019 report, the Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism said the country exported $6.3 billion worth of cultural content. About $5 billion of that is the music.

Jeff Benjamin writes about K-pop for Billboard magazine. He said you can hear it in the music: It’s made for export.

“Almost every K-pop group has a singer, has a rapper, has a main dancer — they really try to make sure all areas of pop music are hit within one song,” he said.

Also, “Dynamite” is BTS’ first song entirely in English, which makes it superstreamable. And with the music business getting almost all its revenue from online platforms, that’s what counts.

With all the chaos and bad news, who doesn’t need a little K-pop dynamite in their life?

As a nonprofit news organization, our future depends on listeners like you who believe in the power of public service journalism. Your investment in Marketplace helps us remain paywall-free and ensures everyone has access to trustworthy, unbiased news and information, regardless of their ability to pay. Donate today — in any amount — to become a Marketplace Investor. Now more than ever, your commitment makes a difference.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SEOUL -- DRIPPIN, a new seven-member boy band formed by Woollim Entertainment, will debut in October. The group included Cha Jun-ho, a former member of X1, an ill-fated project boy band which was formed through a TV survival reality show mired in a vote-rigging scandal.Woollim said that DRIPPIN also included five trainees who had competed in Mnet's reality competition show Produce X 101. The name of DRIPPIN's seventh member was not disclosed by Woolim, which is home to artists such as Infinite, Lovelyz and Golden Child.DRIPPIN will open its official YouTube channel and social media account on September 5 and release various contents one after another. Two days later, the team plans to introduce its worldview and member story through a video titled "Allegory of DRIPPIN."X1 debuted in August 2019, but the band was dismantled on January 6. In May, two Mnet producers received a jail term of up to two years after being found guilty of rigging votes cast by fans in favor of particular contestants in the last live contest when some unexpected figures were included in the debut group.Produce 101 has been a preferred stage for trainees who wish to become a K-pop idol. Viewers choose 11 members out of 101 trainees from different entertainment companies and independent trainees through online and live voting with multiple elimination rounds.Multinational K-pop girl band PRISMA is poised to debut next month. 



"PRISMA ― Nia (Spain) Miriam (Italy) Sally (U.S.) Eunbyeol and Gyeongmin (Korea) ― will make a debut with a single and a music video next month," the group's record label UnionWave Entertainment said in a statement, Tuesday.



Other information about the group, including the song title, remains undisclosed. 



UnionWave said PRISMA sought to "capture the hearts of audiences worldwide with a powerful and vibrant concept."



PRISMA has already garnered some fans via UnionWave's Instagram. Since its creation in February, the members have offered a glimpse of their debut preparation with pictures and messages on social media.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.INCHEON -- Police said Tuesday they are investigating two members of a popular K-pop boy band for their alleged involvement in illegal overseas gambling.



Yunhak, 36, and Sungje, 34, of SUPERNOVA have been booked for allegedly playing baccarat, a type of gambling, one or two times in the Philippines from 2016 to 2018 with stakes up to 50 million won ($42,297), according to the Incheon Metropolitan Police Agency and their star agency.



They are also suspected of having participated in illegal online gambling in South Korea.



The boy band members, however, have claimed they did not go to the Philippines for the purpose of gambling and just happened to gamble by chance, according to the police.



The police were also trying to determine whether any gang members or other celebrities have also been involved in the overseas gambling case.



No other members of the band were known to be under a police investigation. 



The sextet, also known as Choshinsung in Korean, debuted in 2007 and has been active in Japan, ranking high on Japanese Oricon charts. 



The two members implicated in the case are also working as actors in South Korea and Japan.



After the news on the police probe spread, the group's management agency, SV Entertainment, apologized for causing trouble with the incident.



"We're sorry for causing trouble to you fans with the bad news about the careless behaviors of Yunhak and Sungje," the agency said in a press statement. The two members deeply regret and are reflecting on their actions, it added. (Yonhap)Following the great success of K-pop co-ed trio SSAK3, another mixed-gender band is gearing up to write its own success story.



CHECKMATE ― comprising two females (Sieun, Suri) and three males (Yongseok, Nason, Noah) ― is set to drop its first album "DRUM" on Sept. 21, its agency GRACE COMPANY Entertainment said Tuesday.



"Acclaimed producers in and out of Korea have worked on the debut track," the company said in a statement. "The members have already caught the attention of fans in Europe and South America (through social media)."



The agency added that Yongseok would "play a central role" this time, but did not elaborate. 



Co-ed pop groups like Koyote (KYT) and Cool basked in popularity in the 1990-2000s, but are hardly seen these days. Single-gender bands are more common because they are easier to manage and better for marketing, according to industry insiders.



Amid this trend, SSAK3, a one-off K-pop group formed through MBC's variety program "Hang out with Yoo," achieved a meaningful feat in July by topping music streaming charts with its retro-flavored "Summer Sea Again."To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The conversation surrounding K-pop on Twitter has apparently grown exponentially especially between late 2016 and the first half of 2018. BTS won its first Top Social Artist award at the Billboard Music Awards in May 2017, and EXO also opened its official Twitter handle in July of that year with the release of "Ko Ko Bop."To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.South Korean pop music (K-Pop) is growing as a cultural and economic phenomenon globally. Experts believe that K-Pop will offer support for the country's pandemic-hit economy.

The South Korean economy has enjoyed fast development over the last 20 years, with K-Pop an important pillar industry. K-Pop groups had flourished domestically in the early 1990s. By the mid-90s, the K-pop star system had become entrenched in South Korea.

K-pop bands, including Tong Vfang Xien Qi, Super Junior, Girls Generation, EXO and Black Pink, are gaining popularity at home, across Asia, and around the world. Professor Kim Seiwan from Ewha Womans University, says that based on South Korean official estimation, K-Pop generates about 10 billion U.S. dollars for the country each year.

And the boy band BTS is the biggest hitmaker in South Korea's pop chart history. The band made it to the No. 1 position on the Billboard 100 recently, reflecting K-Pop's music caliber. In 2019, the band accounted for nearly 5 billion U.S. dollars of South Korea's GDP, surpassing Korean Air's contribution to its GDP.

"The accumulated revenue generated by BTS since their debut in 2014 is going to be 47 billion U.S. dollars, which is larger than the Winter Olympics in PyeongChang in 2018," Professor Kim said.

And the popularity of K-Pop has spurred growth in other sectors, such as tourism, food, fashion and language education. K-Pop will offer support for the country's pandemic-hit economy, according to Waqas Adenwala, Asia analyst at the Economist Intelligence Unit.

"K-Pop is not just music for a lot of people. It won't take the recession back into a growing economy for South Korea this year. But K-Pop can offer some support for sectors such as fashion, retail, online sales, and food product sales," the analyst said.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Over the past decade, K-Pop has grown to become one of the largest global conversations on Twitter today. Despite the global COVID outbreak, there were 6.1 billion K-Pop related Tweets in the past 12 months worldwide. Now with over 300 K-Pop Topics (by artist names) that can be followed on Twitter, fans around the world can engage via Tweets about their favorite artists.

To celebrate 10 years of #KPopTwitter success, Twitter has partnered with K-Pop Radar to release K-Pop data across 20 markets to show how the passionate global K-Pop community shares their love and connects with their favorite artists around the world.

“All we can say is thank you — it’s been a pleasure to watch and participate in the growth of K-Pop over the past 10 years,” said YeonJeong Kim, Head of Global K-Pop Partnerships at Twitter. “When K-Pop artists want to reach a global audience, they go on Twitter to connect with their passionate fans who want to be the first to see and talk about what’s happening. These fans — many who are young and based all over the world — are flocking to Twitter to join these fun #KPopTwitter conversations to feel connected to a global fan community.”

Twitter has organized an exclusive “Decade of #KPopTwitter” global live party in Twitter’s Blueroom, bringing together several of the K-Pop pioneers (#SUNMI @miyaohyeah, Wonder Girls), global top stars (#KIHYUN and #HYUNGWON, MONSTA X), and fast-rising artists (#BangChan, Stray Kids) in a fun talk-show format to discuss the past 10 years of K-Pop and Twitter. K-Pop fans can submit questions using the #AskKpopTwitter hashtag and join the livestream at @TwitterLive or @TwitterKorea starting at 11 am SGT on September 22, 2020.

“Twitter continues to be the best way for music fans to see and talk about what’s happening,” the platform said in a release. “That’s especially true in the K-Pop world, from legends like PSY, Super Junior, Big Bang, 2NE1, and Girls Generation; to today’s superstars such as BTS, EXO, GOT7, and BLACKPINK; to the next-generation talent including Stray Kids, ATEEZ, TXT, and IZONE. K-Pop fans use Twitter to get the latest updates from the artists they love; connect with other stans anytime and anywhere in real-time; and express their appreciation for the music, dancing, and ‘Hallyu (Korean Wave)’ culture that has taken the world by storm.”

#KPopTwitter is truly a global community as the top 20 markets with the most KPop-related conversations (from July 1, 2019, to June 30, 2020) cover every region in the world today:

While BTS is the most mentioned K-Pop artist in every market (except for Thailand where GOT7 topped the leaderboard), the rest of the top 10 most-mentioned K-Pop artists varied by market, showing the diversity of the K-Pop fandom on Twitter around the world (from July 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020):

For the first time ever, Twitter and K-Pop Radar are jointly releasing K-Pop data across 20 markets worldwide. These were the most-mentioned K-Pop artists (by total Tweets), most-mentioned K-Pop songs (by total Tweets) and fastest-rising KPop artists (by highest growth in Tweets) on Twitter in Singapore (from July 1, 2019 – June 30, 2020):

“Even during this COVID-19 pandemic when K-Pop concerts, global tours, and fan appreciation events have been canceled, we haven’t seen any drop in #KPopTwitter conversations,” added YeonJeong Kim. “K-Pop stans want to stay connected with each other and have their voices heard on Twitter, whether they are cheering for their favorite artist’s new song or participating in movements like #BlackLivesMatter. We can’t wait to see what the next 10 years of K-Pop and Twitter bring to the world.”

Come and join the fun #KPopTwitter conversations today to see and talk about your favorite K-Pop artists or follow any of the 300+ K-Pop Topics on Twitter to stay connected every day with other fans around the world!The Korea Foundation, the public diplomacy arm of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and Asia Society Switzerland will co-host an online conference on K-pop on Wednesday.The event, titled “KF-Asia Society Switzerland Virtual Dialogue on K-Culture” will look into how K-pop is changing the entertainment industry in the post-coronavirus era.Kim Young-min, group CEO of S.M. Entertainment Group, will give the presentation “Online Business Strategy of S.M. Entertainment After the Coronavirus Pandemic,” sharing insight on how K-pop acts have been responding to the virus pandemic through online concerts. S.M. Entertainment, a leading K-pop entertainment agency, has been creating a buzz with for-pay livestreamed concerts.Lee Jang-woo, co-chair of the Korea Cultural Industry Forum, will give a speech titled “Success and Future of the K-pop Industry,” talking about innovations and the future of K-pop.The two presentations will be followed by a discussion, led by Ko Jeong-min, President of the Future Industry Strategy Institute.“We hope to contribute to the innovation of the international entertainment industry, introducing to Europe K-entertainment’s paradigm change,” an official from the KF said.The event will be livestreamed via the KF’s YouTube channel at 5 p.m. Wednesday in Korea, 10 a.m. in Switzerland. Korean and English simultaneous interpretation will be provided.By Im Eun-byel ( silverstar@heraldcorp.comTo write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SEOUL: In June 2013, a seven-member boyband released its first music video No More Dream. The track reached the heady heights of #84 on the South Korean government-sponsored Gaon Music Chart.

Six years on, BTS would become just the third group in 50 years to have three number one albums on the Billboard 200 charts in less than 12 months.

Recently, its first all-English single Dynamite made its debut at the top of the Billboard singles chart, making BTS the first South Korean singer or group to achieve such a feat.

With dismal economic data at every turn because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the success of BTS has been welcome news for South Korea, not just for cultural pride but also for the tangible benefits that come with it. A government study projects that the chart-busting Dynamite will generate 1.7 trillion won (US$1.43 billion) of economic activity and nearly 8,000 new jobs.

READ: K-pop band BTS to become multimillionaire shareholders with label's IPO



In 2019, BTS held three concerts under its Love Yourself banner. The gigs in Seoul attracted 130,000 fans and created almost US$1 billion in economic value.

The pandemic may have put the brakes on travel, concerts and fan meetings. But it has not stemmed the surging popularity of Hallyu, or the Korean Wave.

SM Entertainment, one of South Korea’s three largest entertainment agencies, teamed up in May with telecom giant SK to transpose the experience of a live concert into the living rooms of fans.

“COVID-19 has opened up new opportunities for Korea’s Hallyu to expand and grow further,” said Kim Hun-sik, a pop culture critic in Seoul.

“SM Entertainment has been investing in things like virtual reality for about 10 years now. You have artistes like Psy with Gangnam Style and now BTS.”

Using technology known as 3D mixed reality (MR), one of SM Entertainment’s acts, Super Junior, staged a live performance for fans around the world.

One of the band members, Choi Si-won, initially appeared as an MR image, filling the 12m high concert hall, before actually joining his bandmates on stage.

“Even if the person is not there, it can seem like he or she is in front of our eyes and we are actually meeting in person,” said Jeon Jin-soo, who heads the 5GX Service Business Group at SK Telecom.

The music festival KCON was created in 2012 to promote K-pop among American fans. This year’s edition would have taken place in New York in June.

COVID-19, of course, put paid to that.

But in its place came KCON:TACT, a seven-day online concert, featuring 33 different K-pop artistes. The event attracted more than four million viewers.

CJ ENM, the entertainment company behind KCON, has set its sights on another instalment this year, which will take place over 10 days in October.

“It’s been a tough year for the live entertainment industry, especially for K-pop because K-pop is really about the interaction and communication between fans and artistes,” said John Han, project manager at CJ ENM’s global festival business team.

“But it’s an opportunity to come up with new ideas and creative ones to connect fans and artistes through the virtual world.”

South Korea, like most governments, is looking for ways to revive an economy battered by the coronavirus. To promote Hallyu, the finance ministry will set aside US$585 million in next year’s budget. That figure, announced on Monday (Sep 7) is a 43 per cent jump from the 2020 allocation.

In anticipation of the pandemic and its accompanying distancing measures stretching well into next year, part of the Hallyu budget will be spent helping K-pop bands hold online concerts.

While the pandemic has forced concert organisers to dig deep and innovate, at least one Hallyu export is experiencing growth.

With more people staying in, Korean dramas have emerged as a home entertainment staple.

A survey in Indonesia earlier this year showed that about 73 per cent of the people polled started watching Korean dramas after the pandemic hit the country in March.

Streaming services in India have also reported a surge in demand.

“Before (the pandemic) Korean dramas were shown here at home first. If they were good, they would be exported,” said Kim Hun-sik, the pop culture critic.

“These days many are shown on platforms like Netflix at the same time as they are seen here. Or maybe a few days later.”

Still, there have been setbacks. Some production houses have had to stop filming because of COVID-19 restrictions. For the lesser known players, the lack of face-to-face meetings with overseas buyers has also hampered sales.

In the K-pop industry, while artistes with established fan bases are finding ways to circumvent the pandemic, newcomers are struggling.

“These so-called trainees don’t have a stage anywhere, and it’s difficult to hold online concerts if people don’t know who they are,” said pop critic Kim Hun-sik.

“Some agencies have started mixing them up with the more popular groups. But it’s still tough.”Netflix is getting into K-pop as the streamer is set to launch a documentary about rising girl group Blackpink.

The SVOD service will launch Blackpink: Light Up The Sky on October 14. The film will chart the rise of the band, which has found itself in the Billboard Hot 100 with Ice Cream, its recent collaboration with Selena Gomez.

Directed by Caroline Suh, director of Netflix’s Salt Fat Acid Heat, and produced by RadicalMedia, the film features exclusive interviews with members Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé and Lisa and never-before-seen footage.

It will look at the band’s recording process, the highs and lows of being a K-pop idol, culminating with their 2019 performance at Coachella.

“The K-pop phenomenon has been sweeping the globe and Blackpink has arguably become the most recognizable and most popular girl group in the world.” said Netflix’s Adam Del Deo, VP Documentary Features. “Director Caroline Suh’s trusted relationship with Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa offers organic and honest moments that give viewers an authentic inside look into the lives of Blackpink, as well as the dedication and grueling preparation each member puts into every hit song, history-making performance and sold-out arena tour. We’re thrilled to bring their story to their fans worldwide.”

Cara Mones produces and Jon Kamen, David Sirulnick and Zara Duffy at RadicalMedia executive produce.BTS' latest single, "Dynamite," ranked second on Billboard's main singles Hot 100 chart for the second consecutive week this week after spending the first two weeks on the chart at No. 1. The septet made history by becoming the first South Korean artist to top the Hot 100 chart last month.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.All-female K-pop groups Girls’ Generation, Miss A and Girl’s Day have all spawned stars who were hiding another impressive talent – acting – many of them, from Lee Ji-eun (aka IU) to Lee Hyeri have gone on to be Korean drama stars in their own right, and for good reasonIt is the second time that CJ ENM has held KCON online following the one in June due to the novel coronavirus epidemic.Interest in all things K-pop is at an all-time high nowadays, with Seoul-based musical acts and artists gaining prominence on radio, television, music and video streaming platforms, and, of course, on social media. But one final frontier for K-pop is literature. While fanfiction and self-publishing have been forums for fan-written stories based on the lives of their favorite stars, 2020 is a milestone year for young adult novels centered around the Korean pop music industry.

Arriving as the latest ripple of the Korean Wave, a.k.a. Hallyu, K-pop YA is having a moment with U.S. publishers, with several books arriving recently that explore the life and times of K-pop stars and idol hopefuls. Some are written by stars themselves, and others by lifelong aficionados or recent arrivals down the K-pop rabbit hole, but they all explore fictionalized versions of this glossy, performance-based world that has become beloved by so many across the globe.

While varied in scope, each book discusses the complexities of K-pop star lifestyles, careers, and training systems. They also delve deep into issues like diversity and representation in media, with main characters making their way from the States to Korea to pursue their dreams after growing up without seeing many Asian faces in Hollywood. With a splash of love and a dash of drama mixed into each novel’s tale of the competitive path towards the stage, these stories may be fictional, but they evoke true-to-life feelings and insights into what it takes to achieve success, and what it’s like to try and make your dreams a reality.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.SEOUL (Reuters) - Members of hugely popular South Korean K-Pop band BTS are expected to become multimillionaire shareholders after receiving shares in their label, Big Hit Entertainment, as it prepares an initial public offering (IPO) that could raise up to 962.6 billion won ($811 million).

This week, BTS scored Korea’s first-ever no. 1 spot on the main U.S. Billboard music chart with breezy disco hit “Dynamite”. Their first all-English language single hit the spot for mainstream U.S. pop fans, with a Youtube video garnering more than 284 million views already.

Big Hit CEO and largest shareholder Bang Si-hyuk last month gave 478,695 common shares to the seven BTS members, or 68,385 per each, “to strengthen long-term partnership with major artists and boost morale”, Big Hit said in a regulatory filing on Wednesday.

Each BTS member would get 9.23 billion won of shares, or 64.6 billion won altogether, if the IPO is priced at the top of its range in October.

The stock gift may be interpreted as an attempt to bind the BTS members and the label more closely together, said Kim Hyun-yong, analyst at eBEST Investment & Securities.

Big Hit plans to offer about 7.1 million shares at an indicative price range of 105,000-135,000 won per share.

The pricing potentially values the company at up to 4.8 trillion won ($4.04 billion), considering convertible preferred stocks plus common shares, analysts said.

“The stock could perform well upon listing, as there’s a lot of liquidity in the market now... Then it depends on Big Hit’s results, but the lack of physical concerts due to COVID-19 will likely have negative impact,” said Nam Hyo-ji, analyst at KTB Investment and Securities.

Big Hit relies heavily on BTS, with some 87.7% and 97.4% of its revenue in the first half of 2020 and 2019 respectively coming from the group, the filing said.

With BTS members expected to enter mandatory military service for South Korean men in coming years, the label has worked to address market concerns that it needs to diversify its revenue streams.

“There is the military issue, but if there is no legal exemption, Big Hit is expected to either set up units with the remaining members or pursue solo acts while they serve in the military,” said Kim Hyun-yong.(G)I-DLE, the six-member K-pop girl group, are weighing up what they love and admire about each other. “Shuhua’s eccentric thoughts, Soojin’s eye-catching dancing skills...” offers their leader and rapper Soyeon, who is herself whip-smart, elfish and, when she needs to be, steely. “Yuqi’s confidence,” adds Miyeon. “She really knows how to love herself”. Describing what it is that makes Minnie, Shuhua, Soojin, Soyeon, Yuqi and Miyeon unique – charisma, beauty, humour, dreamlike auras, the double whammy of “sexy-but-cute” – their words take flight like tiny jewel-coloured birds, darting and uplifting.

That (G)I-DLE see each other not just as bandmates but as role models and muses comes through in every interview they do. As a multinational group (Thai, Taiwanese, Chinese, Korean) working through cultural differences and the hardships of being far from home, they’ve formed an affectionate, protective sisterhood. And as a self-producing girl group who write their own music – a very rare entity in K-Pop – and have input into every part of their creative process, they utilise this closeness to their advantage; the tiniest details about each individual member serve as inspiration. All the while, their fandom (NEVERLAND) sprawls further across the world with every new record.

The tightness of their bond makes their onstage presence prismatic — boldly reflecting the dozens of shifting, individual elements that make up each young woman outwards as a complex singularity. At the very core of (G)I-DLE, however, the shared, primary foundation has always been self-belief. It’s what lead Soyeon to write their debut-securing first single “((여자)아이들) _ LATATA”; what propelled Yuqi, Shuhua and Minnie to leave their countries to try their luck in South Korea’s idol industry in the first place; and what gave them – the only rookie group competing alongside five senior acts – the confidence and skill to wind up in third place on the survival show, Queendom, causing a stir with their regal, fearless finale performance of “LION”.

But when in conversation with the group, it becomes clear that they’re also united by a shared ambition, vulnerability, and the inclination to push beyond traditional expectations of them as women in K-pop. In fact, they refuse to acknowledge that these boundaries even exist. “We haven’t hit #1 on the digital charts yet,” Yuqi says, “that’s something I really want to achieve, and I hope we can be more acknowledged musically!” Miyeon, who recently revealed that (G)I-DLE are set on creating their own genre, says that they’re “still working towards it... we’re consistently trying to achieve that goal.” Soyeon agrees, adamant that even when they do, it too will contain no barriers and have “no end”.

In 2020, the group have already celebrated their two year anniversary and released three singles: the formidable “Oh My God” (from their third Korean EP, I Trust); “I’m The Trend” (written by Minnie and Yuqi); and their latest, “DUMDi DUMDi”, a lighthearted summer bop. Casually highlighting (G)I-DLE’s effortless duality, their second Japanese EP – consisting of translated, re-recorded versions of tracks including “Oh My God” and a brand new deep cut, Minnie’s heartbreaking “Tung Tung (Empty)” – dropped at the of August, making (G)I-DLE’s 2020 a creatively abundant one, despite the looming global pandemic.

We spoke to the group to discuss “Tung-Tung” and more…

“DUMDi DUMDi” is definitely a change of pace for a (G)I-DLE lead single – why was now the right time to drop something so upbeat and breezy?

Minnie: We always try to do something new. The concept of this comeback was also interpreted in our own style, which I hope many people liked. (G)I-DLE turned bright and fresh for the summer!

The video shoot looks like it was a lot of fun. What do you remember most about it?

Yuqi: We were soaked the whole time from shooting the pool scene and the bubble party scene. Shooting those scenes was a bit tough, but they turned out very nicely.

Soojin: The bubble party scene is the most memorable. Make sure to check out that scene from the music video!

Soyeon, on “I’m The Trend” you wrote: “I have everything that you want to resemble / My charms that endured through the tough Produce 101, Unpretty Rapstar, Queendom…”. How do you think these shows helped you become the leader you are today?

Soyeon: I learned that if you survive through the struggles, you will eventually make it. I’m a goal pursuer, I am competitive, and I am not easily wavered. It’s more appropriate to say that I’m the type of person who can enjoy competition shows, than to say that being on competition shows helped me. And as a leader, this personality of mine comes in handy.

You’ve described yourself as having been a quiet kid. When do you recall this other side of you – the fierce, competition-loving Soyeon – appearing?

Soyeon: I am pretty quiet. Rather than wanting to win over someone, I just wanted to be the best since I was young. Honestly, I am not sure what kind of influence my parents had on me adopting this kind of mindset but they always had faith in me!

Queendom was a tough show – looking back, how has it impacted (G)I-DLE long-term?

Miyeon: I was scared and concerned about being on a competitive show. But every time we prepared a performance and got on stage, the belief that “I will be fine as long as I am with my teammates” became stronger. Once Queendom was over, I started to think that the six of us can do anything together, and I became confident enough not to fear any adventures.

It’s clear that (G)I-DLE have a true bond – what’s something that helps keep you close as a team?

Miyeon: We spend a lot of time talking. We don’t need to consciously make time for it, we just talk amongst ourselves a lot, opening up even the trivial parts of our lives without discomfort. All six of us like to eat, so we get together to have good food, too.

Minnie, Yuqi and Soyeon – as all three of you are songwriters, how do your working styles differ?

Minnie: I concentrate on my feelings at the moment. “For You” was the most challenging to write because it was actually my first time creating a song on my own. I made that song when I was very lonely and struggling, I felt so alone then that I wanted to tell somebody. The feelings got more intense as I wrote the lyrics, it was overwhelming. I hope listening to this song will relieve people’s sad and lonesome hearts.

Soyeon: I consider the lyrics the most important. The line “You changed as if you took a drug” from “HANN (Alone)” is one I’m proud of. It illustrates your partner turning into a totally different person the moment your relationship comes to an end.

Minnie, tell me about your new song “Tung-Tung (Empty)”...

I wrote the song utilising the Korean word “tung-tung” and the message of the song is “my heart which used to be full of you is now empty (tung-tung).” I hope the audience finds the loneliness relatable as it’s a track I put my best efforts into. The harmonies and string instruments are key points also, so pay attention to them as you listen!

Soyeon, as the group’s main songwriter and someone who always strives to be the best, have you ever had a fear around the possibility that a song might not be a success? How do you see past intrusive thoughts like that?

I see failure as something that will not happen. And if it does, it will be just a moment, and I’m sure I’d be able to overcome it shortly.

And, finally, what would you like to say to NEVERLAND right now?

Minnie: Dear NEVERLAND, I always thank you for all the love you have given us until now, and I love you. 

Miyeon: If NEVERLAND weren’t here, (G)I-DLE wouldn’t be here either. Thanks to NEVERLAND being by our side and supporting us all the time. We will do our best for them!To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.South Korean boy band BTS backstage during the 61st Annual GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on February 10, 2019 in Los Angeles, California.

SINGAPORE — Shares of Big Hit Entertainment, the music label behind global K-pop phenomenon BTS, were priced on Monday at the top end of the range ahead of their highly anticipated market debut.

Big Hit Entertainment's stock price was set at 135,000 South Korean won (approx. $115) per piece, according to a regulatory filing on Monday. That was at the top end of the 105,000-135,000 won per share range which was earlier announced. Big Hit is expected to make its market debut in October.

According to the regulatory filing, Big Hit will also raise 962.55 billion Korean won (approx. $820 million) through the offering. The stock was 1,117 times oversubscribed by institutional investors, the filing showed.

Entertainment stocks in South Korea surged on the back of the IPO pricing announcement by Big Hit. Shares of YG Entertainment ended the trading day 11.98% higher, JYP Entertainment rose by 9.94% and SM Entertainment jumped more 6.69%.

A recent Reuters report indicated that retail investor interest for Big Hit's IPO is expected to be strong, with fans of BTS reportedly looking to secure shares of the label.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.As the pandemic continues to persist, K-pop artists are increasingly going online to meet and communicate with their fans. 



Most recently, boy band Seventeen hosted their fourth annual fan meeting “Seventeen in Carat Land” on Sunday via fan community platform Weverse. 



It was a tightly-packed four-hour show that offered a variety of entertainment, from stage performances of the band’s iconic songs to themed acts where members pretended they were newscasters or athletes competing in a sporting event. 



The pre-filmed clips and photos showed the members in pajamas, laying on a couch and eating snacks, as a sign of solidarity for their fans who were most likely watching from home. 



The members also showed themselves sitting at an empty stadium during the fan meeting, and told their fans that they hope to see them there soon. Throughout the virtual meetup, they exuded a cheerful and optimistic attitude. 









“This way, everyone gets to sit in the front seat while wearing pajamas and eating whatever you want in the most comfortable position,” added member Woozi. 



“Whatever happens we are always together. And by reading the comments, I get this incredible feeling that we are all dancing together,” said member Junhui. 



The fan meeting was streamed to over 120 countries and offered a multicamera feature that allowed viewers to access 14 different camera angles -- one that captured the whole team and 13 that showed close-ups of each member. 



Other K-pop acts, including Mamamoo, Kang Daniel, Chungha, IZ*ONE and Weki Meki, have also recently hosted online meet-and-greets. 



Members of boy group 2PM plan to hold an online fan meeting upcoming Saturday, while Pentagon will have their third online fan meeting “PENTAG-ON AIR” the following day. 





By Kwon Yae-rim ( “We were supposed to meet earlier but it had been on hold, so it’s been even more fun to see you Carats today,” said member Hoshi. “While we aren’t in the same physical space, it was very meaningful for me because I got to read your comments and see your individual reactions.”“This way, everyone gets to sit in the front seat while wearing pajamas and eating whatever you want in the most comfortable position,” added member Woozi.“Whatever happens we are always together. And by reading the comments, I get this incredible feeling that we are all dancing together,” said member Junhui.The fan meeting was streamed to over 120 countries and offered a multicamera feature that allowed viewers to access 14 different camera angles -- one that captured the whole team and 13 that showed close-ups of each member.Other K-pop acts, including Mamamoo, Kang Daniel, Chungha, IZ*ONE and Weki Meki, have also recently hosted online meet-and-greets.Members of boy group 2PM plan to hold an online fan meeting upcoming Saturday, while Pentagon will have their third online fan meeting “PENTAG-ON AIR” the following day.By Kwon Yae-rim ( kyr@heraldcorp.comEarlier this week, two anonymous Twitter users made sexual assault and harassment allegations against a K-pop star fans believe to be Kim Woojin. Now, Woojin and his managing agency, 10X Entertainment, are denying the accusations.

On Monday, September 7th, the first anonymous Twitter user shared their account of an encounter with an unnamed K-pop idol at a bar in South Korea three months ago. The user wrote that the idol groped them and their friend and cursed at them for rejecting his advances. The user’s account has been deactivated, but Teen Vogue has obtained screenshots of the original tweets.

The user did not name Woojin as their assaulter, but claimed that the idol “is not part of [their original K-pop] group anymore, he is not even under the big company anymore.” This led Twitter users to suspect Woojin, who left the K-pop group Stray Kids and its label JYP Entertainment suddenly in October 2019, due to unspecified “personal circumstances.”

The anonymous user then tweeted “W 우 big 3,” which Twitter users interpreted as reference to the first letter of Woojin’s name in English (W) and Korean (우), and to his former label, as “Big 3” is a nickname for a trio of leading South Korean entertainment companies that includes JYP Entertainment. There was also speculation on Twitter that the original poster could be referring to a few other K-pop idols.

Hours later, a second anonymous user came forward to state that they had been sexually harassed by Woojin in a bar on April 29th, before another patron stepped in to help call them a taxi. The user shared a photo of the bar table supposedly taken at 2:16 a.m., which included a bottle of whiskey they said Woojin purchased for them. The user claimed that Woojin’s hoodie is also visible in the photo, and compared it to a screenshot of a selfie Woojin posted to Instagram on April 29th in which he appears to be wearing a similarly colored sweatshirt (though not a hoodie). That account has also been deactivated, and Teen Vogue has obtained screenshots of those tweets as well.

In a statement posted to his personal Twitter on Tuesday, Woojin denied the allegations and attempted to move past the incident. “Someone posted a strange rumor on Twitter and then deleted their account…” he said, according to a translation by AllKpop. “I've never even met that person, and I've never been to where they said I was. I know my fans must've been very shocked, but it's not true so don't worry too much.” He went on to announce that he has signed to a new agency and that “my label plans to take legal action against the spread of false rumors.”

That label, 10X Entertainment, released a statement on a newly-created Twitter account shortly afterwards. “We are planning to take legal action against the false accusations made against Kim Woojin [and] we reveal photographic evidence to avoid any misunderstanding that fans may have.” The statement included two screenshots. The first was of Woojin’s phone to show that the selfie he posted on April 29th had been taken much earlier, on March 10th. The second screenshot of Woojin’s phone was of a photo of his airpods supposedly taken in his home outside of Seoul at 1:12 a.m. on April 29th, one hour before the second user claimed to have taken the photo of the table they shared with Woojin at a bar.

The company told Teen Vogue that it found that the photo of the bar table posted by the second anonymous user had originally been posted to Instagram on August 30th by a Korean male of no relation and could easily be found by searching #글랜버기12년, which is the brand of whiskey shown in the photo. Teen Vogue spoke to the owner of that account who confirmed that he had taken the photo while out with a friend at a bar in Seoul’s Itaewon district on August 29th. He was not aware that the photo had been posted on Twitter by an anonymous account and said that it had been used without his knowledge or permission.This month, big names in K-pop and J-pop have released new music - from South Korean juggernauts BTS to Japanese singer-actors Masaki Suda and Tomoya Nakamura.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

K-pop girl group Blackpink show off their sexy side in a collaboration with American singer Selena Gomez.

Ice Cream, a bright and flirty summer release, has plenty of sexual innuendos and double entendres playing off the theme of ice cream.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Seven-member girl group Oh My Girl has worked with South Korean animated children's character Pororo for an adorable, family-friendly hit. Supadupa is a catchy and optimistic tune that keeps one's spirits up.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

D&E - a sub-unit consisting of Donghae and Eunhyuk from South Korean boy band Super Junior - have released their latest mini-album, Bad Blood. The track B.A.D is a dance-electronic number with trap influences.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The unstoppable K-pop boy band BTS (above) are back with their first fully English single Dynamite - a catchy summertime tune with a retro disco vibe.

The single debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States, making the septet the first all-Korean act to pull off such an achievement.

Dynamite's music video, with its multiple costume changes and slick choreography, is also a joy to watch.

LOVE SYNONYM #1: RIGHT FOR ME

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Singer Wonho, formerly of K-pop boy band Monsta X, is fully leaning into his masculine sex appeal as a soloist.

His debut EP kicks off with Open Mind, a track that seduces its listener to embark on a night of abandon - or, as the lyrics put it, "to go from zero to a hundred in one night".

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

Japanese singer-actors Masaki Suda and Tomoya Nakamura team up for an optimistic rock song about moving forward with the help of friends amid difficulties.

The duo's heartfelt delivery, accompanied by guitars and drums, give the track a down-to-earth quality.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

This Japanese duo, made up of Vocaloid music producer Ayase and vocalist Ikura, have enjoyed great popularity at home since they released their debut single, Yoru Ni Kakeru (Racing Into The Night), late last year.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The powerful 100 from SuperM (above) - a special South Korean boy band made up of seven members of four SM Entertainment groups - is a pre-release from their debut album Super One, which is slated to be out this month.

The anthem-like track is certain to get people on their feet and jumping.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

South Korean boy band Got7's Hong Kong member Jackson Wang pays tribute to the city's classic 1990s movies in the music video of his new single, Pretty Please. In it, he chases his love through the rain in a set reminiscent of the territory's streets. The dance break in the middle of the video is a must-watch.

The song is a collaboration with Swedish electronic dance music duo Galantis.

Hear it on: Spotify, Apple Music and other music streaming platforms

The Japanese singer-actress, best known for voicing the female lead in hit anime movie Your Name (2016) and starring in romance drama An Incurable Case Of Love earlier this year, has released a new album, Note.

Kamishiraishi has a sweet, feminine voice that makes for easy listening. She also contributed lyrics for one of the songs, Akubi (Yawn).It’s not so often that we get a co-ed group in K-pop.

But like a breath of fresh air, Grace Company Entertainment announced yesterday (8/9) that we will be seeing a new mixed gender pop group called CHECKMATE soon. This will be the latest co-ed group after KARD, who have seen much success since their debut three years ago.

Scheduled to make their first appearance with single ‘Drum’ on 21 September, information has been conscientiously dropped to hype up the crowd pre-release – and it’s been working. According to the agency, the group has also been communicating with overseas fans, building a fanbase across South America and Europe.

The five member outfit will have two female members, Sieun and Suri, and three male members, Nason, Noah, and Yongseok. Sieun will be the oldest member at age 27, while Noah will be the youngest at 22.

Based on what has been reported, the group will consist of mainly vocalists, as well as rappers Suri and Nason. Some of the members have had prior experience in K-pop, including Suri who was from girl group AMOR, which was active for six months, and Sieun who was from RAMISUL, a female trio from three years ago.

‘Drum’ will be released on 21 September at 4PM (TH/ID Standard Time) / 5PM (PH/SG/MY Standard Time).Being multi-talented is nothing unusual in Korean entertainment as Henry Lau can attest. The Canadian 30-year-old is one of K-pop’s biggest stars, and is now simultaneously breaking into the Korean, Chinese and English-language film and TV businesses.

The top Korean talent agencies typically cast their recruiting nets very wide, and Lau was found by SM Entertainment at a 2006 audition in Toronto. When offered a contract with the powerhouse agency he had to choose between a career in classical music, where he had expected to be a professional violinist, and an uncertain future as a singer in Korea.

Making the decision harder, Lau actually has no Korean roots. He has the looks that could allow him to appear Korean, but is instead of Chinese descent — a second generation Canadian who at the time spoke no Chinese.

Lau’s “culture shock” involved full days of education and training within the agency. The curriculum had him learning the Korean and Chinese languages, Korean culture and multiple different forms of dance and song. “It was like a big school,” Lau says.

By 2008, the agency had packaged him as part of Super Junior M, a Chinese-targeted spin-off from the hit boy band Super Junior, where M stood for mandarin. “All this was before was before the world went K-pop crazy, before K-pop had truly taken off,” Lau says. He admits to carrying his violin with him everywhere, like a defensive blanket, but it became part of his brand. He toured Asia and the U.S. – including playdates at Madison Square Garden – with the band.

Success was not instantaneous. And there was resistance by some fans to his position in the Super Junior constellation. Lau took time out at Boston’s Berklee school to learn music production. But as he amassed skills, Lau returned to the group, increasingly made solo appearances, broadened into song-writing, and started acting. His 2013 EP “Trap” was a hit that was later re-versioned in Chinese and Japanese, while its music video has over 81 million views.

Lau’s first major screen role was as co-star opposite Michelle Yeoh in “Final Recipe,” an English-language feature drama about an aspiring chef who takes part in a cooking contest in order to save the family business. It was directed by U.S.- and Korea-based Gina Kim and played in both the Berlin and San Sebastian festivals.

In the past year Lau has stared in DreamWorks’ “A Dog’s Journey,” and “Double World,” a major film for Chinese streaming giant iQIYI adapted from a video game of the same title.

“I had not played the game, but was certainly aware of it, and its huge number of fans. I had to be very accurate in my representation of it,” Lau says. Additional challenges including the large amount of green screen work it involved, and having to learn his lines from a script re-written in pinyin (romanized Chinese).

Having left SM behind him, Lau has struck out on his own under the management of Monster Entertainment, a company he formed in 2018 with his brother Clinton, another former musician. “Initially, we tried to find a company that could do everything I needed across different languages, countries and disciplines,” Lau explains. “I never expected to have to start a company, but it is interesting to see things from the business side. It is a lot more responsibility, and things make more sense now.”

Variety caught up with Lau in Seoul, just as Monster was putting him through boot camp all over again, a month intended to get him in shape for a major Korean TV role, in a continuing series, alongside one of the best known Korean-American stars.

In previous interviews Lau has spoken of surprise that Asian acts could succeed in the U.S. These days he sees the horizon as much wider and audience tastes as broader. “There is always the question of whether I’m right for the role. But it is no longer a choice (between China, Korea and Hollywood). It is all one.”It seemed improbable at the time that a mostly non-English language track from South Korea would catch fire stateside, but K-pop in the U.S. and worldwide has since proven itself as anything but a novelty. Today, acts like BTS and Blackpink are notching Billboard hits. They’re hitting every major late-night and awards show. Not to mention the magnitude and influence of their fandoms have pretty much given a cultural reset on what a fandom is. It’s little wonder why the rest of the world finally caught on to K-pop bands, with their ultra sticky tracks, ornate stage and music video visuals, and intensely intricate choreography. But what is of some wonder is what it actually takes to get all of the above. It’s a topic journalist Stephan Lee dives into with his debut YA novel, K-Pop Confidential. When 15-year-old Korean American Candace Park is chosen to enter a K-pop trainee program in South Korea, she leaves behind her life in New Jersey to chase her dreams of being selected to form a new girl group. But between the culture shock of her own heritage she knows little of and the brutal restrictions on what trainees are allowed to do, say, and eat, Candace is immediately thrust into the pressure cooker of what it takes to be a K-pop idol. Although K-Pop Confidential is a work of fiction, the grim reality of how taxing the Asian music industry can be has manifested in real life with apparent suicides and extreme public apologies for high crimes in the K-pop and J-pop worlds—like dating. As the title suggests, Lee did have some intel on what goes on in K-pop trainee programs, but he didn’t want to write an exposé about the industry’s dark side. While he doesn’t shy away from its more problematic aspects, he does get at the heart of why trainee programs operate the way they do and wraps it all in a coming-of-age story that’s as much about finding your voice as it is about finding your heritage.

Fast Company: K-Pop Confidential is your debut novel. Is this the story you always wanted to tell? Stephan Lee: I have more of a background in adult publishing, because I was the books editor at Entertainment Weekly for a long time. I was working on an adult novel for a very long time. I’m one of those people who has been writing one of those semiautobiographical novels my entire adult life. After [I graduated from the New School in 2018 with an MFA in creative writing], David Levithan, who is a great author and the [editorial director] of Scholastic, reached out to me because we had met before through my job at EW and he asked me, “Hey, do you have any ideas for a K-pop YA novel?” And I was like, “No, not really.” He sent me some thought starters, and I was like, “This isn’t really right.” SL: This book started out as IP [publisher-generated intellectual property]. It’s really big in YA where a publisher kind of comes up with an idea and then hires a writer to do it. . . . but the ideas that they had—these are clearly not K-pop experts because it was all about K-pop stars dating each other. And one of the biggest rules in K-pop is no dating. It’s incredibly strict. So I came up with my own idea. It was a big back-and-forth, but I made sure it wasn’t IP—that it was fully my idea. The tricky thing is I was still on an IP deadline, even though it was totally original. So I had three months to write it. FC: What made you say yes to something that wasn’t your original idea for a novel? SL: I’d been a K-pop fan for several years at this point. And I completely had the thought before that someone should write a K-pop YA novel because it’s just so well-suited for it. Specifically the K-pop trainee life, which not that many people know about. Basically to be a K-pop star, you have to go away to a record label’s trainee camp, and then you’re subjected to insane rehearsals, lots of scrutiny, lots of pressure, and lots of rules. That just felt like a really interesting environment for a YA novel. I just never really thought I’d be the one to write it.

FC: In addition to shifting the original idea away from K-pop stars dating each other, how did you shape this into your vision? SL: The theme of the book came to me right away because I think emotionally. It was really about how to withstand constant criticism or extreme pressure to change who you are, even physically, because I have heard of people being encouraged to go on diets or even get surgery sometimes. So I was thinking about how one teenager who may not even think that she’s all that confident could stand up to those types of pressures. And I also definitely wanted the story to be from a Korean American point of view rather than a Korean point of view. I wanted the reader to be with the narrator as kind of an outsider in this situation. And just from my own experiences of spending time in Korea, it was always really jarring because that’s a place where I might look a bit more like the majority there, but I also feel very foreign there. So I really wanted to capture the sense of someone feeling like an immigrant in the States and feeling like you have to be really perfect to excel and then to find the same thing in that country of your heritage. FC: In K-Pop Confidential, you created the fictional K-pop management company S.A.Y. Entertainment, that’s meant to be a version of real-life companies like Big Hit Entertainment or YG Entertainment that manage BTS and Blackpink, respectively. And as the title of your book suggests, it seems you may have some intel into how these K-pop management companies operate. What real-life scenarios informed your novel? SL: A lot of Western reporting about the K-pop trainee world feels a little bit like it exoticizes it. I did as much research of that nature that I could, but a lot of stars don’t really want to linger or give too much detail about that period. I think because they’re not supposed to, and it’s just very personal. But I also have a friend who was an ex-trainee of one of these companies. I will not divulge their name! I got some of their takes, but I also, like you were saying, didn’t want to base this on a particular company. But I wanted to get certain details right. I wanted to get the crazy schedules right. I wanted to get some of the rules right. But I also wanted to use a lot of my imagination. I think teenagers have a lot of commonality no matter where they’re from. So I wanted to capture the day-to-day feeling of the young people being in a very competitive environment. So for inspiration, I didn’t specifically just focus on K-pop stories. I drew inspiration from any accounts of kids in competitive sports, like gymnastics or cheerleading, or even kids who were trying really hard to get into colleges—just that enormous amount of pressure being put on you by adults. FC: The music industry in general has a complicated history with how artists are treated, particularly young female artists. But one thing I found interesting in K-Pop Confidential is how much that drive for perfection is rooted in national pride. Not to justify the actions of some of these managers, but they really are putting these artists through the paces because they look at them as representing the whole of South Korea on a global stage. SL: I’m so glad you put it that way, because I didn’t want this to be the “dark side of K-pop.” I wanted it to be very balanced because I do think that the system they have, while flawed, is not really any more flawed than any other. It’s really admirable how much pride Korea takes in its culture and spreading it. Back in 2014 for EW, I went on a long research trip to Korea. What I really took away from that trip was what a concerted effort spreading K-pop was. It seemed like even though each company, each group, or each star was very ambitious and everything like that, there was this kind of collective desire to show a good face to the world. I think that it has to do with Korean resilience. Korea has historically been through a lot and bounced back amazingly quickly. And I do think that culture is a huge part of that. Just like how Korea is killing the coronavirus fighting game. There is a sense that the whole is more important than just individuals. That’s really admirable; that’s what a lot of people around the world see when they learn more about K-pop and see the way the groups interact with each other.

FC: The K-pop industry is notoriously tight-lipped about its operations. Not to mention, the K-pop fan base is no joke: It has the power to amplify something or decimate it. How do you think K-Pop Confidential will be received? SL: I’ve had many, many, many sleepless nights about this. But I think that everyone realizes it’s fiction. I’ve had hard-core K-pop fans read this and just think it’s really fun and light. I tried really hard to make sure that none of the fictional characters were based on anybody in real life or would make people think too clearly about a real K-pop idol. I’m really glad that I had to write it so quickly because I think a lot of these doubts would have made it really hard, because if you cater to what you expect K-pop fans to react to, you’d be very limited because it’s pretty unpredictable. But at its heart, I have so much respect for the artists. As long as my intentions were pure, there’s nothing I can really do about the reaction, which is kind of Candace’s realization, too, throughout the whole novel.If you happen to be among the countless people who've dismissed K-Pop as vapid, saccharine and content-free – a kind of Korean dance-music answer to Japan's Hello Kitty – you may want to reconsider.

Over the past few months, K-Pop fans have been leading one of the music world's most effective campaigns on behalf of the Black Lives Matter movement. While anonymous hackers have their "we are legion" boast, K-Pop fans actually have the numbers to prove it. With tens of thousands of Twitter accounts at their fingertips, they sent out no less than six billion tweets last year. As Esquire magazine has pointed out, that's approximately "three percent of all tweets sent by everyone in the world."

But with great power comes great responsibility. And much to the chagrin of BLM deniers, K-Pop fans have been responsible for quite a lot of late. Here are a few highlights:

​
• K-Pop fans hijacked far-right hashtags like #WhiteLivesMatter, #WhiteOutWednesday and #MAGA with an endless stream of K-Pop videos, effectively rendering them useless for the reactionaries who rely upon them.

​
• K-Pop fans shut down the Dallas Police Department's iWatchDallas app, which was designed for citizens to use as a "portal for videos of civil unrest." When Grand Rapids' police department released its own Big Brother app, K-Pop fan @ngelwy sounded the alarm: "You know the drill! SEND IN ALL OF YOUR FANCAMS!!! CRASH THE WEBSITE!!! MAKE THEM TAKE IT DOWN!!! PROTECT THE PROTESTORS!!!"

It gets better. Back in June, after K-Pop idols BTS donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter, their fans organized a fundraising campaign that, using the hashtags #MatchAMillion and #MatchTheMillion, raised an additional million in less than a day.

"Just like BTS," they tweeted, "we were able to donate 1M dollars to help fund: bailouts for those arrested for protesting police brutality, Black-led advocacy orgs fighting against systemic injustice, support for the physical and mental health of the Black community."

So is it possible there's more to K-Pop than its confectionery blend of choreographed EDM, hip-hop and bubblegum pop? Granted, no one is going to mistake BTS and BLACKPINK for Bob Dylan or Public Enemy. But step beyond the linguistic and cultural boundaries, and you might be surprised at what you'll find.

Consider, for instance, BTS bandleader RT's collaboration with Nigerian American rapper Wale on 2017's "Change," a hit single with lyrics about conspicuous consumption, cyber-bullying and racial profiling.

"In America, they've got their situations and we've got ours in Seoul," RT told Teen Vogue magazine at the time. "The problems are everywhere, and the song is like a prayer for change. He [Wale] talks about the police, and problems he's faced since he was a child. For me, I talked about Korea, my problems, and about those on Twitter who kill people by keyboards."

RT's bandmate Suga – whose "Agust D" solo project scored big on the Billboard magazine Rap Album chart earlier this year – echoed RT's comments in a BTS press conference later that same year. "It isn't a BTS album," he said, "if there isn't a track criticizing society."

That was three years ago, which in the world of teen-pop is the better part of a lifetime. So at this point, there's no telling what trends today's K-Pop fans may be following three years from now.

And in a larger sense, that doesn't really matter, because these online activists aren't going away anytime soon. They've already proven that they're more clever and resourceful than their counterparts on the right. They've shown up the hypocrisy of a culture that's more interested in virtue signaling than meaningful change. And, like it or not, they are legion.Earlier this summer, American K-pop fans mobilized support for Black Lives Matter using their massive and collective power on social media.

Big Hit Entertainment, the record label behind BTS — one of the first K-pop groups to gain popularity in the U.S. — responded to the outpouring of solidarity by donating $1 million to BLM in early June.

But the move was an outlier within K-pop — other industry groups and solo artists weren’t so eager to speak up. Fans wanted more support from their favorite artists, known in K-pop culture as idols.

Crystal Anderson, affiliate Korean studies faculty member at George Mason University and author of the new book "Soul in Seoul: African American Popular Music and K-Pop,” says it’s because Korea has always pushed for its outward-facing artists, especially the pop stars, to maintain a positive image for global fans.

Anderson has been researching how Black American culture has a significant influence on K-pop music at large. When K-pop first began, groups drew on hip-hop and R&B artists of the 1990s, she says, and that trend has continued through today.

For example, she draws comparisons between K-Ci & JoJo’s “All My Life” to 2PM’s “Wanna Love You Again,” a K-pop group tune.

When she was digging through 2PM’s discography, “I kept coming across these R&B ballads and they were R&B ballads with no qualifications. And I thought that that would be a really great comparison to K-Ci & JoJo” she says. “And so you can hear very clearly those similarities.”

Brown Eyed Soul, a Korean R&B group, has experienced lineup changes. But their founder, a musician at his core, has remained throughout, she says. Brown Eyed Soul’s music, Anderson says, “shows that K-pop doesn't just draw from the contemporary music of its time. It also reaches back to older genres of Black popular music.”

She compares their hit “Can’t Stop Loving You” up against Sly and the Family Stone’s “Dance to the Music.”

And for hip-hop, she likens Korean artist Primary’s “2 Weeks” to The Roots’ “The Next Movement,” where live instrumentation can be heard on both.

Primary “does very little sampling, just like you have that live instrumentation in ‘The Next Movement.’ You have the rhythms of R&B and you have rap all over that as well,” she says.

The influence of Black American artists on K-pop is just that. Anderson makes the distinction that K-pop musicians tap into hybridity as opposed to what many white artists have done in the past by taking ownership of music by Black Americans.

“One thing that we can see in those instances is that often those songs that were initially written and performed by African American artists were covered by white performers to achieve popularity,” she says.

But those covers were often “watered-down versions of the original” to suit the white mainstream’s taste, she explains. Black originators of the songs were often not given any credit, she says.

K-pop is different, she says, because they utilize the concept of citation and don’t hide the connections.

“Much like you cite your sources for a news story or for a research paper, K-pop artists are citing the R&B music tradition, and they're doing so through authentic performances, she says. “And [author and culture critic] Brittney Cooper has used this term to describe this idea in relation to popular music, that the idea is to point the listener back to the original.”

K-pop creators often work with Black artists and producers to create their music, she says.

There are a few hurdles for K-pop when it comes to sustaining a fan base in the U.S. and becoming part of the musical landscape on a deeper level. One of the obstacles includes language barriers, she says.

“The other challenge, though, is related to the history of the United States — and its history with immigration, with Korea as a country, with the racial history in the United States itself — that colors the way that people perceive the cultural production of other countries,” she says.

Yet she argues that other kinds of cultural products in the U.S. do become popular in subgroups. While they may live within non-mainstream subgroups, she says these products are still significant.

“I think that you always have a subculture that's interested in K-pop, just like you have a subculture that's interested in Bollywood, in anime and Chinese martial arts films,” she says. “But the degree to which they infiltrate the mainstream, I think we just still have to see whether that's going to be sustained.”

Ashley Locke produced and edited this interview for broadcast with Peter O'Dowd. Serena McMahon adapted it for the web.

Rhythm and blues as practiced by Motown represented cultural work because it effected a cultural change by shifting pop music itself. It was initially positioned opposite pop music. Going back to the 1950s, pop music initially included songs by Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett, whose style Martha Bayles (1994) describes as “smooth, polished vocal music set to an orchestrated background” (108). On the other hand, rhythm and blues represented “black oriented” music that mixed elements of swing and the blues with vocals derived from gospel (Bayles 1994, 111). This new form of music threatened pop music, as an article in Variety from 1955 shows: “The established pop vocalists are finding the current rhythm and blues phase of the music biz to be tough sledding. . . . The major diskers are not finding it easy to crack the r&b [sic] formula. . . . The kids not only are going for the tunes and the beat, but they seem to be going for the original interpretations as well” (Brackett 2005, 77). Rhythm and blues not only represented a different mode of music, it also provided the foundation for rock and roll and changed the pop music scene by introducing soulful vocals and rhythm-driven tracks that promoted dance and choreography in ways that continue today. Fitzgerald (1995) identifies Motown’s role as an innovator in the development of pop music itself and points to how the musical team of Holland-Dozier-Holland “elevated rhythm to new structural status,” creating “a new style of mainstream popular song . . . where the hidden architecture supporting the melodic/lyric hook is now primarily rhythmic” (8). After this point, it is almost impossible to talk about pop music without recognizing its R&B foundations, an influence that went beyond the black people who initially created it or its initial black American audiences. Rhythm and blues influenced pop music so much that “in late 1963 Billboard discontinued its rhythm & blues chart for over one year, apparently because it was similar enough to the more general Hot 100 music chart as to be redundant” (Ripani 2006, 81). Pop may go by a plethora of names, but much of it still retains the elements of R&B within a pop context. Ward (1998) suggests that Motown “forged a flexible house style which appealed across regional, racial and even generational boundaries” (262). That influence in pop music not only represented a measure of mainstream success, but also a recognition of the craft behind the musical production that made African Americans the envy of all.

Similarly, Korean music producers, who have great influence on the sound of K-pop, are known for high-quality music production and, when coupled with images, undertake cultural work. G.-S. Park (2013) observes that the Korean mode of music making relies on a particular kind of production that is local: “Thus far, however, only Spanish and Korean singers have been able to generate such wide success without relying on the global ‘track guys’ [melody composers who create popular music] indicating that these countries have been able to localize their music in a way that other countries cannot easily emulate” (29). Foreign producers who attend music camps in Korea sponsored by Korean entertainment agencies also recognize the quality of this distinct form of Korean pop music. Rodnae “Chikk” Bell describes the difference between American music production and Korean music production: “The average American song is four melodies, maybe five. The average K-pop song is eight to 10. They are also very heavy in the harmonies” (Leight 2018). Kevin Randolph adds: “The one-loop beat doesn’t work over there. . . . You definitely get to stretch. No other style of music has that many parts in their songs” (Leight 2018). This high music quality is inextricably linked to the image of Korean pop artists, who engage in the kind of cultural work we also see in Motown. The casting and training system makes it possible for Korean artists to use quality music as a springboard for parlaying their image. For example, government agencies and non-profits call on such artists to promote causes that produce a positive image of Korea. In 2015 the “idol” group MONSTA X was selected as ambassadors for Girl Scouts Korea because of its image: “We chose MONSTA X as ambassadors due to their diverse talents and charms. Their active and healthy persona fits Girl Scouts’ image” (K. Do, 2015). Beyond Korea, the “idol” group BTS delivered a speech at the United Nations as part of UNICEF’s Generations Unlimited initiative. The focus on image and music quality makes this possible.

Moreover, like Gordy, Korean agency CEOs promote an image of their own making rather than one thrust upon them by others. Given the experience of events like Japanese colonialism, this was sorely needed: “The experience in the Japanese schools engendered ambivalent feelings towards their own language, history and culture” (Eckart et al. 1990, 263). Rob Wilson (1991) details a number of instances of “a grandly orientalist rhetoric of Korean misrepresentation/ underrepresentation”: “If Asia is a territory of vast misrepresentation subject to recurrent tropes of Western orientalism, Korea remains more simply an enclave of sublime forgetting. . . . North/South ‘Korea’ still comprises for postmodern Americans a forbidding and forgotten landscape of belligerency” (239). In other words, Koreans face a global context where the image of their country remained distorted by others. Image has thus become a mechanism where Koreans create their own version of themselves. As Seabrook notes, “Hallyu has erased South Korea’s regional reputation as a brutish emerging industrial nation where everything smelled of garlic and kimchee, and replaced it with images of prosperous, cosmopolitan life” (Seabrook 2012). While this is often described as soft power, it also represents a specific, ethnically informed strategy of cultural work. Korean agencies mirror Gordy’s strategy to rehabilitate the image of Koreans globally. Korean CEOs like Lee Soo-man want to represent Korea well: “What I set forth was the idea of ‘culture first, economy next.’ I believe if the culture of a country becomes known to foreign people first then the economy of that country would thrive through those people. The same dream that shared with the artists, fellow employees and staff members is no longer just a dream. Now our dream has finally become reality” (“Korean Entertainment Agency Takes Its Acts Globally” 2011).

Korean CEOs, and black music producers like Gordy who preceded them, used the casting and training system and the quality of musical production to achieve crossover. Crossover includes the impact of image, combatting reductive ones and replacing them with ones based on work ethic, virtuosity, and quality of performance and music. Korean pop music uses the image of talented and hard-working performers who make and perform high-quality music to dispel the view of the country as weak, unstable, and lacking leadership. Korean entertainment agency CEOs seek to use Korea’s culture to project a self-determined image onto the global stage. It ties its creative and commercial cultural production to its national image through cultural work that worked for Motown decades earlier. By making music that simultaneously emulates and enhances the R&B tradition, CEOs and their pop artists become a global branch of R&B.

Excerpt from Crystal S. Anderson, "Soul in Seoul: African American Popular Music and K-pop," Jackson: University of Mississippi Press, 2020, pp. 85-88.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.The recently released song Dynamite by one of the most popular K-Pop band BTS garnered 10 million views within 24 hours of being on YouTube, and among these numbers there were 8 million Indian fans who liked this video. Is there anything else needed to prove the craze that Indians have for BTS and K-Pop? So, when BTS shared a video message for K-Pop competitors in India, the fan following went crazy!

BTS has been the talk of town among K-Pop lovers since the results for the virtual K-Pop have been announced recently. In vocal, Chanchui Khayi from Delhi has bagged the first position while Xeo Pachuau from Aizwal has scored the first place in the dance category. Although this is for the first time when the K-Pop competition was organised virtually across various parts of the country 1,348 K-Pop fans from India participated overall and the finale saw a selected 36 performances. And on the day of the finale, BTS shared a video message for the participants, and their Indian fans.

The band said, “We heard online contests were held in 18 regions around India for this grand finale. As K-Pop artistes, BTS is very proud that such a great event is being held even though things are tough around the world. We want to say thank you so much to everyone in India who loves K-Pop. Your energy keeps BTS going strong. Thank you ‘Army’ in India. There will be more great music to heal and inspire you. Please keep cheering for us.”

BTS, too, watched the finale, and their message filled the fans and participants in India with crazy enthusiasm. Chanchui Khayi from Delhi, who won the finale, says, “I was quite thrilled and nervous at first because you never know what to expect in the digital realm, and the virtual audience. However, the organisers did their best in making things simple and clear, and the message from BTS was an icing on the cake! It was an exceptionally wonderful encouragement for all of us. I believe this is just the start for an amazing feat to happen in India and the K-wave. BTS has undoubtedly made it bigger and possible. They are exemplary in influencing not only Armies but everyone else watching around the world. I believe it’s something we can all see and learn to grow oneself.”

Another participant, Vicky Singh from Delhi, says, “Receiving a congratulatory message from worldwide famous stars BTS was a really great feeling. Among their busy schedule of promoting their new single Dynamite, they took out time to wish us; that was really amazing. We also aspire to become great artistes in the near future, and their words definitely motivated me a lot. Thank you BTS! If there’s one thing I’ve learnt in this journey, it is that I shouldn’t ever give up and keep pushing. There’s always a way.”

Follow more stories on Facebook and TwitterVideo by Yun Da-been



Jung Joon-young, 31, a singer and TV personality who debuted through Mnet's audition show "Superstar K" in 2012, and Choi Jong-hoon, 31, a former member of boy band FT Island, have been sentenced to 5 years and 2 1/2 years, respectively, in prison after being convicted for gang-raping women on multiple occasions.



The two singers were convicted of gang-raping unconscious women during parties in Hongcheon and Daegu in 2016 with other members of a mobile chat room.



Jung was additionally indicted on charges of sharing his illegally filmed sex videos with friends on mobile chats 11 times over the course of more than 8 months in 2015.



Jung has been detained since March 21 last year and Choi since May 9. Jung will be released after 3 1/2 years, and Choi will be out after a year.K-pop sensation BTS's US-chart-topping single Dynamite could generate more than USD 1.4 billion for the South Korean economy and thousands of new jobs in the country, a government study claimed Monday.

The seven-member band cemented their prominence in the world's biggest music market last week, when the all-English track debuted at number one in the Billboard Hot 100.

The feat had previously eluded rapper Psy, whose Gangnam Style was a global megahit but peaked at number two in the US for seven weeks in the fall of 2012.

The study by South Korea's Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and a government tourism institute projected that the track would generate 1.7 trillion won (USD1.43 billion) of economic activity and nearly 8,000 new jobs.

As well as direct sales of more than 400 billion won, it would lead to nearly 600 billion won of cosmetics sales and almost 180 billion won in food and drinks, the study found.

The estimates were drawn from analysing the sales of the BTS's label Big Hit Entertainment, along with statistics from South Korea's Customs, the central Bank of Korea and Google Trends data.

It excluded foreign tourism in the face of tight travel restrictions imposed by Seoul over the novel coronavirus pandemic.

"If we include the projected tourism revenue down the road...we expect the economic impact to be stronger," the ministry said.

K-pop - along with K-drama soap operas - has been one of South Korea's most successful cultural exports and is a key component of the Korean Wave that has swept Asia and beyond over the last two decades.

ALSO READ: K-pop band BTS members to become multimillionaire shareholders with label’s IPO

ALSO READ: BTS becomes first Korean band to top Billboard Hot 100 singles chart with DynamiteAlthough there are many similarities between K-pop and American pop, one thing that has long been a striking difference between the two industries is how each approaches boy bands and girl bands. In K-pop, not only do these groups practically own the entertainment world, but the amount of members in one unit can sometimes dwarf most American bands.

In K-pop, the average number of members a group has is usually 7, but a lot of fans are receptive to boy bands and girl bands with way more people than that. Read on below to see a comprehensive list of currently active groups with more than 10 members—including one with over 20.

Super Junior is one of the original “large” K-pop groups. They debuted in 2005 with 12 members. Super Junior was initially supposed to be a rotating group with members going in and out every year. However, this concept was quickly abandoned in 2006.

In any case, Super Junior’s lineup has changed quite a bit over the years. Today, they consist of 10 members, but only 9 are active ones.

Golden Child debuted in 2017 with 11 people, but member Park Jaeseok left after a few months due to health issues.

Since their debut, Golden Child’s albums have all charted in the top 10 in South Korea. They have also won four awards, including a number 1 spot music show M Countdown.

The Boyz debuted in late 2017 originally with 12 members. However, member Hwall left the group 2 years later due to health reasons.

Since their debut, The Boyz has been recognized as one of the top rookie groups in K-pop. They have won numerous awards, including domestic and international ones. The group even won the show Road to Kingdom, in which they competed against other K-pop boy bands.

Loona consists of 12 members, each of whom was revealed every month from 2016 to 2017. They officially debuted in 2018, but the group released a lot of pre-debut music before then.

Since their inception, Loona has gained a large following worldwide. Their singles have all charted on the U.S. World chart, and they even appeared at KCON 2019 in Los Angeles.

IZ*ONE was formed on the reality show Produce 48, which is the third season of the popular Korean franchise Produce 101. This season was special in that it was a collaboration between Korea and Japan. Throughout the summer of 2018, fans voted for 12 contestants to be in the final lineup. The end result was IZ*ONE, which consists of 9 Korean members and 3 Japanese members.

IZ*ONE has found success in both Korea and Japan, charting high and winning awards in both countries. However, the group is only a temporary one and will disband in 2021.

Treasure is the newest band on this list. They debuted in August 2020 with 12 members. The group was formed on the reality show created by YG Entertainment, YG Treasure Box.

Seventeen debuted in 2015 with 13 members divided into three specialization units: Hip-Hop, Vocals, and Performance.

When Seventeen came into the scene, their company was close to bankruptcy. However, Seventeen worked their way up to the top of the K-pop industry and has brought more money into their company again.

Many of Seventeen’s songs are well-known in Korea, and the group has won over 40 awards in just 5 years.

Cosmic Girls, or WJSN, is a collaboration project between the Korean company Starship Entertainment and the Chinese company Yuehua Entertainment. The group consists of 13 members, 10 of whom are Korean and 3 of whom are Chinese.

Cosmic Girls has found success in both Korea and China. They have won numerous Korean awards since their debut in 2016. Two members—Mei Qi and Xuan Yi—also came out on top when they participated on the Chinese version of the show Produce 101.

NCT is by far the largest K-pop group with hardly anyone rivaling them. They debuted in 2016 with 13 members before more people were added to the lineup over the years. In 2019, NCT managed to grow to 21 members.

However, all 21 members do not often work together in the same place. The group is split into four sub-units: NCT U, NCT 127, NCT Dream, and WayV. Most members simply work within their assigned sub-unit.

NCT’s company, SM Entertainment, also has plans to produce more sub-units in various cities around the world, so there seems to be no limit to how many members this group can have.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Delivering the opening keynote at the virtual Okta Disclosure 2020 security conference on September 3, well-respected cybersecurity analyst the Grugq tackled the application of cyber power. During his highly informative presentation, the Grugq touched on how some non-states have more cyber power that nation-states. In particular, he mentioned K-pop band BTS and their devoted fan base, ARMY (it stands for Adorable Representative M.C for Youth, apparently), which undoubtedly have such cyber power.

Estimated to be more than 100 million, BTS ARMY is 50 million strong alone, I took the question of whether the K-pop Stan phenomena should, then, be treated as part of the cyber threatscape to the people who should know best: the cybersecurity industry itself.

The decentralized hacktivist movement called Anonymous was best known for taking collective action by way of international political protest, using a combination of hacking skills and distributed denial of service attacks as the weapon of choice. Ordinary people empowered with not only a voice, but a method of amplification that ensured that voice would be heard. That was before things fell apart with the arrest of core Anonymous members. However, Anonymous were, for a while, a credible cyber power. A collective power that some would argue now sits in the hands of K-pop fans.

A taste of the kind of power that K-pop Stans, the generic name for these devoted and obsessed fans, possess was revealed during the Black Lives Matter protest when their social media presence was effectively weaponized. This led me to wonder if then, BTS ARMY and K-pop Stans were, in effect, the new Anonymous?

Are K-pop Stans and BTS ARMY the new Anonymous?

Daniel Smith, a security researcher at Radware, is in no doubt that K-pop stans and the BTS ARMY can be considered the new Anonymous. "They present the same risks and challenges to the threat landscape as Anonymous did in their prime," Smith says, "K-pop fans have been filling the void of an absent Anonymous." He says that this is certainly something of a "shift in non-state cyber power, from one group to the next, as the landscape evolves."

By way of an example, Smith points to the way that K-pop Stans flooded the Dallas Police Department iWatch Dallas app during the George Floyd protests. The app, which enabled citizens to report on protestor activity, was bombarded with video clips of K-pop artists. "Anonymous used to have this type of following and power," Smith says, "I call it a social botnet, where an idea results in a natural flood of traffic."

Charl van der Walt, head of security research at Orange Cyberdefense, has nothing but praise for the Grugq, calling him "a member of a leading corps of thinkers that we should be listening to more carefully." It should come as no surprise that van der Walt echoes the point that failing to "appreciate where and how the cyber landscape is different to traditional domains of conflict," is something that needs to be overcome.

By forcing our understanding of this landscape into preconceived frameworks, he says, we see cyberwar through a lens of understanding previous wars. "One effect of this is that we will overestimate the significance of familiar elements like hacking tools and other cyber weapons," van der Walt continues, "while underestimating other elements like the idea of soft power and the incredible influence that a networked construct like social media can bring to bear."

The soft power of social media influence can make hard impacts

This soft power can have hard impacts, as Boris Cipot, a senior security engineer at Synopsys , explains. "In the case of BTS and their 50 million fans," he says, "I can see them being a cyberthreat. On the one hand, they could be used for marketing purposes, or even used politically."

However, it's when we get to the other hand that the more significant threat emerges, according to Cipot. "One of the biggest threats I see is if bad actors leverage the band's popularity for their personal gain," he says, "a threat actor might share a malicious fandom application, luring fans in. Then, after a few weeks, their devices could be used collectively to launch an attack against a third party; essentially, launching a DDoS attack."

OK, so that's a hypothetical scenario, but scenarios are the key to any threat consideration and manipulation "through recruitment and targeted disinformation," says Morgan Wright, chief security advisor at SentinelOne, "using the fan base to achieve the political objectives of an adversarial nation-state," does not seem such an outrageous scenario hypothesis in the context of threats and risk.

Martin Rudd, CTO at Telesoft Technologies, sees this whole phenomenon as being a representation of information warfare today. "Any well-motivated and reasonably well funded tech-savvy group can exert their own influence in today’s world," he says, "this happens to be K-pop, able to exert their own techno-political influence."

The decentralization of information and power has led to many groups being able to take advantage by way of "influencing elections, Anonymous mounting DDoS attacks using botnets, to the purity of information warfare," Rudd says. "We’re being outplayed," he continues, "they who understand the world and understand how people are getting and digesting data are the ones who are going to win." An argument that applies to all sorts of groups with social media influence, and is certainly not in the sole domain of K-pop it must be said.

Indeed, the whole weaponization of cyberspace argument is not new, as Joe Riggins, a principal security architect at Deep Instinct, reminds us. "What K-pop is doing is bringing it directly upfront and in everyone’s faces. For the most part, K-pop is using their organized social infrastructure that was initially used to fill stadiums with fans, to now support specific political platforms such as social justice," Riggins says. "Just as Anonymous was a hacktivist platform that had members with specific cyber-hacking skills, 'Stan armies' are deploying the same hacktivist initiatives using social media," he concludes.

Thom Langford, an information security analyst at GigaOm, also points out that this is not a new phenomenon. "In the early days of Anonymous, before they became heavily politicized and overtly active," Langford says, "they recruited regular people (housewives, office workers, students, stay at home dads) to carry out the largest DDoS attack at that time. They had no idea what they were doing was highly illegal and disruptive."

There's no great leap of faith required to see how Stans could be mobilized by bad actors while acting in supposed good faith, and it would seem that it's this manipulation potential that the cybersecurity industry is most concerned about when talking in terms of a cyber threat.

“I agree that there is a risk that these fandoms can be mobilized or weaponized by manipulative actors,” a cybersecurity professional and K-pop fan, Vix, says, “ but they are no more susceptible to this than any other naïve young person on the internet, and K-pop Stans are only guilty of being large in number.”

Vix also says that comparing ARMY and K-pop Stans with Anonymous perpetuates ignorant and possibly dangerous ideas about the online fandoms. “The recent media around the threat of K-pop reminds me of the panic that stirred around rock music in the ‘90s when conservatives blamed Marilyn Manson for school shootings,” she says, adding, “I can certainly see why K-pop Stans have piqued the interest of researchers, and they are certainly a social media force to be reckoned with, but comparing them to Anonymous is simply misleading.”

Explaining that K-pop Stans and Anonymous are fundamentally different, “both in skillset and the demographics they represent,” as well as having very different motives, Vix points out that “Anonymous were predominantly white, male internet vigilantes” that sought to disrupt cyber-attacks. “K-pop Stans and ARMY are predominantly female, many from minority ethnic groups, and are more interested in gaming YouTube algorithms to increase music video views than they are with supporting a political agenda,” Vix insists.

So, what about the weaponization of K-pop fancams against the Dallas police that I mentioned earlier? Was this not a hacktivist act with the hallmarks of Anonymous actions? “This was a spontaneous act of activism,” Vix says, “which arose not from a political agenda but from a desire to protect each other from being outed to the police. I think it is important to put it in this context, as the Black Lives Matter movement was close to the heart of many K-pop Stans and ARMY alike.”

“I don’t believe that a couple of spontaneous acts of ‘hacktivism’ and the public flooding of hashtags on Twitter can be compared to the cyber threat of Anonymous,” Vix concludes, “who were purposefully disruptive, defaced websites, hacked emails and launched DDoS attacks for the lulz.”

Who are the potential victims?

However, Jamie Akhtar, CEO and cofounder of CyberSmart, told me that the rise of the Stans has undoubtedly expanded both the range of threat actors and the potential effects of cyber-enabled information warfare. "The pertinent question is," he says, "who are the most likely victims?"

Is this something governments should be concerned about, or 'just' a social media problem? "The reality," Akhtar says, "is this affects us all, and so we all have a part to play." As citizens, we must all take responsibility and educate ourselves on misinformation, report content that is inappropriate and be vigilant when it comes to social engineering, Akhtar tells me. "Collectively we need to create herd immunity against information operations both as individuals and as organizations," he says, "institutions must focus on prevention and deterrence by developing effective means of rapidly detecting the start of indicators that lead to information warfare campaigns and respond with rapid action to prevent digital pandemics from causing chaos."

"K-pop Stans, BTS Army, aren't cyber threats in the normal sense of a malicious act seeking to damage or steal data, or disrupt digital life in general," Kevin Tongs, director of customer success at Flashpoint, says, "they are more the mass mobilization of a unified group of people, using cyber means such as social media, to create influence." In militaristic terms, he insists, these are information operations and not information warfare. Whatever term you apply, though, there seems little doubting that they are already part of the modern threat landscape in the eyes of many security professionals.

"The cyber risks posed by masses of people at one time were known as Anonymous, the hacktivist collective," Chris Grove, technology evangelist at Nozomi Networks, says, "prior to that, internet worms caused masses of people to act in coordination, albeit against their knowledge or consent." At the end of the day, he says, organizations are facing a challenge to keep operations up and running, regardless of who is at the other end of the attack, "be that a cocky hacker, criminal extortion gang, K-pop fans, terrorists, or nation-state actors."

"When groups of people work together to commit the crime of attacking computer systems, they’re no longer music fans," Grove says, "they become criminals at that stage." Grove doesn't, however, expect to see K-pop fans participating in Anonymous-style massive DDoS attacks. "I don’t feel K-pop fans provide anything new to be feared in cybersecurity space," Grove says, "but their social influence and desire to be political is a different story."

Dusting off the old playbook is a great place to start, according to Daniel Smith, a security researcher at Radware. "We can definitely learn from the past," Smith says, "K-pop fans, just like Anonymous, have been engaging in political hacktivism. They operate in cyberspace by weaponizing social media platforms. At the core, the group will engage in mostly legal and naturally flooding of the opposition’s assets or digital presence."

Others might break off in smaller groups to conduct more aggressive operations such as Denial-of-Service attacks, defacements, or information campaigns based off leaked material. "The best way to prepare for political hacktivism activity," Smith advises, "is to monitor not only the threat landscape but also the social climate."

I'll leave the last words to Morgan Wright, chief security advisor at SentinelOne. "I was a senior advisor in the U.S. State Department Antiterrorism Assistance Program, and a senior SME for the U.S. Department of Justice, leading the development of new information and intelligence sharing systems after 9/11," he says.

When, eventually, hearings were held in Congress, and the 9/11 Commission produced a report, one of the critical findings was a failure of imagination according to Wright. "A multitude of biases and limitations on cognitive ability deceive people into thinking they need to collect large amounts of information in order to make a decision and act," Wright says, "keeping up with the threats is much easier today with the amount of companies and government producing threat intelligence."

What remains harder, of course, is the ability to make a decision based on limited information and act. "How do you mitigate a tsunami?" he asks. "Sometimes taking an option that is good enough trumps waiting for the best option to magically appear," Wright says, concluding, "there is no magic answer on how to do this. It depends on so many factors. Organizations need to use elements of the OODA Loop (Observe-Orient-Decide-Act) to remain adaptive and responsive to ever-changing conditions globally.

— Updated September 8 with a rebuttal from a K-pop fan who is also a cybersecurity professionalThe stage is all set. Let's hit it! pic.twitter.com/QZmGbdquiXA perfect day for us would be spent in a cozy coffee shop with a ~chill~ playlist, and just staring out of the window. Even better if it’s spent in the Land of the Morning Calm. But with the current travel restrictions, plus South Korea’s new social distancing guidelines that have affected businesses, all we can do now is dream, and make a list of places to visit for future reference.

If you’re planning to travel to South Korea in the *near future*, include these cafés co-owned by your favorite K-Pop stars (and who knows, you might even spot them there!).

Full-time Super Junior member, full-time café owner. We love everything *‘bout you*, Donghae! Haru & One Day is minimalistic yet oh-so-pretty, and has ample space that will make you feel the most comfortable—just like Donghae’s personality.

As charming as Super Junior’s Yesung is Mouse Rabbit Café, which he co-owns with his brother. The three-story establishment is filled with cute trinkets and art made by the coffee shop, along with Yesung’s photos. Tbh, being here just feels like it’s a *good day for a good day*.

READ MORE: All The Super Junior Members Who Have Launched Their Own YouTube Channels

This is where we want to have a shot of coffee while listening to “Love Shot”! Kamong Café is owned by EXO Kai’s sister, and features a bestselling ice cream waffle with fresh fruits, a favorite among fans. Kai is often seen here, and in case you won’t spot him, you can admire his messages scribbled across cups and other items instead.

READ MORE: EXO's Kai Stars In A Short Film By Gucci, GQ, And Vogue

Aside from being a solo artist and CEO (he has his own own agency named KONNECT Entertainment!), former Wanna One member Kang Daniel also owns a café, located on the first floor of his building. The menu is filled with ~aesthetic~ drinks (like this one named after his album, Cyan), and choosing one (or two!) is entirely up to *2U*.

Owned by JYP Entertainment Founder, Park Jin Young, JYP Soul Cup offers a menu that uses all-organic ingredients, similar to the *exclusive* cafeteria inside the said entertainment agency. The cozy interior and warm staff are one of the cafés highlights, which will really make you *feel special*.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Next month, Big Hit Entertainment will begin its long-awaited initial public offering process. 



There has been plenty of excitement among investors and fans, as the label is home to global sensation BTS and boasts a valuation higher than the combined value of S.M. Entertainment, JYP Entertainment and YG Entertainment, the country’s three major entertainment companies. 



Going public is not an easy step for a company to take, and difficult for many who don’t follow the stock market closely to grasp. We compiled questions that you may have surrounding Big Hit’s IPO and answered them. 



Q. What is an IPO? 



Short for initial public offering, IPO is the process of offering shares of a private company to the public. IPO is a big step for a corporation, as it can raise capital for further business expansion. 



Currently, each of the big three entertainment labels – S.M. JYP and YG – are listed on the nation’s benchmark bourse KOSPI. 



Q. What’s the price of each share? 



Big Hit plans to offer about 7.13 million new shares at a price between 105,000 won ($88) and 135,000 won per share, according to its regulatory filing. 



The share’s final price will be decided on Sept. 28 by the underwriters – NH Investment & Securities, Korea Investment & Securities and JP Morgan (main underwriters) and Mirae Asset Daewoo (joint underwriter) – based on the market’s demand and presubscriptions from institutional investors from Sept. 24 to 25. 



Q. How much will Big Hit be valued after IPO? 



The October IPO is expected to raise between 748.7 billion won and 962.6 billion won and value Big Hit at about 4 trillion won. Some analysts predict it can go up to 4.8 trillion won based on the offering price, which would amount to $4 billion. 



Q. What will the value of chairman Bang’s shares be?



Big Hit founder and chairman Bang Si-hyuk is the largest shareholder of the company with 12,377,337 shares or a 43.44 percent stake in the business. If the offering price sets at the highest 135,000 won per share, his shares will be worth 1.67 trillion won, which surpasses the combined value of stocks owned by seven wealthiest figures in K-pop, including JYP CEO Park Jin-young and S.M. CEO Lee Soo-man.





Q. What about BTS? Do the members own any company’s shares? 



Bang gave 478,695 of his shares to the septet in advance of the IPO, distributing them equally among the members. Each BTS member received 68,385 shares, worth 9.2 billion won based on the highest price range. 



Some analysts predict the stock value could surge after the stock debut, citing the recent upbeat sentiment in the IPO market here. 



Q. Can fans also buy shares? 



Yes, there are two ways that potential retail investors can acquire the label’s stocks.



First, you can put in preorder deposits for a public subscription on Oct. 5 and 6 via the underwriters’ accounts. Make sure to open an account with one of the underwriters -- NH Investment & Securities, Korea Investment & Securities, Mirae Asset Daewoo or Kiwoom Securities. JP Morgan, while a lead underwriter, does not accept retail subscription. 



The preorder deposit will be 50 percent of the subscription size. If you apply for 2,000 shares priced at 135,000 won per each, you would need to put in 135 million won. 



Keep in mind that only 20 percent of the label’s total shares are open to retail investors, so the competition may be fierce. Shareholders will be allocated the number of shares divided by the competition rate. So, if there are 1,000 preorder requests for one share, you will acquire one share only if you applied for 1,000 shares. The rest will be refunded. 



The second option is to buy shares during the local trading time after listing.



Q. Can foreigners also buy the shares? 



Yes, though how early you can purchase them depends on whether you reside in Korea. 



Foreigners who live abroad cannot directly participate in retail subscription. They can purchase shares after the market debut through accounts with their local securities firm. It is advised to open an account beforehand and exchange their currencies to the Korean won, as Big Hit will be listed on the local market. 



Foreigners living here should first open a personal securities firm account. They should visit a nearby brokerage office along with an alien registration card or record of entry to Korea, and a Korean bankbook. Then they can open an account under one of the underwriters and follow the ensuing procedure listed above. 



Q. Is there any age limit? 



No, there is no age restriction. 



Q. What are the benefits of buying Big Hit’s stocks? 



In addition to the satisfaction of supporting your favorite artists, Big Hit also is an attractive investment choice. 



Big Hit’s sales in the first half of this year far exceeded the sales of other entertainment companies, four times higher than that of JYP which performed the best among the three major labels. 



The speed of its growth is also steep. Big Hit recorded 301.4 billion won in sales and 79.9 billion won in profit in 2018, which soared to 587.2 billion won in sales and 98.7 billion won the following year. Despite having to cancel their planned concerts this year, the company’s sales and operating profits surged almost 50 percent and 30 percent, respectively, in the first half of this year, according to its earnings estimates. 



Following the release of BTS’ new single “Dynamite,” the label is expected to reach a revenue of 245.7 billion won based on the band’s previous album, concert, and other IP-related sales, while related exports of consumer goods are expected to be around 371.7 billion won.



Q. What are the potential risks of buying Big Hit shares? 



Some are cautious because of the company’s heavy reliance on a single artist, BTS. 



According to the regulatory filing, sales generated by the septet accounted for 97.4 percent of the company’s sales last year and 87.7 percent in the first half of this year. The fact that compulsory military service awaits the members of the group may augment some investors’ prudence. 



To counter such risks, Big Hit has been diversifying its businesses. It acquired two other agencies, Pledis Entertainment and Source Music, while nurturing and expanding trainees to debut new acts. 





By Kwon Yae-rim (kyr@heraldcorp.com)Keeho from upcoming K-pop group P1Harmony has been caught up in a Twitter racism controversy. His label has denied any wrongdoing.GUWAHATI: 19-year-old Chanchui Khayi from Manipur’s Ukhrul district won the first-ever virtual solo singing competition category at the K-Pop India contest 2020.

The event was organised by the Korean Cultural Centre India in partnership with ‘The Embassy of Republic of Korea’, Korean Tourism Organisation, and sponsered by Korean brands – Samsung, Limese and Innisfree.

This year the K-Pop India Contest took place via online platforms due to the Covid-19 situation and saw an impressive 1,348 participants from across the country in the preliminary round.

The 458 selected winners from the preliminary round then competed in the regional round comprising of 18 cities for the finals.

The competition was held for vocal and dance categories.

Each contestant had to sing a song of their choice and record it in a video. For the finale round, the participants were selected through 50% Google voting and 50% likes received on their videos uploaded on the official Instagram page of Korean Cultural Centre India.

Chanchui performed the song ‘Eight’ by IU Ft Suga, while Vidisenuo performed ‘Can you see my Heart’ by Heize.

Hailing from Manipur’s Teinem village, Chanchui currently pursuing her studies in Delhi.

The winners and runners up in both the categories from India will get a chance to visit South Korea only when the COVID-19 situation improves.

It is to be mentioned that Vidisenuo Belho(20) from Kohima in Nagaland was adjudged first runner-up in the solo singing competition category.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Blessed with a deep voice that can melt the hearts of teenage girls, this multi-talented artiste is currently working on a second duo album with fellow EXO band member, Oh Sehun. Besides being the tallest member of EXO at 185cm, he also boasts the highest number of followers at 22 million.

See also: The 7 Most Popular South Korean Female Celebrities On InstagramPUBG Mobile is adding a new song from K-pop band Blackpink to its lobby. Players can listen to the band’s single “How You Like That” ahead of their upcoming album release. The song will be available in-game from September 24th through October 2nd.

PUBG’s developers are also adding Blackpink-themed items and more to appear in-game. Additionally, players who send the most gifts to the K-pop idols, whose IDs will be revealed on social media, will get rewards from the band. Some outfits, including the Adorable Panda Suit and Killer Cadet Set, will be available permanently to players who win them.

K-pop band BTS recently made its own appearance in Fortnite with their single “Dynamite.”

PUBG Mobile, released in 2018, is one of the world’s most successful games. Analytics firm Sensor Tower estimate that it earned $1.3 billion in revenue last year alone; the game has more than 600 million downloads and over 50 million active players. A $2 million esports tournament is currently planned for November.NiziU is an all-Japanese K-pop group. Some say they shouldn’t be considered K-pop at all.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Nearing the end of our hour-long video call, Erin Duffy's voice begins to tremble. The 26-year-old A.C.E fan from Virginia pauses to take a breath, composing a shaky smile as she anxiously fumbles a chip clip with both hands. "Why am I crying?" she laughs, an attempt to deflect her sudden embarrassment. She taps her finger on the clip, her sage green nails shining in the glow of her dual monitors, one of which is now permanently fixed on a live view count of the K-pop group's music video for their latest single "Favorite Boys." It's jumped more than 4,000 views in the last 30 minutes. Then, she says: "I'm just really proud of them."

The relationship between artists and their fans is a singular phenomenon, but if tended to diligently, with both parties practicing patience and compassion, it's something that can make or break a career. In the three years since making their debut, the five members of A.C.E — Jun, Donghun, Wow, Byeongkwan, and Chan — have cultivated a fandom, known as Choice, that feels like an extension of themselves: a group of colorful, industrious underdogs who constantly challenge each other to work harder, to go further.

"We've built this relationship with them because we want to make them happy, as happy as they make us," rapper and dancer Byeongkwan tells Teen Vogue from a makeshift press room in Seoul, seamlessly switching between Korean and English. While any normal person would be showing early signs of fatigue after a full day of promotions, Byeongkwan is fired up and ready to talk about the group's new EP, HJZM : The Butterfly Phantasy. Oh, and his favorite subject, Choice. "Dancing and singing is our job, and we love it," he says. "But interacting with our fans on social media is special... It's especially important right now when things are still so bad because of the [coronavirus] pandemic. Our dream is to give them energy and cheer them up."

It's a skill Byeongkwan, the group's resident energizer, is well-versed in. Of the members, he's the most active on their official Twitter account. His mention parties, or "menpas," are legendary, and they almost always end in a fight between him and Choice over who loves the other more. (Byeongkwan insists that he's the winner; Choice respectfully disagrees.) "There are rumors that i'll be happier after you notice me," one fan tweets. "Oh I think thats not a rumor," he replies with a heart emoji. To another, he calls "playing with Choice" his "only joy" (with four heart-eyed emojis). And to a fan who asks for a virtual hug, he says, "Come here baby." He adds two more heart emojis. He was once told, "You shine, it’s not a compliment but a fact." Looking at Byeongkwan now, it's true: A Zoom call can hardly contain his blinding aura.

"It's not easy to interact with fans at all times," Byeongkwan says, "but we do [it] because we love it, and we get a lot of joy from talking to them."

"It’s like making new friends every day," main vocalist Donghun adds. He's wearing a black Oasis t-shirt and his chin-length hair is pulled into a half pony-tail, golden tendrils framing his round face. "We can’t reply to everybody because there are so many, but we read through the comments and try our best. They’re showing us the world is a lot bigger than we think. We’re learning every day. And that’s a great thing.”

In front of him, leader Jun sits comfortably in the middle of their two-row formation, his once-blue hair now faded to a steely grey. It matches his demeanor in this moment. Among fans, the vocalist is known as the reaction master. He can be loud (if he wants to), and he can be expressive (when he wants to). He's always in control, a trait he often exercises in practice rooms and recording studios. It's why the members call him their anchor, stable and secure. And why Choice can rely on him, too: Jun wanted to honor that relationship with a special fandom song on the album.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Korean pop group Fanatics. They were doing a live broadcast when a group member behind the camera covered the legs of fellow group members. A man working for their agency challenged her action, and the sound of someone being slapped followed. The agency apologised for his ‘inappropriate’ actions.BT21, the character IP co-created by Line Friends and BTS, has inspired two new ranges of character IPs with ITZY and Treasure. In partnership with both groups, Line Friends will bring fresher takes on its character IP business by maximizing fandom engagement from the initial level of character development.

A global character brand, Line Friends is pushing the boundaries of character IP business by bringing new, unprecedented types of collaboration with global artists.

Line Friends is moving beyond the conventional character business and broadening its horizons. Building upon the BT21 momentum, Line Friends is now ready to bring fresher takes with two rising K-pop supergroups, Itzy and Treasure, by driving fan engagement.

Itzy, a five-member girl group from JYP Entertainment who debuted in 2019, is creating its own unique characters embodying the identity of “lifelong friends,” from drawing sketches to detailing the characteristics, preferences and values. Midzy, the fandom, is joining the journey toward this character IP development, given the opportunities to share creative ideas on their social media platforms.

For Treasure, a 12-member rookie boy band from YG Entertainment, Line Friends will bring into play interactive gaming factors from the initial stage of the character development. With the support of Treasure Maker, the fandom, Treasure members will be completing gaming quests to design the appearance, personality and capability of their unique characters.

The full making process of Itzy and Treasure characters can be viewed at Line Friend’s official YouTube channel.Have you ever heard a song and found the beats vaguely familiar? Maybe because they were lifted right off other hits. Here are some Bollywood songs that K-pop lovers instantly recognised as their favourites.

This 2017 song was sung by Harshdeep Kaur, Arijit Singh, and features Shah Rukh Khan and Mahira Khan in the video. The song does have Pritam's name attached to it, so there's no surprise that it is a blatant copy of the 2014 Korean song Eyes, Nose, Lips by Taeyang.

If you and your girl gang found yourselves jamming to this song then sorry to break it to you, but there is absolutely nothing original about it. Not only is the entire first minute of the song an exact rip-off, they decided to copy from a K-Pop band that is popular enough for people to recognise. This 2018 song is (albeit good) copy of the 2014 song Girls Girls Girls by GOT7.

Back in 2012, everyone was obsessed with this Atif Aslam song composed by Pritam, it was perfect love song. Maybe because it was a tried and tested hit called Sarang Hae Yo by Kim Hyung Sup. The song was a part of the hit drama, Sassy Girl Chun-hyang, also known as Delightful Girl.

The Original - Sarang Hae Yo by Kim Hyung Sup

Another Pritam song? Damn. If you loved the beats at the beginning of this song. Then you'll love the original that it was ripped off from - My Lecon by JTL. However, many speculate that the Korean song was also inspired by the Russian song Ozero slyoz by Potap and Nastya. But truth be told, the similarities between My Lecon and Bhool Bhulaiyan are too stark to be a coincidence.

The Original - My Lecon by JTL

Raftaar's 2018 song for Manto gathered a lot of criticism for copying BTS' RM. In Mantoiyat, Raftaar raps about social issues and so does RM in his 2015 song, Do You. Paired with the similarities in the video, people were quick to make the connection between the two songs. Raftaar did issue an official apology for the similarities between the two songs.

The Original - Do You by RM

6. The Copy - Baatein Kuch Ankahee from Life In A... Metro

The beautiful interlude that we all loved in this song by Pritam, is actually lifted directly from the Korean song, Ah reum da oon sa ram. The original was a part of the original sound track for the 2005 drama, My Lovely Sam Soon which starred our Crash Landing On You favourite, Hyun Bin in the lead role.

The Original - Ahreum Dareum Saram from My Lovely Sam Soon

Which one surprised you the most?Dynamite is the latest English-language single from the band, which was released in August. The song quickly became YouTube's most-viewed music video in its first 24 hours of going live, with 384 million views.

The video that will premier in Fortnite will be a new choreographed version of Dynamite and it will be going live this week inside Fortnite's Party Royale mode.

Additionally, starting September 23, players can purchase a bundle with two emotes choreographed after BTS. These new moves will let players bring some BTS style to the premiere or anywhere in Fortnite and will cost 800-V-Bucks.

Epic Games lists the event as starting on Friday at 8pm EDT, which means it will begin the early hours of Saturday morning for us in the UK.

How to watch the event in Party Royale

In case you're new to Fortnite, you'll be able to find Party Royale from the lobby screen.

This mode removes all weapons and instead of battling it out with other players, this is a space to chill out and hang with friends.

From the lobby screen, you can access Party Royale by pressing the 'Change' box in the bottom right corner.

Doing so will bring up a list of available modes, from this list you'll want to select Party Royale mode and press accept.

Once you do this, you'll be back in the lobby screen and you can invite some friends along to your squad, then ready up and press play to drop in.

The performance will be taking place at the Main Stage, which you can find using the map below.

Considering how popular BTS is, you might want to make sure you log in early enough to grab a space in case the servers fill up.

It doesn't look like this will be a proper performance like the Travis Scott Astronomical event or the recent Spotlight events, but instead will be all about the new music video being shown.

BTS became the first K-pop group to win a Billboard Music Award, and their album 'Love Yourself: Tear' topped the US charts this June, again making them the first K-pop band to do so.As K-pop continues to make waves in the global entertainment scene, Indonesia is home to many of the genre's biggest fans, at least according to Twitter.

Teaming up with fandom data observatory K-Pop Radar, Twitter's latest findings about K-pop conversation in 20 countries suggested that Indonesia was among the top three countries with the largest volume of K-pop tweets between July 1, 2019 and June 30, right behind Thailand and South Korea in first and second spot, respectively.

Indonesia was also placed fourth of the top-20 markets by unique voices on Twitter, which saw the United States, Japan and South Korea secure positions one to three.

K-pop sensation BTS is said to be the most-talked-about South Korean artists in Indonesia, followed by SM Entertainment’s boyband EXO and JYP Entertainment’s boyband GOT7, girl band BLACKPINK and boy band NCT 127.

However, the most-mentioned K-pop song in Indonesia was not by BTS, but instead EXO’s 2019 single “Obsession”. The rest of the top-five list is dominated by BTS, namely “ON”, “BoyWithLuv”, “BlackSwan” and “Shadow”.

Stray Kids was named the most-mentioned rising K-pop group in Indonesia, followed by eight-member boyband Ateez, TXT, IZ*ONE and SuperM.

Despite the pandemic, which has canceled or postponed many K-pop concerts, tours and fan meetings, Twitter’s head of K-pop global partnerships Kim Yeon Jeong said in a statement that conversations on the platform regarding the genre showed no sign of decrease. “K-pop supporters continue to connect with one another and share excitement on Twitter, such as rooting for their favorite artist launching a new song, or donating to support a certain issue in a country." (wir/kes)NCT 2020, a new project K-pop band from SM Entertainment, will drop the first of the group's two-part debut studio album next month, according to the company Tuesday.



The boy band with a massive lineup of 23 members will release "NCT 2020: Resonance Pt. 1" on Oct. 12, according to SM. 



NCT 2020 is an umbrella team that brings together members from pre-existing teams under SM's "NCT" brand -- NCT 127, NCT Dream, WayV and an upcoming NCT-branded act that has yet to officially debut.



"Pt. 1" will comprise 12 songs, including the double lead tracks "Make A Wish" and "From Home" 



NCT, or Neo Culture Technology, is SM's international idol group project that emphasizes expandability, flexibility and modularity in lineup and music. 



Envisioned by SM founder Lee Soo-man, NCT was launched in 2016 with the aim of producing an endless number of international boy bands under the NCT umbrella based in major cities around the world. (Yonhap)YouTube will debut “KCON:TACT All-Access,” the first docuseries taking fans behind the scenes of a KCON K-pop festival, next month.

The YouTube Originals docuseries follows the production of KCON:TACT 2020 Summer, the virtual K-pop festival that took place in June after KCON canceled its in-person events this year because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Over 14 episodes, it delves into how artists, producers and show organizers worked to put on the marathon, weeklong online festival, which included live concerts and dozens of meet-and-greets with more than 30 top K-pop artists participating.

Artists featured in “KCON:TACT All-Access” include Ateez, Loona, AB6IX, IZ*ONE, Astro, The Boyz, Oh My Girl, Pentagon, Chung Ha, Natty and Cravity. YouTube says the docuseries will feature previously unaired footage and interviews with K-pop stars.

The series will be available worldwide starting Oct. 2 (at 11 p.m. KST / 7 a.m. PT) for free on the YouTube channels Mnet KPOP and KCON Official. Subtitles in seven languages including English, Japanese, and Spanish will be available for the entire series. All 14 episodes will be available on Oct. 2 for YouTube Premium subscribers.

“KCON:TACT All-Access” was produced with CJ ENM, the Seoul-based company whose entertainment division produces KCON each year.

“We are thrilled to partner with YouTube to bring this behind-the-scenes look at KCON:TACT, an event we all worked so hard to deliver to the fans,” said Hyun Kim, CJ ENM’s head of music concert and festival. “We are constantly searching for more ways to provide premium content to our fans and we hope they enjoy this peek behind the curtain.”

Added YouTube Originals manager Kohta Asakura, “In a time of social distancing, we hope this series gives artists and fans an opportunity to connect on a deeper level by seeing firsthand how the inspiring performances were brought to life. Many tears were shed – and not just by fans!”

KCON:TACT 2020 Summer, which streamed around the clock for seven days from June 20-26, drew more than 4 million viewers from more than 150 countries. The production used augmented reality and mixed reality technology to show performers on virtual stages and to power features like interactive “fan walls.”

KCON has announced its next virtual event, KCON:TACT 2020 Season 2, will take place Oct. 16-25, 2020, and will be streaming on YouTube.

CJ ENM touts KCON USA as the largest fan festival in North America celebrating Korean culture and music. The convention launched in 2012 with over 10,000 attendees and has more than doubled annually since to over 158,000 fans at the 2019 KCON events in L.A. and New York, according to the company.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.Imphal: A 19-year-old girl Chanchui Khayi from Ukhrul district in Manipur won the first-ever virtual solo singing competition category at the K-Pop India contest 202 as part of Changwon K-Pop World Festival.

The first runner-up title in the solo singing competition was given to Vidisenuo Belho, a 20-year-old girl from Nagaland.

The annual event was organised by the Korean Cultural Center India (KCCI) and sponsored by Korean brands like Samsung, Limese and Innisfree.

There are indubitably huge K-Pop lovers in India and the Korean culture has widening its popularity, especially in northeast region garnering huge fans among the youngsters.

Hailing from Teinem village and currently pursuing her studies in Delhi, Chanchui competed with over 1300 applicants from across 18 cities in the country. The competition was held for vocal and dance categories.While A.C.E fans know the interconnected story linking the K-pop boy band’s different music videos, their latest release is also rooted in rich Korean history.

For their most ambitious project to date, A.C.E’s bombastic new single “Favorite Boys” and its accompanying HJZM : The Butterfly Phantasy album create a sonic and visual experience that the band says looks to honor both aspects of Korea today and Asian culture at large.

With juxtapositions that could only work in the K-pop world, the guys deliver raging hip-hop, rock and pop alongside elements of folklore, sport and philosophy. There’s the layering of Guns N’ Roses T-shirts with the robe-like hanbok clothing that represents Korea's long-standing Chosun dynasty. Plus, choreography that is equal parts show-stopper shuffling and a play on folk wrestling known as ssireum. “Favorite Boys” looks to honor both the past and the present, all while creating something to push A.C.E as leader to K-pop’s future.

While Butterfly Phantasy has already delivered the band’s best first-week album sales and local award-show nominations, the rising quintet has done something more important by commanding the competitive K-pop spotlight and deliver something that is both artistically personal and universally compelling—a stark difference from last year when local media deemed them "just glad" for any attention.

The members themselves speak with pride not only in the physical transformations they made despite coronavirus concerns (the group’s English speaker Byeongkwan cheekily mentions “a lot more of our muscles” in the album artwork), but also excitedly of their creative team who came up with the traditional-meets-modern looks and of one another (Byeongkwan also can’t help but excitedly interrupt to help hype up members Jun and Chan when they’re explaining their underwater photoshoot that collectively wowed the K-pop fandom).

Read on for more from Jun, Donghun, Byeongkwan, Wow and Chan unraveling the different layers of their new album, the meanings behind different Korean cultural elements and why they say their relationship with their fans—known affectionately as Choice—has “become different.”

Jeff Benjamin: Congratulations on this new comeback! I've been so excited for this album and this feels like a really big moment. What’s been going through your minds during this release?

Byeongkwan: Because of our pandemic situation, we’re not able to go anywhere except to our practice room, our house or the gym. Because this concept required us to work out our bodies—you might have seen a lot more of our muscles and our bodies in the initial pictures—we were focusing on our vocals, dance practicing, as well as working out. We’re really nervous because it's been almost ten months since our previous comeback, but excited to show our performance to our fans, Choice. Since we put so much effort and time into preparing, we have to win. We feel that pressure.

Chan: We want to show a different concept and choreographies every album. We have been preparing for this album from May until now and, this time, we’re really ready to show what we’ve prepared. We want to meet the fans face-to-face, of course, but we feel lots of pressure because fans waited for us so long and we want to make it deserving of waiting.

Jeff Benjamin: “Favorite Boys” is really powerful and impressive as a lead single. Why was it the right song to choose as your single for this big comeback?

Byeongkwan: Actually, there were two songs that were competing between being chosen for the title track [single]. There was “Baby Tonight,” which fits more of a sexy and dreamy concept and we loved it, while “Favorite Boys” was more powerful and up-tempo. But after a long discussion, we felt like “Favorite Boys" suits us more. A.C.E is known for their really strong choreography and strong beats whereas “Baby Tonight” is more easy-listening. “Favorite Boys” more so shows A.C.E really does: strong sound and dance.

Jeff Benjamin: I've been so impressed by the visuals you've shown in your teaser photos and videos, I love the historical and traditional Korean elements in them. Can you explain some of the different visual aspects?

Jun: Since the title song’s title is “Goblin” in Korean, we had to really go with strong colors rather than something like pastels. It’s very vivid.

Byeongkwan: Do you know Korean traditional wrestling ssireum? In Korean fairy tales, traditional goblins like to wrestle with humans. Using that, our choreographer found a way for us to use traditional Korean wrestling in our choreography. That’s a really exciting thing. I think every culture has a different concept of goblins, but in Korean they don’t have horns, they’re not a monster figure, a Korean goblin is more human. They’re fine to be around and hang out with humans, it’s more friendly. We bring that idea out on stage.

Chan: And for people from western countries, it might be hard to figure out what’s unique about Korean traditional elements when it comes to fashion. You might tend to think about Chinese or Japanese outfits when thinking about Asia. But we wanted to make the accessories, the details, all the extra elements to be authentically Korean among Asian traditional elements. In the music video, that's seen with jade rings, ornaments and the hair bands with our hanbok outfits.

Jeff Benjamin: Yes! The fashion is really cool, I feel like you did a mix of traditional and modern when you wear the hanbok over your streetwear. I haven't seen that before.

Byeongkwan: It’s really unique! Our stylist team is very open-minded, they try very hard and think a lot. You know we've tried a lot of fashions since the “Cactus” era, we’ve worn hot pants, crop tops, short shorts…all the credit goes to the stylist team and the staff first. They work very hard to bring the concepts and we’ve been in very long discussions for what to bring for this comeback so we're really proud of the stylist team. But we’re in the K-pop scene, we can’t go with only a traditional look, it’s got to be modern. And we ended up somewhere in between and think we found some really good points between the two. It came out really nice and we’re happy.

Donghun: It’s also not easy to dance in hanbok, but at the same time we want to show the unique movements in these traditional outfits.

Jeff Benjamin: An element that really caught my eye—and I think all of the K-pop community’s eye—was the underwater teaser photos with Jun and Chan. Was it really taken underwater?

Byeongkwan: They were almost two meters [six-and-a-half feet] underwater!

Jeff Benjamin: How did you do it?

Chan: It was our first experience being underwater that long. Just to be in the water tanks, sometimes it’s very scary but we were really confident that if we do it in the right way the outcome will be really good. We really tried hard to make it look good. We were shooting in the studio for two days and, after getting ready with makeup and outfits, went to shoot in the water for six hours—

Chan: Every time we dived in the water, we had to hold our breath for 30 seconds to one minute. We swallowed a lot of water—through our nose and mouth—it was tiring and a challenge, but at the same time a pleasant experience.

Jeff Benjamin: Are there other important symbols or visuals in the music video?

Byeongkwan: So, I was that member who threw the dice and when we throw dice, all we think we need is luck. But you can throw again and again. If things go wrong, we can do it again. And the dice have a really important meaning for A.C.E so I'll just tell fans to watch carefully for what character I am. [Laughs]

Chan: He’s the key member! Keep your eye on him.

Byeongkwan: It’s a new game, it’s a new era, he can decide whatever he wants to do in terms of being himself. But I've been more of the villain character since the “Savage” video and this now continues our cinematic story.

Jeff Benjamin: While the album has powerful songs, I'm also really impressed by the softer tracks “Stand by You,” and especially “Clover” that Jun and Wow wrote. What inspired these tracks?

Jun: First of all, I just wanted to write a good song—just a good song. There was a contest between members to make a fan song through V Live. The fans voted and I got the most votes! And the company chose “Clover” as a fan song for this album, but once it got chosen I developed it a lot more when it came to the lyrics and a trendy production over time. I put in a lot of work.

Wow: And after Jun wrote the whole song, he left a section for the rap parts for me so I could be part of it and write my own lyrics. He's a smart leader.

Jeff Benjamin: A big part of A.C.E.'s story is the busking and outdoor street performances. Has the current situation with coronavirus greatly affected the busking scene in Korea?

Byeongkwan: Yeah, it's definitely changed. I think when the second wave came [to Korea], there were very few people in Hongdae [a popular area in Seoul to watch street performers]. We weren't even able to go to restaurants from 9 p.m. until 5 a.m., so during that time no one can really see people dance on the streets.

Donghun: It's very sad that people are not on the streets which means obviously fewer groups on the streets. Actually, we bumped into [popular Korean street-performance team] Diana three weeks ago. Before that, we rented out a movie theater to show our Ace Road reality show with a few fans, went to a restaurant and then showed them Diana.

Jeff Benjamin: A.C.E is also really known for their great vocal and music covers with some surprising and great songs. I'm also curious who you're listening to these days or what artists you might like to give a shoutout to?

Byeongkwan: I covered “Con Calma” by Daddy Yankee and Snow. I really enjoy that song. Latin music is very trendy in America, but it’s still quite new here in Korea. But we listen to it and it inspires us to do covers. So, as the music is growing, I want to tell him that we’d like to do a collaboration or something fun together. We’re here!

Jun: Each member has different tastes, but we all love Lewis Capaldi, Harry Styles, those strong ballad singers. But also BTS’ “Dynamite,” the disco feeling that it gives you is everything.

Byeongkwan: As a group, we’re also really into “12:45” by Etham.

Jeff Benjamin: Due to the situation, it’s difficult to meet with fans. How are you connecting with Choice even if you can't meet in person? Are there any words you want to share with them now?

Chan: It’s the time of our comeback so we are naturally communicating with them more and showing them more contents on social media. But at the same time, we’re going to try to post more photos, more videos and be on V Live more often than before in a way to give more of ourselves. We are preparing a concert too, on October 10, and that’s going to be a gift. It’s our job to share our content and show ourselves, but we see this concert as a gift and we’ve been preparing for it since last month.

Wow: Even though “Stand by You” was our last single, I feel like it still gives comfort. The Korean title translates to “Write a Letter” and we take that to mean you could write to yourself, knowing what’s difficult and hard these days, in an effort to know yourself more. That’s how we can all be better.

Byeongkwan: I want to add that we really love Choice. We really want them to stay safe, but we also really can’t wait to see them in person. We’d really like to see you too in person, Jeff, and take a selfie and have a good time. [Laughs] But we feel like our relationship with Choice has recently become different, it’s become deeper and deeper. We see and we feel the support that they’re trying to do for us for this comeback. It’s amazing to see. We hope everyone stays safe, doesn’t get sick, wears masks—we won’t let you down. And we also hope that not only Choice, but also all the K-pop fans out there enjoy our new album.Seungkwan of Seventeen looked back on the good old days, chronicling K-pop history for three hours.“It’s been a couple of months ... since I went down memory lane listening to songs with you,” he said. Wonder Girls’ “So Hot” was playing, and he began turning the volume up and down “like a DJ.”“I want to do this properly today as I want to be able to empathize with more of you,” he said, explaining his choice of songs. As they were looking back, he would lean toward the period around 2008 when there were so many hit songs, said the musician, assuring fans that they would have plenty of time to listen.For the next track, he posed a challenge -- playing a song for only one second and promising to play the whole thing if viewers could guess the title. His eyes went wide when a viewer got it -- Super Junior’s “It’s You.”“Maybe you and I should have a contest,” he said with a smile.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211988.Taeyong of NCT 127 was emotional as he checked in with fans via Naver’s V Live late at night.He first thanked the fans for waiting to see him on the channel and for understanding why he couldn’t do it sooner.“Livestreaming on V Live for me is like keeping a diary that comes with videos. ... In the distant future, even when I am not an entertainer anymore, it would be nice to replay these,” he mused.It was awkward to talk alone after such a long while and he couldn’t force himself to do very much, confided the idol. He’d been busy shooting a variety of content, for sure, but it wasn’t easy to get fully into work mode.“Because I still am young and immature ... but at the same time that means that I still have room to grow,” he went on. “I think the time has come to move on to the next phase.”Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211991.Jisung of NCT Dream chatted with fans in a “voice-only” livestream that featured a special guest.“It’s been almost 20 days ... I’m a little nervous after such (a long) while,” he said, adding that someone from the subunit would join him later.“Don’t get too excited! He’s just someone who lives with me,” he said anxiously.The idol assured fans that he was eating well these days -- “I just had pork wrap with Jeno and Renjun” -- but admitted that for some reason he’d lost weight.Haechan had called him just before and asked if he wanted to play games, but he’d had to turn down the offer because he was planning to livestream.Jisung was joined by Jeno, and the two lamented that it had been so long since they’d performed onstage.“I haven’t danced in two months,” Jisung muttered, and Jeno said he’d probably forgotten the concert version of their performance.Listen to the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211909.Four members of The Boyz who were all born in 1998 -- Jooyeon, Kevin, Q, New -- had cakes together on Sept. 8 to mark the occasion.They’d planned a livestream together but wanted to save it for a surprise. But Q had already started broadcasting live on his own, and after about two hours he’d been baffled when viewers asked him to come over to V Live to join the other three.Helping themselves to the cake, they burst into laughter as Juyeon made sounds with each mouthful. New told him to stop it, telling fans that Juyeon had a habit of doing that, but with a seeming lack of enthusiasm.“You don’t want to sound too eager,” protested Juyeon, and their conversation veered to how they often have to film scenes again due to incidents. The most unforgettable moment was when Sangyeon’s shoe flew off in the middle of a live session, they all agreed.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211975.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=As more and more K-pop groups create backstories and universes of their own, FNC Entertainment’s newest K-pop group, P1Harmony, is debuting in a sci-fi movie starring the six band members.

The 99-minute movie, P1H: The Beginning of a New World, by director Yoon Hong-seung, who also goes by “Director Chang”, shows the P1Harmony universe and how each member of P1Harmony finds his own superpower that can help save the world from a deadly virus. The movie will come to screens Oct. 8, while P1Harmony will debut later in the month.

“Idols having a universe of their own is nothing new,” said Director Chang at an online press conference Tuesday. “Through the movie, we wanted to show an evolved form of idols that uses acting to show their musical universe rather than using just dancing and singing.”

The project was not initially planned as a movie -- the original plan was to show it through OTT channels or on YouTube as a shorter series. But with the final edited version being close to 100 minutes and with an offer from Lotte Cinema to screen it, a cinematic release was decided upon.

This is the first time that a universe of a K-pop group has been made into a full movie. None of the members of P1Harmony had previous acting experience, and they had to learn from scratch.

“Despite us acting for the first time, I hope many people look forward to the movie as we prepared it diligently,” said P1Harmony’s Jiung.

Three songs from the movie sung by P1Harmony members will be released before their official debut song.

If the new idol group doesn’t hold viewers’ interest, the appearances by many actors and celebrities from FNC Entertainment might.

Veteran actors Jeong Jin-yeong, Choi Yeo-jin, Jo Jae-yoon and Lee Chae-yun appear in the movie along with K-pop group AOA’s Seolhyun and CNBLUE’s Jung Yong-hwa. Actor Jung Hae-in and entertainer Yoo Jae-seok have cameo roles.

“The movie is about the six of us uniting together as one to fight the virus and regain peace. We want to send this positive message to the people suffering right now with our music and this project,” said P1Harmony’s Keeho.K Pop fans are notoriously obsessed with the boys and girls bands. A band that reigns supreme among these pop icons is BTS, with their fans now turning to place bets for the hottest item: the stock market.Lee Sung-su, CEO of SM Entertainment, said on Friday that K-pop was able to become a global cultural phenomenon, partly because of SM founder and now producer Lee Soo-man's forward thinking, timely strategy and global network.

 In a keynote speech to the global music market event MU:CON Online 2020, Lee said SM founder Lee Soo-man introduced the concept of "culture technology" back in the late 1990s as part of his vision to take K-pop to the global stage. 

 "Since then, it has become K-pop's engine for growth," he said during the four-day event hosted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism in collaboration of Korea Creative Content Agency (KOCCA) which will wrap up on Saturday.

 According to the SM CEO, K-pop's culture technology is a three-staged strategy.

 "It first begins with culture creation," he said. "Culture creation is about talent search, training of aspiring singers and producing of music. In SM, for example, we find talented singers through various kinds of auditions and sign contracts with only a selected few. Then they become our trainees and prepare for their debuts for several years under our systematic program. Training periods differ, depending on artists. Some debut after only one or two years of training but some undergo seven to eight years of training before they debut. During those periods, they hone their singing skill, choreography, acting and even behavior."

 Once SM artists make their debut, SM's management begins. According to Lee, SM has a network of some 2,000 composers all around the world and constantly communicates with them to produce music fitting for each artist. 

 Lee said the second stage is about culture development. 

 "In this stage, SM and our artists begin to earn profits," he said. He cited BoA, Super Junior and TVXQ as some of the most successful SM acts.

 In the last stage called expansion, Lee said the success of K-pop has a trickle-down effect on other industries. Their success begins in music but their influence expands to mobile app streaming services, tourism and even game industries, he said. 

 SM Classics is the project that shows K-pop's expansion. According to Lee, SM Classics is much more than a combination of K-pop and classical music. SM aims to create new cultural content through SM Classics, he said. 

 The SM CEO said K-pop's experimentation will be continued and the agency will keep trying new projects and music. 

 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, MU:Con 2020 has been held online. The annual event took place amid the Korean wave prospering despite the pandemic.SEOUL — With a mere estimate of the market value of Big Hit Entertainment, the label behind BTS, reaching nearly 4.6 trillion won ($3.97 billion), eyes are on the seven-member boy band that generates most of the company’s revenue.

The K-pop agency is scheduled to make its market debut on South Korea’s main bourse, Kospi, in October, offering 7.13 million shares at a price between 105,000 won and 135,000 won per share. Its market capitalization is anticipated to reach nearly 4.57 trillion won, according to experts.

Some market observers, however, warn that the company’s heavy reliance on BTS could pose a big risk as all its members are required to enlist in the military, which would force the band to suspend its activities.

According to the recent regulatory filing for Big Hit’s IPO, the entertainment agency posted 294 billion won in sales in the first half of this year. Of that amount, earnings related to BTS accounted for 87.7 percent, showing just how much the firm depends on the K-pop boy band.

But Big Hit was even more dependent on BTS a year earlier, with the figure standing at 97.4 percent, before the company acquired its smaller rival Pledis Entertainment in June.

Nevertheless, since BTS is still the dominant force behind the agency, market watchers estimate the market value of each band member at 520 billion won ($447 million). Combined, the band’s market value may surpass that of Argentine soccer player Lionel Messi, the highest-paid sports star in the world. Messi’s value in the transfer market is estimated at 700 million euros ($830.13 million).

“Big Hit wants to become an integrated content firm, but if the firm pushes the IPO (at a price between 105,000 won and 135,000 won per share), its value will most likely plunge after its listing,” a market expert said on condition of anonymity. If any band member were to join the military, the firm’s sales would plummet, the person added.

Under the current law, all able-bodied South Korean men are obliged to serve in the military for 18 to 22 months. The band’s eldest member, Jin, whose legal name is Kim Seok-jin, has to start military service before the end of next year unless the law is revised to grant military exemptions to outstanding pop music artists.

While Kim can still delay his military service for another year, Big Hit admitted that its profits and business growth may be negatively impacted if the boy band has to temporarily go on hiatus due to variables such as a member’s military enlistment.

Even with one member absent, Meritz Securities analyst Lee Hyo-jin said, Big Hit would still be able to create profit by having the remaining band members do solo or unit activities starting in 2022, mentioning how absences were handled in the cases of K-pop sensations EXO and SHINee.

Meanwhile, Big Hit’s book-building targeting institutional investors is to take place Thursday and Friday to determine the exact share price. Subscriptions will be accepted Oct. 5-6 with NH Investment & Securities, Korea Investment & Securities and JP Morgan serving as the lead underwriters of the IPO. Mirae Asset Daewoo and Kiwoom Securities are also participating as members of the underwriter group.K-pop stars LOONA announced their third EP, [12:00], on Thursday. Member Haseul, however, will sit out the comeback due to health concerns.

The wait is finally over, Orbits. The time has come once again to dive into the ‘midnight festival’ and explore theories in elaborate world-building. K-pop’s rising stars, LOONA, announced the release of their third EP [12:00] (read as ‘midnight’) on Thursday, September 17th.

This will be group’s first release since February’s [#] (read as ‘hash’), which debuted as No. 4 on the Billboard World Albums Chart, marking their best performance till date.

This comeback, however, will also be bittersweet for LOONA’s fans, Orbits. Earlier today, the group’s agency, Blockberry Creative, announced that member Haseul would not be participating in this comeback due to health concerns.

“In January, we made an announcement about Haseul’s health issue,” the company said in a statement. “Haseul has since been receiving sufficient rest and treatment for her health, but she has decided not to participate in the [12:00] comeback promotions because she believes she would need to recover a little more to join these promotions.”

In January’s statement, Blockberry Creative clarified that Haseul would take a break from LOONA’s activities after being diagnosed with “recurring anxiety.” As a result, [#] saw LOONA come back as an 11-member group than the usual 12.

While elaborate world-building among acts is commonplace in K-pop, LOONA took it to the next level through their debut. Over the course of 18 months, each of the group’s members was introduced to the world through elaborate concepts and an album, sparking the viral “Stan LOONA” trend that, frankly, is the best word-of-mouth publicity ever. Seriously, here is “Stan LOONA” on Urban Dictionary.

The delayed gratification, however, worked wonders. The massively anticipated debut was followed by their first appearance in the US in 2017 (within two years of their debut). In 2018, the band was also voted “Best Korean Act” at the MTV Europe Music Awards.The Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA), the K-pop industry's biggest annual year-end music awards show, will be held virtually in South Korea in December with no audience, its organizer said Monday.



CJ ENM, which hosts the annual event, said the 2020 MAMA will be held online on Dec. 6 due to COVID-19. 



The extravagant year-end music show featuring leading K-pop acts has usually been held as a multiday event staged across several venues in Asian countries.



"MAMA has grown throughout the years while constantly innovating itself. We believe this year's contact-less event will also provide a new opportunity to transform the show," a CJ ENM representative said.



Launched in 1999 under the name Mnet Km Music Festival, the event was renamed MAMA in 2009 as the show expanded its outreach throughout Asia. (Yonhap)Members of the popular South Korean "K-Pop" band BTS could each rake in as much as $7.7 million as shareholders when the label that represents them goes public, likely next month.

The band's seven members each received a reported 68,385 common shares as a gift from Big Hit Entertainment CEO Bang Si-hyuk, which could mean they will each get 9.23 billion won of shares (more than $7.7 million) if the IPO is priced as expected. The pricing values Big Hit Entertainment at up to 4.8 trillion won (more than $4 billion).

The gift from Bang, who is also Big Hit's largest shareholder, was meant "to strengthen long-term partnership with major artists and boost morale," according to a regulatory filing by the company.

It's a reminder of just how much the music industry has changed with the advent of streaming and social media, which have allowed artists to control more of their own revenue. However, this type of deal is still "unprecedented," according to Jeff Peretz, a professor at New York University and an expert in music copyright. It's also not something that's been seen in other arenas such as film, pro sports or professional esports.

"This may be the future — but usually it’s the other way around, where artists will create their own labels they have ownership of and then try to get other artists to sign with them and build out," Peretz said.

He noted it's a savvy move on Big Hit's part, especially since BTS has reached international popularity. Just last week, BTS secured South Korea's first-ever number one spot on the U.S. Billboard music chart. It's also only the third group in 50 years to have three number one albums on the Billboard 200 charts in under 12 months. (The Beatles and The Monkees are the other two bands.)

BTS is also a major moneymaker for Big Hit, responsible for more than 87 percent of its revenue in the first half of 2020 and more than 97 percent in the first half of 2019.

"Corporate entities in the industry are trying to lock down any potential revenue streams in ways in which they never have in the past," Peretz said. "If BTS is the main revenue stream, it makes sense to make them partners and never run the risk of them leaving for another label when their deal is up."

Peretz said the move, while unique, brought to mind Bowie bonds, which were first issued in 1997. Artist David Bowie was able to raise $55 million from investors with the promise of income from his back catalog of 25 albums. Investing in an artist's catalog is similar to investing in stock in that the value can fluctuate over time, Peretz said.

There are also instances where management companies and record labels have done joint ventures with artists, which represents an implicit investment, said Errol Kolosine, a music manager and professor at NYU. He also said there have been instances where some companies experiment with profit sharing deals, but he noted that giving away shares in a public company is rare if not unheard of.

"It is unique to the world of sports and music the level to which one individual or two can completely alter the success of a franchise or company — but rarely do they get equity," Kolosine said.

He noted that the relationship could have interesting ramifications for both BTS and Big Hit. While the deal will give the members some say, none of them are being given a controlling stake in the company, so their level of input might not be that different from how much say they have had — even as a major revenue generator for the company.

"If you are responsible for that much profit, you already likely have some say, so the deal could raise conflicts of interest over time. But it also produces opportunities," Kolosine said. "For instance, if you’re used to being king of the castle and then another artist starts getting attention, it can be frustrating. But if you have ownership in the company, the success of another artist is your success. It almost creates a family."

Kolosine noted it also raises questions about whether Big Hit will use this model to attract other already established artists. He said it could also lead to greater change in the music industry, which is already seeing a lot of money moving around at the moment.

Of the three major labels, Warner Music Group went public in June, Universal Music Group is reportedly planning an IPO within the next three years and Sony Music is owned by the publicly traded Sony Corporation. The relationship BTS has with its label could possibly spawn similar deals among artists at the top three labels.

While granting stock is not yet a trend, it’s also interesting to Peretz, given that some starting artists don’t have to rely on labels the way they used to.

“Many artists these days are shirking major labels. It used to be the end goal to try to sign with a label,” Peretz said. “Now it’s about having a hand in every possible cookie jar, whether it’s the business side or creative.”A figure stands heavy on a floor patterned with swirling lava. Behind him floats a white, unclear formation of soft pillowy textures.

As the camera zooms in on his face, specks of burning ember circle up around him. Shots later, a blue and red title screen; ‘Taemin – Criminal – Never Gonna Dance Again, Act 1.’

A week ago, on September 7, South Korean idol Lee Taemin, simply known as Taemin, released his fourth solo album. Titled ‘Never Gonna Dance Again, Act 1’, it is the first of a two-part musical narrative. The release date for Act 2 hasn’t been announced just yet.

Taemin, who has been in the K-pop industry for over ten years, debuted at age 15 as the youngest member of the group SHINee. In an interview with W Korea, Taemin said,

While he is now a highly respected solo artist, Taemin wasn’t always a well-rounded performer. At his debut, he was perceived as a dancer and given few possibilities to sing.

His vocals weren’t featured on SHINee’s debut track ‘Replay’. When he was given solo lines, other SHINee members would sing with him to support his voice.

“I thought I had to work much harder to improve,” Taemin says in a video by Sellev.

He had daily nosebleeds because of this sleep deprivation. Now, 12 years later and just having released his fourth solo album Never Gonna Dance Again, Act 1, the hard work has certainly paid off.

Opposite to what the album title might suggest, Taemin is not planning to stop dancing anytime soon. Instead, the title signifies him expanding his horizons.

“Through my music, I want to deliver a different catharsis, something that’s very refreshing,” he told TMRW Magazine in an interview. “For example, you can feel catharsis through very upbeat music or by falling in love, but this is a different, unique style of catharsis.”

Simultaneously with this new album, Taemin released a music video for the earlier mentioned title song “Criminal.”

In the song, he sings “it’s painful as much as I can’t breathe but also magnificent” as his hands are tied together by silk and he’s surrounded by red-clad dancers.

Later, Taemin looks into the camera, a restless gloved hand travels through his blue-gray hair as he whispers a demanding “destroy me more” before dropping into the chorus a final time.

The chorus sings of more destruction, leashes, and pain. All supporting his “unique style of catharsis.”

Moving through the album there is a slow, subtle slide from the spicy first track into the very last song, ‘2 Kids’. At first listen, these first and last songs can be considered polar opposites. However, on closer listen, it becomes clear that the songs complement each other.

Taemin goes against the current

Taemin explained to TeenVogue that “Act 1 is about rebelling against the ordinary and the process of finding a new ego.”

Where “Criminal” was a rebellion, “2 Kids” feels like putting yourself back together after a rough night or rougher break-up and rediscovering the self.

The MV for “2 Kids” was released in August and filmed in Paris earlier this year. The video opens with Taemin’s face down on the street as unbothered cars pass behind him.

He rises, as if awakening from a long, tumultuous night, his lip bruised. Where Taemin always surrounded himself with dancers in the “Criminal” MV, in “2 Kids” he is alone.

“Leave me alone, let me be alone” he sings while walking down the Parisian street, dance erupting from his body.

The ending of the MV shows Taemin sitting on the ground as the camera zooms out and away. It’s an ending but not a conclusion as Act 2 will continue the story.

“In the next album, I wanted to show myself rising up,” he said in his ‘Criminal’ MV commentary video. “The current state is when I’m having difficulties and later it’s a happy ending.”

‘Never Gonna Dance Again’ feels like a natural progression for the now 28-year-old artist.

Taemin is known for his duality; his face a 6v6 emoticon when smiling and soft-spoken voice are a sharp contrast to the edgy and often carnal persona in his music.

His previous three solo albums – Press It, Taemin, Move – paved the way for the new sound and vision of Never Gonna Dance Again, Act 1.

Despite this new album and accompanying MVs feeling different from Taemin’s previous work, there are still many familiar elements.

Taemin is dressed in high fashion, including but not limited to pieces by Martin Margiela, Gucci, Dior. He can once again be seen with a smudged brown shadow around his eyes, a continuation of the exploration of androgyny in his hits ‘”Move” and “Want.”

Plus, his well-known (and loved) T-pose makes a short appearance in the ‘Criminal’ MV.

“I have no regrets about taking risks to express and differentiate myself from others as an artist,” Taemin said in a 2019 interview with Allure.

A year later, this mentality definitely hasn’t changed.There’s something festering within K-pop — besides the rampant mistreatment of artists by their companies, which is another discussion entirely — something that could seriously tank an idol group’s reputation on a near-permanent level. That something is cultural appropriation.

In 2020, it’s difficult to not have the genre on one’s radar; K-pop songs usually make it to the top of American music charts and have infiltrated both U.S. radio and media spaces across the board, with frontrunner boy group BTS breaking records as this article is being typed.

International fans admittedly lose out in a variety of ways: South Korea is quite far, and unless your favorite group is marketable in America and their company has enough money to fund a promotion overseas, chances are fairly low that an American fan will have the opportunity to see a group in concert.

But international fans benefit in one very specific way, and that’s being able to know fairly quickly when something is … off.

There’s something festering within K-pop — besides the rampant mistreatment of artists by their companies, which is another discussion entirely — something that could seriously tank an idol group’s reputation on a near-permanent level. That something is cultural appropriation, and it seems to truly affect Korean idols differently than American celebrities.

American celebrities are expected to know better, to have already done their research and to know what styles and sounds are hands-off. In America, to be involved in music today is to understand and know the rules of one’s race — otherwise, you run the risk of being “cancelled,” and for good reason.

Nonblack celebrities in America release apology letters on what is seemingly a biweekly basis for saying the n-word or appropriating select aspects of another culture. The internet is seemingly relentless in its pursuit to locate and “call out” these offenders, but their argument still stands: it’s wrong. It’s wrong for a nonblack person to loc their hair. It’s wrong for a nonblack person to say the n-word. It’s wrong for a nonblack person to wear a du-rag solely because they think it will make them look cooler on stage. It’s wrong for someone not of South Asian descent to utilize the culture’s traditions (henna, mehndi, bindis or Bharatanatyam dance movements) solely because they think it will make their performances more pleasing to the eye. These offenses stereotype and reduce entire groups of people to one singular facet of their lives, but only what is aesthetic, only what they choose to take.

It is purely the bastardization of culture.

And yet it continuously crops up, almost relentlessly as more and more individuals attain fame and platforms. It even begins to feel sickeningly familiar, as you start to notice things quicker, pick up on things faster.

But this “taking” is universal — so why would it be treated so differently in South Korea?

K-pop idols get the distinct privilege of not knowing better. And not for nothing; there is an apparent and distinct lack of understanding of how this form of appropriation can harm. Some aspects of Black or South Asian culture, to them, are easily borrowed for a specific look or vibe for a “comeback” (when a group releases a new single and begins active promotions).

Certain looks and aesthetics therefore become more appealing when looking to stand out against the vast competition. Companies and their stylists look for inspiration from a variety of viral markets and current fashion icons, and more often than not, a group will get through their promotions with few hiccups.

Yet sometimes, seemingly out of nowhere, a performance will feature an idol or their backup dancers in stolen cultural attire, such as du-rags. Hwasa committed not one but both of these offenses, although the latter was announced to have been the fault of her stage director. It might be worth mentioning that Hwasa is the youngest member of RBW Entertainment girl group Mamamoo, who did blackface during a 2017 performance of Bruno Mars’ “Uptown Funk,” and later apologized.

Up and coming JYP Entertainment girl group ITZY even once featured their leader, Yeji, wearing her hair in locs and referring to the style as “swag hair.”

To an American, this arguably exhibits the disconnect quite clearly. Here, there is no understanding of what the hairstyle actually is; to Yeji, locs are simply a byproduct of “swag” culture — something cool, something hip-hop, but something abstract. She doesn’t make the full connection between the hairstyle and Black culture itself. She doesn’t necessarily understand that the hairstyle is not hers to wear.

She has, whether she is aware or not, reduced the culture to nothing, picking and choosing what is most aesthetically pleasing or attractive. She isn’t aware that the very same hairstyle she’s wearing has the very serious potential of costing a Black woman a job because she’s deemed to be “too ethnic.”

Yet what must be highlighted is that ignorance is distinctly different from bad intention.

K-idols have consistently been revealed as ignorant in a variety of ways, even in cases where they were clearly found to be capitalizing off cultures that were not their own.

Kim Namjoon, the leader of aforementioned top group BTS, appropriated Black hairstyles during the group’s “trainee days,” and used to fulfill interviewer requests to “talk Black” as a sort of party trick. Kim, who also works under the moniker “RM,” is fluent in English. Over the years, he has mentioned some American hip hop stars as personal inspiration and collaborated with rapper Wale in 2017.

While it’s worth noting that South Korea has its very own underground rap scene, it would be ignorant to assume that Kim was never influenced by Black rappers, making his “talking Black” segments that much worse. This illustrates the utilization of culture when it is convenient — and here, it was specifically to be humorous. To make a mockery of the way certain people speak.

Kim has since apologized regarding his past lack of respect for Black culture, stating it was “further than a mistake, it was a wrong.”

It’s extremely tiring to see it happen repeatedly: it feels like we simply have no more patience for this type of transgression. But that’s almost solely up to the privilege we have of experiencing waves and waves of inappropriate behavior from ignorant artists.

Fairly recent examples include Gwen Stefani’s “Harajuku Girl” era or Avril Lavigne’s culturally insensitive song and music video “Hello Kitty.” Or Miley Cyrus’ usage of Black aesthetics for a few years of her career for shock value or when it was convenient to her. Even Katy Perry donning Egyptian queen garb and having Black women bow down to her for a music video, or the amount of Kardashians and Jenners who have tanned their skin to a point where they are openly accused of “blackfishing” (or altering one’s appearance in order to “look Black”).

However, this is not just limited to appearances: several idols have assumed parts of an identity that does not belong to them.

These idols include former leader of boy group Block B and current solo artist Zico, who in the song “Bermuda Triangle” featuring Crush & DEAN, states, “We’re the yellow race / But I got a black soul.”

Some fans have written off this phrase as indicative of something pun-like, riffing off skin color, but it implicates a more damaging situation entirely. Americans may be more familiar with immature phrases such as referring to a Black person as an “Oreo” (white “on the inside”) or calling a white person a “reverse Oreo” (Black “on the inside”). These categorizations are in reality more perilous than an ignorant joke — insinuating a Black person is truly “white on the inside” controversially implies they are “acting white,” a term that is directly correlated with the rejection and negation of one’s (Black) culture.

Zico’s possible meaning here is that while he may not look Black, he certainly feels Black “on the inside.” This declaration is yet another that shows how nonblack celebrities can capitalize off using Black culture while actual Black people continue to face some of the harshest racism the world can provide. And Zico, feeling as though you’re Black on the inside does not equate to an “n-word pass” or make doing blackface okay.

This all runs in tandem with the fact that colorism still socially rules the nation. Like many Asian countries like Japan, India and the Philippines, whiter skin is widely coveted, a mindset that was established far back into many of these countries’ histories. Fairer skin was telling of wealth and prosperity, while darker, more tanned skin may have represented that someone labored in the sun for long periods of time.

Most, if not all “selcas” (selfie photos) taken by K-pop idols are photoshopped or run through “Snow,” a Korean mobile application that features skin-lightening filters and augmentation options for editing. Many fans will go so far as to manually edit the skin of their favorite idols to be lighter, whitewashing them and further enforcing this belief that “fairer is better.”

This reinforces that these idols do have a large amount of privilege while still taking from minoritized cultures that may be demonized for what these Korean celebrities are essentially making money off of. Why is it that South Asian culture and tradition is perceived solely by stereotype: a country with “exotic”-looking dances and curry, but when Korean women appropriate Bharatanatyam, it’s suddenly attractive, appealing and aesthetic?

Which leads quite nicely into the “Curry song.”

In 2016, this video was posted to WM Entertainment girl group Oh My Girl’s YouTube channel. In the video, the girls cover a song by Norazo. The song in question, “Curry,” is filled to the brim with negative stereotypes about Indian culture, complete with a music video starring Norazo in brownface and appropriating a dance. For context, the hook of the song is as follows: “Shanti, Shanti, Yoga Fire! I love hot curry.”

For four years now, fans have left comments pleading and vilifying WM Entertainment for leaving the clip up, to no avail. There has been nothing but silence from the company on that front, and Oh My Girl has had similar issues consistently over the years, appropriating several elements of traditional Indian culture.

But this was not the last time that Norazo’s (very popular) song would be the center of attention.

Three members of Pledis Entertainment boy group Seventeen went viral in July of this year for singing the song on two separate recorded occasions.

In this part of their episodic reality-type show, members held a singing contest, similar to the likes of American Idol. When member Wonwoo performs, he briefly begins the hook of “Curry.” Some fans ended up recognizing the song from another one of Seventeen’s videos, a prior vlog where members eat at an Indian restaurant in San Jose. During the meal, two other members, Vernon and Dokyeom, quietly sing the chorus of the offensive song while giggling.

By the end of the day, several hashtags directed at Seventeen’s company were trending on Twitter, as South Asian fans and supporters called for a swift response. Pledis had recently issued a quick fix and apology a few months prior for posting a video containing a clip of American member Joshua sitting on an American flag during an escape room, and fans wanted Pledis to address the current situation accordingly.

But there was no response that day, regardless of the well-constructed fan email templates and trending hashtags. Although even Norazo issued an apology, there was no response from Pledis at all. The company even fully declined to comment at Teen Vogue’s request, as confirmed in this powerful op-ed from a writer and fan.

The silence not only left fans isolated — it completely removed the opportunity for growth; for the members to actually learn why their actions were so harmful. The silence allowed for the clips to remain online, further perpetuating these negative stereotypes.

But it’s not just Yeji’s “swag hair.” It’s not just Zico’s proclamation that he has a “black soul” amid n-word scandals and wrongfully loc’d hair. It’s not even Pledis Entertainment’s refusal to address an issue that hurt a large group of fans, some of whom will never be able to forget this.

These individuals are idols. They are especially revered and loved, and they are very much in the public eye. Further, they have influence, especially on their hordes of younger fans, and they must understand that everything they do and say will be heavily scrutinized and possibly imitated. These idols must do better and be cognizant of who’s watching — but really, who they have the ability to hurt.BTS’ RM, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, Jin and V are all studying postgraduate courses at Hanyang Cyber University, while maknae Jungkook is now attending Global Cyber University – but Taeyang’s Master’s thesis, titled ‘The Influence of BigBang’s 2015 World Tour on the Sustainability of the Korean Wave’, was placed in the National Library of KoreaOn March 1, 2019, Algerians began pouring into the streets for a hirak (Arabic for “movement”) that forced Abdelaziz Bouteflika, president since 1999, to resign five weeks later. A large number of the demonstrators were young — 70 percent of the population is under the age of 30 — and they mobilized social media to make the campaign viral and tackle misinformation. They used placards that encapsulated the frustrations of the millennials while simultaneously highlighting the rise of K-pop in a part of the world with its own, very special musical forms.

The placards used lyrics from BTS (Bangtan Boys), a seven-man group whose popularity has exploded around the world in the last decade as a culmination of hallyu, the Korean wave of soft power that’s been wafting from Seoul since the ’90s. Earlier this year, the band donated $1 million to the Black Lives Matter movement, following in the footsteps of their global fan network that has actively supported political and human rights causes across the world, from police brutality in Chile to racism in the U.S.

In Algeria, the genre has inspired such ardent fandom that young people now dress like K-pop stars and incorporate Korean phrases into their everyday speech. Two years ago, a crowd of young people celebrated the 22nd birthday of BTS vocalist Kim Tae-hyung, singing and waving their phones in the dark. Last year, the BTS Army — as the fanbase calls itself — customized balloons and raised a billboard at a busy mall in Algiers to celebrate the birthday of Park Ji-min, another BTS member. Last year, the South Korean Embassy in Algiers organized a K-pop “world festival” with singing and dancing competitions that it claimed took place in almost 100 countries worldwide.

Fadhela Manar Mezmaz, the 22-year-old spokesperson for the BTS Algeria team, tells OZY that the hallyu wave in the country began around 2008 when Algeria’s national TV started airing Korean TV dramas and series like 대장금 (Jewel in the Palace) and My Lovely Sam Soon. Then came “Gangnam Style,” the 2012 megahit by the quirky rapper Psy.

Jewel in the Palace, a 15th century historical romance about a chef working for the royal family who becomes a beloved physician, was such a hit in Asia that Chinese President Hu Jintao became a fan. “It’s a pity that I cannot watch Daejanggeum [the show’s Korean title] every day because I am so busy,” Jintao is reported to have told his counterpart, Lee Myung-bak, during an August 2018 visit to Seoul.

In North Africa, Mezmaz says, “it resulted in piquing interest in Korean culture in general, and eventually people got introduced to K-pop music.” These days, networks like state-owned Arirang TV and KBS World that broadcast from Seoul to an overseas audience are a common fixture on TV stations in Algiers. More Algerians are also curious about Korean hairstyles, fashion, food, makeup and beauty standards.

“There’s a demand for language schools with Korean courses,” says Mezmaz. “The fans want to cross the language barrier with their artists and be able to easily communicate and support them. Nowadays, it’s common to find someone with Korean added to their résumé.”

The youngsters have also tapped into the global fanbase, supporting K-pop ’stans — as obsessive fans of the genre are called — elsewhere in the world. Online, they host streaming parties and come together to fight xenophobia and any discrimination their favorites face. Offline, they organize charity and volunteer projects, and arrange group orders for physical albums and merchandise.

A five-man squad consisting of members between the ages of 17 to 28 handles content for the BTS Algeria social media accounts on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Their hope is that after the pandemic, the pop stars can have a concert in the North African country.

“The fandom is known for its infinite dedication to the boys,” says Mezmaz. “They use their voice to shine inspiration and hope, and our role is to assist them in delivering their positivity and break barriers.”South Korea will significantly hike its 2021 budget to promote the "Korean Wave," as Korean pop culture enjoys a growing popularity worldwide, according to the finance ministry Monday.



The Ministry of Economy and Finance has set aside 696.1 billion won (US$584.8 million) for next year's budget to promote the nation's soft power, up 42.7 percent from this year's budget. 



As people go contactless in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic, the government plans to promote Korean culture by building an online concert hall. 



The government will spend 29 billion won next year to help K-pop bands hold online concerts, ministry officials said. 



In June, a concert streamed by K-pop band BTS became the world's biggest paid online music event in terms of the number of viewers. 



"Bang Bang Con: The Live," which was streamed for over 100 minutes remotely from a studio in Seoul, drew some 756,000 viewers from across the world.



Fans from 107 countries or regions, including South Korea, the United States, China, Britain and Japan, logged in to view the online event. 



The concept of "Bang Bang Con" revolved around "rooms," with "bang" being the Korean word for "room." Throughout the show, the stage production changed constantly, presenting five scenes, or rooms, to suit the themes of the songs the band performed.



As part of the budget, the government set aside 344 billion won to globally promote the nation's coronavirus containment efforts. 



The budget will be spent to help developing nations set up their infrastructure for public health crises and develop treatment drugs against infectious diseases, according to the ministry. (Yonhap)SuperM is called the “Avengers” of Kpop as the members are each from powerful and talented groups from one of the most influential Entertainment Agencies in South Korea SM Entertainment.

The group was revealed last year with their energetic and powerful main track “Jopping” which highlighted each member’s talent and their own unique charms.

Each member is from multitalented groups, you can say each is like representatives for their respective groups. Taemin from SHINee is also active in his successful solo career and with solo activities, Baekhyun from EXO is also successful in his solo activities and projects with his just recently released catchy and sweet track “Candy” as part of his EP “Delight” while Taemin is in preparation for his release for his 3rd Solo Mini Album “Never Gonna Dance Again” this is to be released on September 8 this year.

Fun fact, Taemin is a senior in terms of debut seniority with Baekhyun but Baekhyun is the leader of the group when it comes to seniority in age. With this fact, fans are having fun seeing how these two would interact in the group.

As for Kai who is also from the same group as Baekhyun, he is rumored to be having his solo soon but no official announcements have been made yet but everyone is excited about his solo as well but for now, he is currently active with SuperM.

For the youngest members of the group that is Taeyong, Mark, Ten, and Lucas are all part of their own respective units from NCT. Taeyong and Mark are from NCT 127 while Ten and Lucas are from WayV and all four have been in a group together last 2018 for NCT 2018 Empathy with their main track “Black on Black” where all current revealed 18 members of NCT participated in at that time.

With each member’s individual background with their respective groups and current activities, you would say “How can they balance all these?” and this is why fans are calling them Avengers of KPop as all members are not only multitalented but are balancing their activities for their respective groups as well.

SuperM is finally releasing their first album “Super One” the album features 15 tracks highlighting the group’s energetically hopeful vibe, conveying the members’ collective message that we’re all “Super” and we can overcome any hardship together as “One”

Check out their release of “Tiger Inside” which was released prior to their first album release “Super One”:

Show your love and support for this Super group and get your own copy of “Super One” from Custom Mood at their site custom-mood.com.

Follow Custom Mood on updates with the latest releases from your faves: www.custom-mood.comPETALING JAYA, Sept 30 — American rapper Cardi B has gotten fans excited for her upcoming feature on Blackpink’s song Bet You Wanna.

The 27-year-old retweeted the tracklist for Blackpink’s The Album on Twitter yesterday, confirming months of speculation over her collaboration with the K-pop superstars.

“Bardipink in your area, and the song is amazing,” Cardi B wrote, using a combination of her name with Blackpink’s.

Cardi B is the latest high-profile artiste to join forces with Blackpink following the group’s latest collaboration with Selena Gomez on Ice Cream, their guest feature on Lady Gaga’s Sour Candy and Dua Lipa’s Kiss and Make Up.

Blackpink has scored several chart-topping hits, including How You Like That, Kill This Love, and Ddu-du Ddu-du, and the collaboration with Cardi B is set to add even more star power to the quartet’s discography.

Regarded as one of the most influential female rappers of all time, Cardi B’s previous single WAP featuring Megan Thee Stallion topped the Billboard Hot 100 with its racy lyrics and unabashed celebration of female sexuality.

Bet You Wanna is slated for release this Friday alongside Blackpink’s The Album.To write comments, please log in to one of the accounts.For K-pop stars, going solo is akin to a tradition. Here are 7 artists who successfully created their own identities through their solo work.

If you’re involved with the world of K-pop in any way, you’re well familiar with the tradition of going solo. Whether it’s to keep the group active while some of the members enlist, or to explore a new musical style, or to find their own way in the industry after the unfortunate disbandment of an act, going solo in K-pop is the road most frequently traveled by stars.

Of course, like any other endeavor in K-pop, this doesn’t come without the drama. The solo debut of a member after usually peddling the K-pop act as a unit doesn’t often sit well with fans. Cue the accusations for favoritism and #JusticeForX hashtags.

It doesn’t change the fact, however, that some of our best releases in recent years have come from K-pop stars who did something a little different than what their groups were used to and surprised us in the process. So, here are 7 K-pop stars who successfully transitioned into solo careers:

All of us were left heartbroken when Wonder Girls, the quartet Sunmi was a part of, announced their disbandment in 2017. Riding in on the wave of retro-funk and disco, Wonder Girls had broken records that previously were thought unbreakable.

But if there’s ever been an instance of a star blossoming at the end of the road, it’s Sunmi’s career trajectory once she went solo. She came back with a bang in 2017 with ‘Gashina’ — the song that was covered by a gazillion K-pop stars — and since then has established herself as the campy retro-queen of K-pop.

Writer will admit, she personally has a grudge against survival shows because of how short-lived the consequent groups often are. We rarely get to see every member bloom in survival shows, not to mention the pain you go through as contestants are eliminated or groups are eventually disbanded.

After the sensational success of I.O.I, people had high expectations of the girl group who won Produce 101. Fate, however, had different plans: it took away the unit, but gave us one of the most iconic rising stars of the present generation of K-pop.

Despite having released solo music before, what became Chung Ha’s representative song was 2019’s ‘Gotta Go’. Replacing the softness of her earlier releases was a sultry, confident tune alluding to a Cinderella fairy-tale, which she then followed up with the equally powerful ‘Snapping’. Yep, queen shit indeed.

Most of us have known HyunA from different avenues in her career. Some know her from Wonder Girls, with whom she debuted. Others recall her time with 4Minute, whom she joined in 2009 after leaving Wonder Girls. Most, however, will know her thanks to the instant stardom she received a year after going solo in 2010, with Bubble Pop!

The eponymous title track on the EP took HyunA’s popularity to international borders, becoming one of the most representative singles of 2011. Through her later releases ‘Red’, ‘Babe’ and ‘Lip & Hip’, HyunA established herself as one of the most vocal proponents of sexual freedom and identity in K-pop, veering through baseless criticism with aplomb.

She might have left her agency, Cube Entertainment, in 2018 amidst a public feud about her relationship with fellow label-mate E’Dawn (now Dawn), but we were glad to see HyunA celebrating her colors through ‘Flower Shower’ last year.

Hey, did you hang out on Tiktok at any given point in time this year? Well then, you must have heard Zico’s ‘Any Song’. Aside from having the power to basically do a complete 180 on our moods, Zico stands out as one of the most well-rounded musicians in K-pop with an equally glittering solo career to prove it.

Despite debuting as a K-pop idol with BLOCK B, Zico has never let go of his underground roots. From his involvement in the hip-hop crew Fanxy Child to production credits on some of our favorite songs in recent years, to the groove he brings to his own solo music, you never know what you’re getting with Zico, but you’re always going to be surprised.

Being called a “representative” of anything may come off as exaggeration, but not when it comes to Girls’ Generation. After eight years of ruling the charts with what is one of the greatest girl groups alive, leader and member Taeyeon went solo with the EP I, only to repeat the chart-topping streak.

While Girls’ Generation remains a behemoth in itself, the journey until her latest album, Purpose, helped Taeyeon create an identity for herself that popular acts have seldom been successful at. Despite the eight years she had under her belt before her solo debut, she proved that being a veteran didn’t mean you couldn’t reinvent yourself.

Remember what I mentioned about survival show groups? Kang Daniel rose to fame after finishing first in the second season of Produce 101, a competitive music reality show now embroiled in controversy. Along with the other winners, he became part of the group Wanna One, who promoted for a short year and a half with promising releases.

Following the disbandment of Wanna One, however, Daniel took a six-month break from the industry to focus on his mental health and future. Usually, a stop this early in an artist’s career would have depleted opportunities of a comeback to none. Not for Daniel, though.

In mid-2019, he came back stronger than ever, setting up his own agency and releasing his debut EP Color On Me. When he followed it up with the equally mesmerizing Cyan and Magenta, we knew that experience truly is a number. This is one we will watch closely for the future.

What, you thought this list would end without mentioning the one and only king? When talking about imaginative and innovative artistry in K-pop, all roads truly do lead to G-Dragon.

One of the first pioneers who pushed for artists to have creative control over their music, G-Dragon penned hits like ‘Lies’ and ‘Bang Bang Bang’ for his group Big Bang before releasing his solo EP Heartbreaker. No surprise, the album became the best-selling album by a Korean soloist that year.

While his work with Big Bang is perfectly in tune with the group’s confident, bombastic ethos, his solo work has Kwon Jiyong (his true name) stamped all over it. G-Dragon’s collective solo work reads like a personal diary where he deals with insecurities and pours out the musings in his head, making listening to his music feel like diving back into an old conversation with a trusted friend. Truly, a great.Are you a real fan of K-pop and have followed all the updates religiously? Then here is a quiz to test the real knowledge about the industry. Here is a list of questions to test a K-pop fan’s extent of understanding the industry. The quizzes are related to K-pop girl groups, boy groups and more.

Also Read | BTS Universe Story Trailer Is Out & It Is Everything An ‘army’ Wished For; Watch Video

Here how well do you know Kpop?

1. In the popular reality show, We Got Married, which of these two K-pop idols were on-screen husband and wife?

Also Read | Kang Min Ah Of 'A-TEEN' Drama Joins Cast Of 'True Beauty' Alongside Cha Eun Woo?

2. Which fandom wars toned down after looking at their idol’s friendship?
• None of the above

3. Who out of the following was originally going to be a vocalist but had to be a rapper due to last-minute changes?

4. During the first edition pet’s specials episode of Weekly Idol, which out of the following K-idol did not appear?

5. During one of the interviews of MAMAMOO, which member revealed that she is a friend of BTS’ Jin?

6. What task out of the following did BTS’ Namjoon do that created panic amid everyone?

Also Read | BTS Suga’s Collab With MAX ‘Blueberry Eyes’ Is Out Now & It Is Everything ‘Blue’

7. Out of the following K-pop idols, who is from a rich background even before debut?

8. Which member of EXO left the group first?
• All of the above

9. Which member joined BTS only after looking at Namjoon’s rap skills?

10. Which group is formed out of the survival show 'No Mercy'?

11. Which female artist out of the following has spent over two decades with SME?
• None of the above

Also Read | F(x)’s Amber Responds To Her Hater On Twitter Who Claims To Be BLACKPINK’s Lisa’s Fan

12. Which K-pop idol out of the following is not from Thailand?

13. Which Korean idol-turned-actor was exempted from mandatory military service?

14. What was BTS RM’s TOEIC that is Test of English for International Communication score?

15. What member of BLACKPINK is known to have lived in New Zealand?

Here are all the trivia quiz answers-
• Eric Nam and MAMAMOO’s vocalist Solar were one of the couples on popular reality show We Got Married. The were married, lived together as well as going on dates on the reality show.
• ExoL's and BTS’ Army used to be head-on against each other, until both the fandom’s found out that the two groups share a great friendship. There were fancams of the two groups talking and sharing a laugh during award functions.
• Amber of F(x) was originally trained to be a singer, however, due to last-minute changes she was made to debut as a rapper for the group.
• TWICE’s Tzuyu was not a part of the first edition of pet’s special on Weekly Idol.
• Moon Byul is a 92 liner and close friends with BTS’ Jin. In Korea, people of the same age generally become friends.
• Kim Namjoon tried to cut an onion from the backside of a knife in the episode which created panic amid all the members of BTS and the hosts of the show.
• EXO’s Suho is from an affluent background. According to member’s interviews, the singer used to treat the group often even before earning their first paycheck as a group.
• The former member of EXO Kris was the first one to leave the group following a lawsuit against the agency, SME.
• Youngest member Jeon Jungkook joined the group after looking at Namjoon. He was impressed with RM’s rapping skills and declined multiple offers from other agencies and joined BigHit.
• Monsta X was formed with the finalists of the show No.Mercy. Seven members were shortlisted out of the show to debut as a group.
• BOA of SME has spent over 20 years with the agency. She first joined the agency as a child artist and at the moment is a veteran of many fields like dancing, singing and even reality shows.
• Jeongyeon of TWICE is not from Thailand but hails from South Korea.
• Former Korean singer and idol Seo In Guk was exempted from military service after being diagnosed with a condition Osteochondritis dissecans, which makes him unfit for the service.
• RM scored a whopping 900 out 1000 when he appeared for the English frequency test. He is fluent in English and helps the band interact during the interview with English reporters.
• BLACKPINK’s Jennie lived in New Zealand for studies between the age of eight to thirteen years.

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.Who will be the next global sensation in K-pop?

It may be hard to predict as the fiercely competitive South Korean music industry debuts dozens of boy bands and girl groups annually, but Ms Kim Yeon-jeong has a good guess, with data to back it up.Recently, news emerged of a UP Diliman course offering about K-dramas, and people’s reactions ranged from amusement to amazement. As expected, there were those who dismissed such a course as a waste of time, but even the most cynical pundit will have to admit that Korean dramas—and more broadly, the so-called “Korean wave” (Hallyu)—have had a profound impact on our popular culture. Just like other social scientists, I have paid close attention to the rise of Korean influence in the country, especially when I realized from my own students in Diliman how massive this wave has become. Which is why, although the few trips I made to South Korea had been for academic and hiking trips (I’ve climbed the country’s two highest mountains—Jiri-san and Halla-san), I took the opportunity to immerse myself in Seoul’s districts, interview colleagues, and learn about contemporary issues. During the lockdown, I was only reminded all too well of those trips and of Hallyu itself, especially with the popularity of K-dramas like “Crash Landing on You” and the dynamite success of bands like BTS.

Speaking of arguably the most important band in the world today, we might as well ask, in the spirit of the new semester: What would an anthropology of K-pop look like? Justifiably, this investigation is not uncharted territory, with academics, fans, and “aca-fans” taking the lead (many a thesis has been devoted to this subject). A well-trodden starting point is situating the “Korean wave” within the broader currents of globalization and consumer capitalism that have taken a cosmopolitan—not Western—character in recent decades. This “cultural hybridization” has had geopolitical and economic implications, not least for Korea as a “brand.”

Journeying further, we can then explore the conditions of possibility—technological and otherwise—for this phenomenon. As the virality of “Gangnam Style” in 2012 showed, the participatory technologies and “mediascapes” of “Web 2.0” were central to its global distribution, foreshadowing the contemporary, pandemic-filtered responses to “drops” from BTS and Blackpink. While these technologies can lead to “cybervigilantism” and “othering”—leaving aside the issues raised in the Netflix film “The Social Dilemma”—it can also bring about a sense of global citizenship and new possibilities for “fan activism” (e.g., BTS’ support, matched by their “Army”, for Black Lives Matter).

Venturing into intersections of age, class, gender, ethnicity, and popular culture can also yield interesting insights. To give just one example, while some scholars have argued that girl groups have reinforced sexism and gender inequalities, others have articulated their contributions to a “cosmopolitan femininity.” Similarly, the ‘‘soft masculinity” and “androgynous style” of RM, Jin, SUGA, j-hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook have been litigated in terms of whether their performances (on the stage) and “performances” (in the Butlerian sense) challenge “hegemonic masculinity.”

Juxtaposing theory and practice, anthropology’s contribution to all of the above has been to bring its “experience-near” approaches and actually participate, while observing, the enactments of K-pop and its “transcultural fandoms” all over the world. Hallyu itself may be global, but it takes distinctly local forms (remarkable papers like those from a 2014 Ateneo conference on hallyu are available online). The ethnographic attention to culture change, idols, bodily practices, and emic (insider) perspectives can animate our understanding of what it means to be a “fan”—and what it means to “consume” K-pop in our everyday lives.

Surely, the music and lyrics remain germane for scholarship. Some for instance, have noticed the fluid use of gender pronouns, and of languages, in BTS songs, as well as their resonant (if emergent) themes—from mental health to women’s rights, as well as their willingness to challenge political indifference and toxicity from older generations. Doubtless many can relate when they croon, in “Silver Spoon”: “This is justice? / You must be kiddin’ me.”

These lines in “Am I Wrong” could very well be our anthem: “If it’s okay to see the news / If that comment is fine / If that hate does not bother you / You’re… not normal.”

Beyond such literal messages, the metaphor of the lonely whale in “Whalien 52” strikes a chord in our time of global (dis)connectedness and uncertainty. What other possibilities—from entertainment to emancipation—lie in “the tomorrow we’ve been waiting for”?Recently, The Nerd Daily had the pleasure of sitting down with Stephan Lee, whose debut novel K-Pop Confidential releases September 15th. K-Pop Confidential chronicles Candace Park, a Korean-American girl, getting swept up in a highly competitive training program for the formation of the (hopefully) biggest K-Pop girl band in the world.

We talked to Stephan and asked him all about his experience with K-Pop, the highs and lows of the entertainment industry, and his favorite books!

Hi, Stephan! Thank you so much for chatting with us! Would you mind telling our readers a bit about yourself?

Of course — thank you for inviting me into this amazing Nerdy universe! Like Candace, I’m Korean American and have been obsessed with pop culture since birth. And yes, my Asian parents totally thought my obsession was a waste of time, but I turned it into a career! I was the movie reviews editor and book reviewer at Entertainment Weekly for five years, and now I’m an editor at Bustle. I live in New York City and my apartment is basically what I wished my room was when I was growing up: overflowing with books and K-pop girl group swag, and the biggest thing in it is a giant poster of Britney Spears.

Before we get into the nitty gritty, I of course have to ask you: who are you favorite K-Pop bands?

Oh gosh, I could crash this site with recs, but I’ll try keep it short and also include my favorite song in parentheses from each band. Of course BTS (“Dynamite”) is way at the top for me, but other than them, I tend to focus more on girl groups, who deserve way more attention! 2NE1 (“I Am The Best”) and Girls’ Generation (“Genie”) first got me hooked on K-pop, and then Blackpink (“Playing With Fire), TWICE (“Fancy”), and Red Velvet (“Bad Boy”) made me fully obsessed. I also love Mamamoo (“Starry Night”), Everglow (“Bon Bon Chocolate”), ITZY (“Dalla Dalla), (G)I-DLE (“Hann”), Dreamcatcher (“You And I”), and G-FRIEND (“Love Whisper”).

And naturally, who is your ultimate bias?

My ultimate bias of all K-pop idols has to be Rosé of Blackpink. On top of having that angelic voice and being a fierce dancer, she just strikes me as such a sensitive and artistic soul. When I was writing K-Pop Confidential, I imagined Candace’s singing voice being a bit like Rosé’s — so vulnerable and distinctive. I can’t wait for any songwriting or solo projects that Rosé might have in the works!

If you had to describe K-Pop Confidential in five words or less, what would they be?

Now talk us through the writing process of K-Pop Confidential. How much research went into this book? What was the hardest to get right? What were your favorite scenes to write?

I read and watched every interview with K-pop stars about their trainee days that I could find. I checked out documentaries and articles about the K-pop trainee life but found that Western media tended to exoticize the process a bit too much; sure, the K-pop trainee world is extremely intense and specific, but the aspiring artists are teens like anyone else. To get into the minds of young people struggling to make it in a super-intense environment, I actually read a lot of fiction and non-fiction about elite sports, competitive cheerleading, and academics. I think the experiences my characters go through are both highly specific and totally universal at the same time.

Even with all my research, I didn’t want to base my fictional K-pop company, S.A.Y. Entertainment, on any real-life record labels, so I used my imagination quite a bit when building that world. For instance, no real-life K-pop company that I know of has 100 trainees living full time in a giant skyscraper! (But it could happen.) My favorite scenes to write were the monthly assessments that Candace and her trainee team have to go through to impress the CEO of their company. They were almost like writing battle scenes, and Candace learned something important about herself after each one.

You touch on so many important issues in K-Pop Confidential and you definitely don’t shy away from the dark sides of the Korean music industry – the pressure to be perfect, to conform and yet bring something innovative to the table every day. If you were part of a K-Pop band, what do you think would be the hardest for you to deal with? And what would you bring to the table, so to speak?

I think the hardest part would be the constant criticism. Just like Candace’s parents, my parents were pretty strict and had high standards for grades and behavior — but lying beneath the “Asian parent stereotype” was unconditional love, which I never doubted. That’s not the case in a place like a K-pop company or any other highly competitive environment. People’s approval is extremely conditional. If you don’t measure up in any way — whether it’s your skills, appearance, or behaviour — you could be cut at any moment. I think that would make me constantly anxious and paranoid.

But if I were to debut in a K-pop band, I think I’d be the quirky one who said random things in interviews! I think I’d also be the dad – or let’s be real, maybe more the “mom” — of the group who listened to my members’ problems and gave advice. And just like Candace, I would not be one of the main dancers. I can’t dance, like, at all.

I especially enjoyed the way you addressed the unattainable beauty standards Korean girls are confronted with in the entertainment industry. It’s a huge dilemma; on the one hand these girls dreaming of being idols can’t look too much like their predecessors and yet need to be as conventionally beautiful as possible. How did fitting Candace, a Korean-American teenager, in this environment come about?

I love this question. When Candace arrives in Seoul to train at S.A.Y. — it’s her first time in Korea — she’s both overwhelmed and comforted by the fact that for the first time in her life, she’s in the majority. She can’t get over the fact that almost everyone she sees on the streets is Korean! But then at S.A.Y., she’s suddenly told that she needs to change the parts of herself that make her who she is. It’s almost like she’s an immigrant in both America and Korea, which is a painful feeling I’ve definitely had in my real life, too.

That’s her journey, though: to see if the sense of identity and self-worth she’s built up throughout her life can withstand the challenges of this environment, and if she can help other people to do the same, too.

In recent years, we have seen K-Pop bands make extreme strides in the Western market – for example, BTS’s recent release Dynamite has broken the world record for most viewed YouTube video in 24 hours. Why do you think it has taken so long for K-Pop to break into other markets? And with collaborations like BLACKPINK and Selena Gomez happening, who would you love to see collab?

I actually don’t think it’s taken that long — I’m actually constantly pinching myself that we’re in this moment at all! When I was a kid growing up in Atlanta, I felt like Korean culture was so far out of the mainstream in America — and to see my non-Korean friends singing the Korean lyrics to “Sour Candy,” or to see BTS win VMAs … I don’t think I could have fathomed this before. But I think it’s happened because Korea is incredibly proud of and really wants to share their culture and their talents with the world. The effort to spread the culture has been an ongoing, concerted effort, but I don’t think anyone expected it to pay off as wonderfully as it has. I feel so privileged that my first novel is about K-pop and it’s not being treated as niche, and that’s only possible through the hard work of Korean and Korean American creators before me.

As for collaborations — we need a girl group to team up with Ariana Grande! I don’t know what it is, but there’s something about the way Ariana combines her fierce and soft sides that has always felt really k-pop to me. I also want to see girl group collabs with Rihanna, Taylor Swift, and Beyonce!

The competition Candace enters is cut-throat and harrowing and yet, incredibly compulsive to read about. What do you think compels people to be so fascinated by competitions where everyone is pitted against each other, but is still expected to work together in a team?

This is a great question! Whenever there are lots of people with different talents and agendas reaching for the same goal, there’s always going to be conflict. But I think the moment when you realize that your nemesis is actually a human being and not just the antagonist in the movie of your life is just so satisfying and makes you believe in humanity again. It’s why people love enemies-to-lover stories and reality TV competitions. It’s why Candace’s friendships and rivalries were some of my favorite storylines to write.

I loved the juxtaposition of Candace who wants to still feel like herself (refusing to get beauty surgeries, for example) with some of the other contestants who did everything they could to appeal to the general public and still weren’t chosen for a band. What would you like people to take away from reading K-Pop Confidential?

This is the heart of K-Pop Confidential for me: no one outside of yourself can take away or diminish your true sense of worth, no matter how powerful they seem, even if they seem to hold the keys to your future.

Young people today have so much going against them and so little support. It’s clear that older generations don’t have all the answers and therefore don’t have the right to force you to fit their standards. Candace’s journey is gaining the courage to acknowledge this and take her future into her own hands.

There’s this moment in the book where Candace chats to a boy from the world’s biggest K-Pop band that tells her how he wishes he never became a member of the band and yet cannot imagine life without it, despite his gruelling schedule and the impact on his mental health. It definitely puts into perspective achieving your dreams as not being the end of the road but the start of even harder work. Have you ever experienced such a dream or goal in your life?

Oh gosh, this is exactly what I’ve been thinking about every hour of every day leading to the debut of K-Pop Confidential! Being a writer for a living has been my dream since the first grade, and there’ve been so many obstacles in my magazine career — rejections, low pay, micro-aggressions, self-doubt — that have made me question whether it’s worth it. Coming out with my first novel is even scarier! Writing a book takes so much work that you can’t help but take it personally when it doesn’t get the attention you hope it does, or you get one of those absolutely crushing one-star Goodreads reviews. But what I’m learning from my characters in K-Pop Confidential is that it has to be about the love of what you do, not the result! Honestly, that feeling you get when you get a scene just right, or when you’re answering really smart questions in interview like this one, makes it all totally worth it!

With K-Pop Confidential releasing soon, are you working on other projects already? Any chance you might want to revisit Candace and her ‘career’ in the future?

Well, I’m working on a sequel about the debut of the girl group formed in book one, although I can’t confirm that Candace is actually in that group! I’d also love to write a middle-grade novel about a non-binary Korean American boy who idolizes said girl group.

I’ve also been working on a novel for adults about a family living in Atlanta, Georgia … it may or may not be semi-autobiographical! I hope to get that one published soon.

Last but not least, do you have any bookish recommendations for our readers?

SO many! I’ll just list these off with no explanation other than they’re amazing and you should read them: You Should See Me In A Crown by Leah Johnson, Tweet Cute by Emma Lord, They Wish They Were Us by Jessica Goodman, Truly, Madly, Royally by Debbie Rigaud, This Is My America by Kim Johnson, Stand Up, Yumi Chung! by Jessica Kim, Keep It Together, Keiko Carter by Debbi Michiko Florence, Full Disclosure by Camryn Garrett, The Summer Of Everything by Julian Winters, I’ll Be The One by Lyla Lee, Love, Creekwood by Becky Albertalli, Now That I’ve Found You by Kristina Forest, Parachutes by Kelly Yang, Cemetery Boys by Aiden Thomas, Anger Is A Gift by Mark Oshiro, Frankly In Love by David Yoon, Grown by Tiffany Jackson … and so many more!

Will you be picking up K-Pop Confidential? Tell us in the comments below!SEOUL — Minah, formerly of K-pop group ILUV, was found attempting suicide on the Seongsan Bridge in Seoul around noon on Wednesday, according to the police.

The singer posted, “What I am thinking right now. I want to disappear,”on her social media before going to the Han River.

On Thursday, Minah, via social media, pleaded for people to stop posting negative comments about her. She also posted a video showing her former agency WKS ENE commenting on her YouTube video a web link that directed to the definition of the word “pathological lying.”

“Please believe me. I have never lied once. I hope no victim like me is ever made again,” said Minah on Thursday.

It was the latest development in an ongoing exchange of accusations online between Minah and her former ILUV bandmates, as well as with the group‘s agency WKS ENE.

Minah had gone to a Han River bridge once before, on July 15, but was rescued by police.

The dispute between Minah and ILUV came to light when Minah posted on her Instagram on July 14 that the agency had requested she keep secret some things that took place while she was part of the group. On July 13, Minah announced that she had left ILUV and WKS ENE for good, saying she was suffering from depression, insomnia and a panic disorder.

Minah said that her bandmates bullied her, slapping her in the face, sexually harassing her and blowing cigarette smoke at her, among other things.

WKS ENE denied all of Minah’s claims and sued her for defamation, obstruction and theft on July 30.

On Tuesday, Minah posted that she was suffering from weight loss after her former agency sued her for additional charges. However, WKS ENE refuted the claim, saying that it had not brought additional charges against her since July.

The Philippine Department of Health has said that every case of suicide is a tragedy that can be avoided. Thus, people who feel that they may be suffering from mental health problems and need help may call Hopeline hotlines:A virtual Korean pop group, featuring characters from the League of Legends game has taken the number one spot on the Billboard chart. Music critic Graham Reid says it's not the first time the world's seen music from made-up characters.

Korean pop group K/DA is a virtual girl band consisting of four themed versions of characters from the online battle game League of Legends.

They released their chart-topping track 'The Baddest' in August, their first single since 2018's 'Pop/Stars'.

Music critic Graham Reid describes the song as generic, but "beautifully crafted". He said he could understand why the track had become so popular.

"They've got the archetypal sort of autotune in there for the dance floor pop, it almost sounds in many ways like it's written by a computer in the sense."

"It's pulled in the gamer people, it's pulled in the fans of the League of Legends, it really has gone for the broadest possible demographic because it's all out there and I honestly think it nails it — it's not for me though, but it nails it."

While the song has been talked up by some as a new concept, Reid pointed out that K/DA certainly weren't the first fictional band on the block. Looking back to the seventies, Josie and the Pussycats were one such band, based on a cartoon series. The group included singer Patrice Holloway, sister of the famous soul singer Brenda Holloway and Cheryl Ladd, who went on to be one of Charlie's Angels.

More recently, the Damon Albarn project Gorillaz featured an animated band with a variety of great talents behind it.

But perhaps the most famous and successful fictional band of all time was The Archies, based on the popular Archie comics.

"The Archies were very interesting, but the singer in that, Ron Dante, was probably responsible for as many number one hits as the Beatles for a particular period there," Reid said. "He was just a studio musician, kept appearing in all these other sort of contexts as the vocalist, but was absolutely anonymous to most people."

Another member of the group, Toni Wine, was "a very very fine songwriter in her own right", according to Reid. Wine ended up doing some demos for Tony Orlando before joining his band Dawn.

"Toni Wine is really quite an extraordinary woman… and she was one of The Archies."

While some might deride the bubblegum genre, there was often a lot of real talent behind it, as Reid pointed out.

"Let's be honest about this, if you listen to this song, you say 'oh that's so simple I could've done that' — well ok, you do it then," he said.

"If writing a hit song was that easy, everyone would have written one."Two participants from Nagaland, Wemheü Thahu and Vidisenuo have been selected to represent Kohima region in the K-POP India Contest 2020 Grand Finale which will be premiered on YouTube channel of Korean Cultural Centre India on September 12 at 5:00 pm.

This event is organised by Korean Cultural Centre India in partnership with 'The Embassy of Republic of Korea', Korean Tourism Organisation and Samsung.

Wemheü Thahu (winner of dance category) and Vidisenuo (winner of vocal category) were selected winners during the ‘K-POP India Contest 2020 Kohima Regional Round’ on August 27, hosted by HallyuWave Nagaland.

“They will be representing Kohima Region and compete with other winners from 18 regions across India in the K-POP India Contest 2020 Grand Finale,” HallyuWave Nagaland Team informed in a press release.K-Pop is having a moment. With the superstar group BTS blowing up around the world, it is putting this genre of music on the map like never before.

A musical about the genre, appropriately titled KPOP, opened off-Broadway in 2017, and has aims for Broadway in the near future.

But did you know that many K-Pop idols are also stage actors? Some have turned to performing in musicals after their group disbanded, whereas others have managed to balance both aspects of their careers simultaneously.

Idols from groups like EXO, Super Junior, and Girls' Generation have performed in many shows, including All Shook Up!, In The Heights, Legally Blonde, and Singin' In The Rain.

Take a look at some of our favorite moments featuring K-Pop idols on stage!

Seohyun (Girls' Generation) - Gone With the Windessica Jung has a wealth of experience when it comes to shining onstage as a K-pop star. Rachel Kim? Not so much—yet. Kim, a 17-year-old Korean American vying for the opportunity to debut in a girl group, is the protagonist of Jung’s upcoming novel Shine, out Sept. 29. It’s no coincidence that Rachel’s life mirrors Jung’s—both emigrated from the U.S. to South Korea, both started training to become an idol at the of 11—as the young adult book is inspired by the 31-year-old artist’s life. But Jung says it’s up to the reader to decide the line between fact and fiction. “It’s going to be like an Easter egg hunt,” she tells TIME. “Looking for clues and who’s who, what’s what, what’s true, what’s not.”

Jung and her younger sister Krystal Jung were scouted in 2000 by SM Entertainment, a major label that’s home to some of the biggest K-pop groups. The elder sibling spent seven years as a trainee, the term used to describe aspiring artists in the Korean music scene, before debuting in 2007 in the nine-member group Girls’ Generation. Widely heralded as one of the most influential K-pop acts that helped introduced Korean music to the world, Girls’ Generation became the first K-pop group to reach 100 million views on YouTube in 2013—with the hit song “Gee.” Jung departed from the group in 2014, and has since released music as a soloist, starred in movies and continued building her fashion brand, Blanc & Eclare. With Shine, she makes her literary debut.

The vivid novel focuses on Rachel Kim’s time at the fictional company DB Entertainment, where strict rules like no dating and a zero-tolerance social media policy are enforced. Over Zoom, Jung spoke to TIME about what motivated her to write Shine, how she incorporated personal experiences into the book and who she hopes will be cast as Rachel in the on-screen adaptation—currently being developed by the team behind To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before.

TIME: Why did you decide to write Shine?

Jessica Jung: I was in this industry for 10-plus years; it was my 13th anniversary this year. I started at a very young age, and I had a lot of chances to travel around the world and always thought that I had a story to tell. I had a lot of drama, a lot of competition, boys—everything that I wanted to tell the world about.

Is there a reason you chose to set the book during the pre-debut period, when Rachel is a trainee?

There’s a lot of information out there about what it’s like to be a K-pop star, but not a lot of people know about the behind-the-scenes of what it takes to become a K-pop star, and what you go through to get your chance to debut. I really wanted to share that.

The story is told through Rachel’s perspective. In what ways do you think your voice is similar to Rachel’s, and in what ways is it different?

Rachel is a reflection of me, of course, because this novel is inspired by my own life. But I did try to fictionalize everything. She was born in New York, I was born in San Francisco, for instance. I never wanted to write an autobiography or a tell-all story. I wanted to make good entertainment.

In the book, DB Entertainment has a lot of strict rules for its trainees, like no dating and no social media. “Trainees do not post and are not posted about, ever,” Rachel says. How much of this was based on your experience?

All of them were based on experience. Yes, there’s a lot of rules and there’s a lot of things that people might not understand, but that’s what we had to go through. No phones, no SNS [social networking service, the primary term used to refer to social media in South Korea], no texting—just practice. But that’s why we were able to concentrate and get to where we are.

Have the rules changed over time?

The rules of no dating, no phones, always have to be on a diet, no texting—those all still exist. Talking to my friends in the industry right now, nothing has changed.

You were very young during your years as a trainee. How do you look back at that time of your life and how it shaped you?

Looking back at my trainee years, I am actually very proud of myself. As a young kid, you may want to go out and play with your friends, go out to the movies, do sleep-overs. But I wasn’t able to do that, and it took a lot of self-discipline and patience.

You dedicate the book in part to your sister Krystal, who you write is “the brightest light” in your life. Could you talk about the role she played in your trainee years?

Not just in my trainee years but throughout the years, even up until now, my sister Krystal has been my biggest supporter, and we support each other no matter what. It can be hard to find true friends in the industry. It’s truly a blessing to have a little sister to always talk to and have my back.

Going back to what you said about incorporating your own experiences, could you share if some characters were more based on real people than others?

Leah is definitely a reflection of my little sister, and my sister picked her own name, by the way. She was like, “I want to be Leah.” And I really wanted to portray our relationship in the book accurately, so I hope the readers enjoy that.

I’m sure readers will also be curious if Jason Lee—the DB heartthrob who’s a member of the hottest new group—is based on a real person?

Jason may or may not be based on a real person. But that’s up to the reader’s imagination.

Throughout the book, Rachel talks about how K-pop has made her feel proud to be Korean. What was your relationship with K-pop like growing up?

It was all of my childhood, it was—it’s still my life.

Was it a big part of your life before you became a trainee?

Actually, no. Before I was a trainee, I was just a normal kid. I did like K-pop, but I was just a normal kid who went to school, did her homework, had piano classes, went to ballet classes, and I never really imagined myself as K-pop star.

Do you think the general public, whether in Korea or globally, has misconceptions about K-pop idols?

The general public thinks that K-pop idols are perfect—or their choreography is perfect, their vocals are perfect, everything’s perfect. But you know, it all comes from so much effort. I just wish that people would really recognize their efforts and their hard work.

What do you think of how far K-pop has come in the recent years?

BTS, Blackpink—they’re on Billboard, doing a lot of collaborations and being on Western TV, it’s very exciting to see and watch. When I travel the world, people really recognize K-pop and they recognize me, as well. When I debuted in Korea, I thought Korea was my only territory, and [Korean would be] the only language that I’m ever going to speak when I work. But now, you travel all over the world, you meet a lot of different people from different countries.

Throughout the book, you use Korean terms from words referencing family members to names of food. Why did you decide to incorporate Korean language into the text?

I thought it would be fun if people don’t know the word but look it up and learn Korean. Because when I read or see movies with different languages, that’s what I tend to do, and that’s how I get interested and motivated to learn the language. So I hope my readers will learn a little bit of Korean.

Shine is part of a two-book deal. Could you share updates on the sequel or the process of writing it?

We’re developing the second book right now. There’s so much more to Rachel’s journey. I feel Shine ended at just the right time, and then the second book is more into when she’s very successful in life and the things behind-the-scenes of when she’s actually a K-pop star.

There are plans for Shine to be adapted for the screen. What are your hopes for the casting?

It’s just my wish, but I think it would be fun if my little sister, Krystal, actually starred as Rachel because she knows so much about Rachel. I think she would be awesome.

This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.PETALING JAYA, Sept 24 — K-pop girl group XUM’s label has apologised after a video of them insulting ethnic minorities resurfaced online.

The clip, which was first posted in May, featured members Dayeon, Baekah, and Iaan taking DNA tests to find out what their ethnic heritage was and included derogatory comments about Filipino, African, and Native American people.

A100 Entertainment posted an official statement on Twitter this morning and admitted that there was a clear “racial problem” in the video.

“We acknowledge and apologise for the mistake of the editors using misleading exaggerated scripts and offensive subtitles.

“There seems to be no excuse. I bow my head and apologise for any areas of displeasure.

“We will also be more cautious when making videos in the future and in everything else, we promise that this will never happen again.

“A100 and XUM are against racism and aim for equality and happiness for all of the world,” read the statement.

Dayeon, Baekah, and Iaan, who were formerly part of the band Neon Punch, had just released their debut music video under XUM on September 22 when the controversial clip began making the rounds on Twitter.

When the girls began making predictions about each other’s DNA results, Dayeon said that Iaan might have Ghanaian heritage which was met with raucous laughter and clapping.

A caption appeared onscreen labelling Iaan as “the girl between two exceptionally white members” with a grey filter placed on her image.

Dayeon later commented that Baekah could have African heritage as well because “she has a very loud voice” and proceeded to imitate a person shouting.

Baekah responded by comparing Dayeon to a Native American tribal chieftain and asked her, “Do you feel like an Indian chief?”

Another scene that irked viewers was when Baekah predicted that Iaan would be part Filipina, but Iaan quickly glanced over and corrected her with a laugh, saying “Vietnam” instead.

Some fans claimed that Iaan’s reaction was insinuating that there was something wrong with being from the Philippines and were angry at the trio for promoting negative racial stereotypes.K-pop is spreading to Italy and the Southern Korean wave is now stronger than ever.

Back in 2012 I had just started university in Italy when I met those who would become my closest friends. One of them introduced me to Korean pop music, also known as K-pop. Bright lights, multiple singers, catchy songs, and colorful choices with bands of young, quite numerous, gender-uniform (either all female or all male), and incredibly synchronized dancers and singers.

Less commonly found in Western countries, the members of these music groups are generally more known together than separate. They are not just a Justin Timberlake during his *NSYNC era.

But how has the Western interest in Southern Korean music and culture spiked so strongly? An interest in Korean culture per se may not be the reason.

Whilst the first group to represent what K-pop is known as today, and experiment with music, was the Seo Taiji and Boys in 1992. They were the first modern version strung in 1996 with boy band H.O.T. Even this first band started the spread of popularity of this type of music as they became popular in China.

In October 2009, To Anyone, the Korean group 2NE1’s album ranked second after Eminem’s Recovery on the Top Hip Hop Album charts on iTunes. Since then, K-pop has quickly been spreading around the globe with an ever-increasing number of these groups touring outside of South Korea.

The Korea Creative Content Agency in 2017 estimated K-pop being worth 5 billion dollars stating that it has actually improved South Korea’s economy.

These groups more often than not are so successful because major entertainment agencies find and train these young teenagers from the beginning of their careers.

So strong was the Korean expansion that already in the 1990s tabloids were using the term ‘Korean Wave,’ then picked up by Americans in 2012 as groups like 2NE1 and others were trying to pitch their music to American producers. During this period the famous song Gangnam Style by PSY went viral with the first YouTube video ever to reach over a billion views.

It was in 2013 when former South Korean President Park Geun-hye intended to allocate 2% of the national budget to further develop their cultural industry.

Studies have shown that this way is happening for two reasons: transnationalism and hybridism. The latter describes how K-pop is transferable to other countries’ musical tastes; therefore, it’s considered a transnational culture. It is viewed as hybrid because its modern nuance seems to be reminder of more global elements of the most common popular music. The mixture of elements from various cultures — or ways of life — could be the major reason why K-pop is so popular.

This September, the BTS (Bangtan Boys) a popular boy band made up of RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook became the first South Korean artist to land at No. 1 on Billboard’s main singles chart in the United States. Their latest single Dynamite was downloaded 265,000 times, while in February 2020 in Italy their single On was the most downloaded song on iTunes.

The same group spoke at the United Nations in 2018 addressing the younger community. They were the first South Korean music group to attend a UN meeting. They were attending for the launch of Generation Unlimited, a campaign “to ensure every young person is in education, training or employment by 2030.”

Due to their high performance fees, BTS has not yet toured in Italy. However, a petition in February 2020 quickly gained 2000 signatures. Some hope sparked among the many tweets of Italian fans, when this April 2020, BTS announced a world tour.

The dark side of being a K-pop star

These Korean singers look well-prepared, talented, and perfect in their performances. Maybe too perfect. News articles and other media sources have leaked that becoming a K-Pop star is tougher beyond the stereotypical view that we have of a singer practicing and dancing all day long.

K-pop singers have rules about dating, dieting, gym hours, and simple living habits like having a phone that could be taken away by the agencies to avoid distractions. Current and former young Korean singers have come forward to testify extremely strict diets — some as strict as eating quantities based on 9 different cups each filled with vegetables or fruit — or going to the gym to exercise with sand bags wrapped around their legs for days.

Other rules include plastic surgery and dating. Plastic surgery is extremely popular in Korea to the extent where statistics demonstrated that 1 in 5 women have undergone surgery in South Korea. While regarding these singers’ dating life, K-pop singers are encouraged, and according to statements appear to choose so voluntarily as well, to avoid dating. Single singers are more appealing to their fans.

What if they choose to leave their career?

It appears that a K-pop singer, named Sulli, who had tried to leave this part of her career, was found dead in her home in 2019 where she had committed suicide. Some instances of her daily life had caught the eye of the media where she would leave the house without a bra — shunning the required beauty standards — or even making a relationship with her boyfriend public. During the last months prior to her death, she had received major backlash from her fans.

Another example is of boy band EXO’s singer named Chen who came out declaring that not only was he dating, but that he wanted to marry his girlfriend who was pregnant. The repercussions by the fans from Chen’s declarations were quite drastic if we think that the agency itself suffered a financial loss, the whole band lost their fans’ support too. So although the agencies do have an especially tight financial grip on these singers, it seems that they may have a point about protecting not only their profits, but their singers’ image.

In major cities, the K-pop presence is felt through typical Korean stores and Korean music and general related merchandise. Since 2014, there has been an Italian magazine dedicated to K-Pop sold online. Similarly, there has recently been the birth of a cultural association, Associazione Coreapoli where the young communities work together to spread K-pop by organizing cultural and musical events.

Globalization and a simple yet outstanding tool known as the Internet have allowed for cultures such as Korean to expand to more western countries. This, in a world where English and ‘American Hollywood’ governs our TVs, could mean that our media can be influenced by other cultures, even in the presence of Korean dramas (called K-Dramas) which are also now available on global streaming services such as Netflix.

K-pop in its similarities to western pop, is still a bit uniquely different. In the hope that other popular music, or just cultures, such as Japanese with its version called J-Pop, still to be discovered, we can appreciate modern music, and language, beyond our star-striped vision.

Italics Magazine was born less than two years ago in Rome, from the idea of two friends who believed that Italy was lacking a complete, in-depth, across-the-board source of information in English. While some publications do a great job, writing about the latest news or focusing on specific areas of interest, we do believe that other kinds of quality insights are just as needed to better understand the complexity of a country that, very often, is only known abroad for the headlines that our politicians make, or for the classic touristic cliches. This is why Italics Magazine is quickly becoming a reference for foreign readers, professionals, expats and press interested in covering Italian issues thoroughly, appealing to diverse schools of thought. However, we started from scratch, and we are self-financing the project through (not too intrusive) ads, promotions, and donations, as we have decided not to opt for any paywall. This means that, while the effort is bigger, we can surely boast our independent and free editorial line. This is especially possible thanks to our readers, who we hope to keep inspiring with our articles. That’s why we kindly ask you to consider giving us your important contribution, which will help us make this project grow — and in the right direction. Thank you.SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 23 — Twitter has announced that 6.1 billion posts concerning K-pop have been shared on its platform during the past 12 months. A total of over 300 different topics concerning Korean pop music emerged this year (spanning many different bands).

Interesting fact: American internet users were the ones sharing most messages about K-pop, ahead of Japanese and even South Korean Twitter users.

Top 10 countries where #Kpop was most active:

Between July 1, 2019 and June 30, 2020, BTS was the most talked about K-pop band worldwide, ahead of EXO and ATEEZ. — AFP-RelaxnewsHyundai has teamed up with the K-pop band BTS for the launch campaign of the new electric brand Ioniq. A song entitled ‘I’m On It’ was released in honour of the new subsidiary brand.

While the name Ioniq has been around as a model name for some time, now it has earned itself some new gravitas. And to help communicate the gravity of the situation who better to inspire fans at home and abroad than the popular music scene.As fans, we love it when our K-pop idols *give* hints about a song or album they are currently working on. And we love it even more when it’s finally confirmed! You guys—prepare your ~feels~ and wallets because it’s gonna rain comebacks this October! Yes, cb season is here!

From K-pop groups to solo artists, here’s a list of comebacks you should look forward to next month:

The four-membered K-pop girl group BLACKPINK will come back in our areas on October 2 with their first full album titled The Album.

MORE ABOUT THE BLACKPINK MEMBERS HERE: Everything You Need To Know About The Members Of The K-Pop Girl Group, BLACKPINK

SF9 will drop a special album titled SPECIAL HISTORY BOOK on October 5, which is also the group’s fourth anniversary.

Ailee will return with new music! Just in time for the fall season, the singer will release a ballad on October 6, as confirmed by her agency Rocket3 Entertainment.

Get ready, Ujungs! WJSN will introduce their new sub-unit WJSN CHOCOME on October 7 with an album.

NU’EST will release their second Japanese album, Drive, on October 7, which contains the Japanese version of their tracks from The Table and The Nocturne albums, along with an original Japanese song.

DID YOU KNOW THAT NU’EST’S MINHYUN IS A BEAUTY BRAND ENDORSER? 15 Korean Male Celebrities And The Beauty Brands They Endorse

With his plans to release a new track every season for a year, Super Junior’s Kyuhyun will drop his fall-themed single on October 8. The song will be accompanied by a music video starring K-drama actor Yoo Yeon Seok.

MORE YOO YEON SEOK CONTENT RIGHT HERE: The 'Hospital Playlist' Doctors As Boyfriends, Ranked

K-pop girl group Weki Meki will return with their fourth mini-album “New Rules” on October 8.

Scheduled on October 9, DAWN will come back with a new track titled “DAWNDIDIDAWN”, featuring his fellow labelmate, Jessi.

JUST LOOK AT THE POWER THESE WOMEN HOLD: 7 Powerful Female K-Pop Artists That You Should Listen To Right Now

A project group formed by Lee Hyori, Uhm Jung Hwa, Jessi, and MAMAMOO’s Hwasa, the anticipated debut of Refund Expedition is set on October 10.

GET TO KNOW MORE ABOUT HWASA AND THE MAMAMOO MEMBERS: Everything You Need To Know About The Members Of The K-Pop Girl Group, MAMAMOO

NCT is coming back with a large-scale project group named NCT 2020 with 23 members! The group’s upcoming full album NCT 2020: RESONANCE PT. 1 will be released on October 12.

For their comeback, PENTAGON will release their 10th mini album WE: TH on October 12. Member Yan An will join the group after a hiatus due to health reasons.

Yesterday, VERIVERY announced their detailed plans for their upcoming comeback with their fifth mini-album FACE US on October 13.

This month marks GFRIEND’s Japanese comeback, with two tracks set for release on October 14 and 21, namely “Crossroads” and “Apple”.

On October 19, LOONA will release their third mini-album Midnight (12:00), and guess what—SM Entertainment’s Lee Soo Man is confirmed to have worked with the group for the second time around!

All eyes will be on IZ*ONE once they release their first Japanese album, Twelve, on October 21!

Mark your calendars, MOAs: TXT will return with Minisode1: Blue Hour on October 26!

We’ll see more and more of TWICE once they come back on October 26, as confirmed by JYP Entertainment.

Carats, it’s time to ~clap~ for SEVENTEEN’s comeback this month! The 13-membered K-pop boy group returned in June with their seventh mini-album, Heng:garae. Not a lot of details yet for the comeback this October, so we're keeping our eyes peeled!

LOVE SEVENTEEN? KNOW MORE ABOUT THE MEMBERS HERE: Everything You Need To Know About The Members Of The K-Pop Boy Group, SEVENTEEN

Finally, LABOUM will make their return with a mini album! The group has been busy with their individual activities, and this will be their first comeback as a group since September last year.

CIX is planning to return this October, following the postponement of their third mini-album HELLO Chapter 3. Hello, Strange Time when member Bae Jin Young had an ankle injury.

After a year and nine months, K-pop boy group B1A4 will come back this October. Aside from preparing for their return, the members are also busy with their individual activities.

According to YG Entertainment, WINNER’s Mino will release a full-length solo album next month, with over 10 songs.K-pop isn’t just loved by teenage girls around the world – adults are also big fans of Korean music.

But apparently Vitor de Souza, from Brazil, isn’t one of those people.

Brother to little sister Emanuela, Vitor was in charge of sorting out her birthday party.

12-year-old Emanuela loves all things K-pop and hoped for a birthday bash inspired by her idols, say BTS, Blackpink, or EXO.

Instead, she got a party themed around Kim Jong-Un. You know, the Supreme Leader of North Korea.

In the most brotherly move ever, Vitor decided to prank Emanuela with the Kim Jong-Un birthday bash, saying the politician was the most famous Korean person he knew.

Vitor shared a Facebook post and a YouTube video showing off his party-planning skills.

He wrote: ‘Today is my sister’s birthday, she’s a K-pop fan. I was in charge of the decorations. Since I don’t know any K-pop bands, I decorated it with the most famous Korean I know. She loved it.’

In a video posted to his YouTube channel, Vitor was filmed ushering his sister into the party, where she was left gobsmacked by all the images of the North Korean leader.

Not only was the wall decorated with a ‘happy birthday’ message from Kim Jong-Un, but the cake was also adorned with not one, but seven images of the politician.

Thankfully, Emanuela appreciated the joke and told her mum, who filmed the whole thing, that she liked it.

At least it’s not a birthday she’ll forget any time soon.

Vitor’s post received more than 84,000 shares on Facebook, with people finding the whole situation hilarious.

Siblings especially could relate to the prank and said their brothers would do the same thing.

One person wrote: ‘My favourite idol,’ while another joked: ‘His song is just a blast’.

One user joked: ‘Kim Jong is so good. My friend went to Korea to see him. He never came back. Maybe he fell in love with Kim Jong’s music and decided to stay there’.

Another person said Vitor knew what he was doing, saying: ‘Look at that smug face! He knows exactly what he did. Troll of the year nominee!’

Do you have a story you want to share?

Email metrolifestyleteam@metro.co.uk to tell us more.

MORE : YouTuber Kristen Hanby under fire for ‘cruel’ prank as he ‘dyes’ girlfriend blueOn September 18th, BTS, TXT, and thousands of online viewers got to witness the inception of brand new boy group, ENHYPEN, from the competition show I-LAND.

BTS and TXT’s parent company BigHit Entertainment created I-LAND in partnership with CJ E&M through their joint venture Belift Lab. The show had been in the making for quite some time; they held auditions beginning in March 2019 in Seoul, Japan, the U.S., and more countries, targeting male applicants born between 1997 and 2008. The goal? To create your next favorite K-pop boy group.

During the live finale of I-LAND, the group-in-progress got its name: ENHYPEN. “Just like hyphens connect different words to make new meanings, members of ENHYPEN will connect, discover each other, and grow together,” the show explained of the name’s meaning.

While there were nine finalists at the beginning of the episode, only seven young performers were selected for the group’s debut. Jungwon, Jay, Jake, Ni-ki, Heeseung (who was a trainee with TXT) and Sunghoon were chosen by global viewers, while Sunoo made it into the group as the producers’ choice. Unfortunately, this meant that fans and the boys had to say goodbye to the remaining contestants, Daniel and K.

It was an intense end to an emotional rollercoaster of a season. Viewers got to see the heartwarming return of previously eliminated contestants, who joined the nine finalists to perform IU’s song “Into the I-Land.” The boys also received food packages and letters from their parents, and even received words of encouragement from BTS during the announcement ceremony.

Member J-Hope shared words of wisdom for when the group debuts: “You'll debut soon so [I] hope to be a good colleague,” he said per the video’s official translation. “I hope you never forget ... your beginnings and what you've dreamed of, what you've surrendered to be here. You must love music and try hard and be passionate for performances. With that I’m sure you'll shine even more.” Jimin added, “Never forget your fans and love your members and your job. I'm sure you'll have a good outcome. I'll cheer you on.”

Now that ENHYPEN has its final lineup, we can’t wait to see what they’ll come out with next — and hopefully we haven’t seen the last of Daniel and K either. Plus, there’s already a call for auditions for the next season of I-Land, and this time they’re looking to create the next girl group.

Let us slide into your DMs. Sign up for the Teen Vogue daily email.

Want more from Teen Vogue? Check this out: MAX Unpacks "Blueberry Eyes" Collaboration With BTS Member SugaIt's impossible in the current era to be unaware of the existence of K-pop. The 'hallyu', or 'Korean wave' that began decades ago has seen aggressive growth over the past few years, owing as much to the international appeal of groups like BTS and Blackpink as to the rising popularity of South Korean culture in general. This boom in the country's exported cultural commodities has led many to presume the purveyors of that culture would see an unmatched level of wealth and freedom. Yet, the actual world of idols contracts and deals isn't quite as rosy as one might be led to believe.

Popular music in South Korea existed long before Lee Soo-man founded SM Entertainment in 1996. But it was Lee's mark on the music industry that essentially birthed contemporary K-pop, ushering in a new generation of idols who would go on to dominate the local, and eventually global markets. The system that Lee pioneered was simple: scout for talent, train them young and debut them as part of an idol group tailored to what was popular. The first wave of artistes to come out from K-pop drew inspiration from Seo Taiji and Boys, who most credit as being the first K-pop idol group as well as being the impetus for a shift in censorship laws in the country. The group also notably pushed past censorship to bring in a more diverse range of musical styles to South Korean pop, thereby establishing the blueprint for the experimental concepts that would follow from groups like H.O.T., G.O.D., Shinhwa, and many more, with some acts like BoA coming in during the later part of this wave and continuing to revolutionize the industry with their feats.

As K-pop took off, more labels were established. But while the 'Big Three' of SM, JYP, and YG were able to coast along thanks to the profits their top artistes were raking in, smaller labels found it significantly harder to break even. Most labels employed a system wherein idols would be required to pay back the cost of their training, which included singing, dancing, and language lessons in addition to living costs, once their work began turning a profit. And in order to maintain the 'image' of the label as well as the persona carefully constructed for each idol, they would be required to sign contracts that stipulated they were to allow their labels to control everything from their diets to their relationships and social lives. Aspiring idols, eager to make their dreams come true, would often end up signing contracts of this nature while they were as young as 12 or 13 years old, with the contracts themselves extending to a period of ten or more years. This system would come to be referred to as a 'slave contract'.

For most fans of K-pop during its infancy, the concept of a 'debt' was as normal as the flashy outfits of the bands entrapped in them. Groups would often speak about the debt owed to their company, and celebrations would ensue when an idol was finally 'debt-free', indicating they had managed to pay back their label and could now start earning money for themselves. For popular idols, this could take as little as a few years, but for others struggling to make their mark, this could go on for much longer.

Over time, however, the 'slave contracts' started seeing backlash as more and more fans began demanding better treatment for their idols, many of whom slept in cramped, barely habitable dormitories and didn't earn enough to buy themselves a meal. But with the pushback, labels were soon pulled up for mistreatment by South Korea's Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) who declared that they were no longer allowed to use the morality clause and other dubious reasons to cancel trainee contracts. This, as it turned out, was yet another way trainees were left with crippling debt, as they were then required to pay back the label despite never having debuted. For those that did debut, profits from their work would go towards their debt. Idols from the 'Big Three' had some leeway, and would actually see some of their earnings, though not much.

The concept of the 'slave contract' was blown wide open when the group TVXQ sued their label, SM, in 2008, stating their 13-year contract was unfair. The five-member group was the most popular from the second generation of idols, and they helped usher in yet another phase of K-pop, the impact of which continues to be seen in the music and visuals of the industry today. Additionally, this was the phase of the 'hallyu' that put K-pop on the global map. But for all their success, TVXQ was clearly not happy behind the scenes. The harsh working conditions, which included their time being split between South Korea and Japan, paired with the fact that the group saw next to none of their profits were major factors raised in their lawsuit.

The FTC responded by establishing a new rule in 2009 that limited contracts to seven years. They added restrictions to the contracts in 2017, which included reforming the financial penalties for broken contracts with trainees and added clauses that made it difficult for labels to pressure idols into renewing contracts after they expired. Despite the FTC's rulings and industry reforms that followed, idols are still subjected to unfair treatment from labels who continue to control their lives. One case that is often highlighted is that of 4Minute's Hyuna and Pentagon's E-Dawn being ousted from Cube Entertainment in 2018 for the crime of dating one another. Idols are also still subjected to fatphobia and body shaming, with most being forced to diet and exercise and stay under a certain weight. Yet, the conditions are seemingly better now than they were a decade ago. That is, on the management side of things.

In 2014, SM idols Taeyeon of Girls' Generation and Baekhyun of EXO were revealed to be in a relationship. Given the history of idols and management, this should have come as a welcome change in an industry where the artistes' humanity was often suppressed in favor of maintaining an image. Unfortunately, the backlash from fans was swift and harsh. From accusations of it being a PR stunt to the duo being forced to apologize, the hate was relentless. They eventually broke up, and the two groups refrained from interacting much in the years that followed. In 2019, EXO's Kai and Blackpink's Jennie (of YG) faced a kinder response, but still parted ways only a month after their relationship was revealed to the world, stating they were busy with their respective careers. EXO's Chen faced worse when his marriage and impending fatherhood were announced, with some fans launching a petition to have him ousted from the group. And earlier this year when news of Kang Daniel and Twice's Jihyo (of JYP) being in a relationship broke out, netizens began demanding that fellow Twice member Sana refrain from dating, a demand so ludicrous even the group's fandom couldn't help but scoff at it.

Idols now have greater freedom, both in their personal lives as well as their professional endeavors. The pushback from acts like TVXQ has paved the way for younger generation idols to not only have better working conditions but also have a better understanding of what a 'slave contract' is and how to avoid being entrapped by one. Groups like BTS have also helped demonstrate that smaller labels do not need to resort to inhumane methods to turn a profit.

Unfortunately, the incessant demand for a steady stream of content from them from their ever-growing fanbases pretty much locks them inside their studios most of the time, and the backlash for their choices when it comes to romance or friendships is often enough to prevent them from ever having true freedom in that area. And given the split of profits still isn't in favor of artistes, they still do not see most of their profits. Ultimately, while they are no longer bound by the draconian rules of a 'slave contract' and the industry itself has seemingly relaxed its hold on young idols, not a lot has changed from back in the day when idols were overworked, underpaid, and not allowed to live their lives freely.

K-Pop Exposed is a column that gets under the hood of what's happening behind-the-scenes in the world of South Korean pop.If you’re new to K-pop, first—welcome. Second—you may be wondering what K-pop fandom words, such as bias, idol and comeback, mean. The K-pop community has been around for decades since the Kim Sisters became the first Korean artist to release an album in the United States in 1959.

While the K-pop industry has been around for more than 60 years, there’s no doubt that more and more fans across the world are discovering the genre, thanks to recent acts like BTS, BLACKPINK and TWICE. As many longtime K-pop fans know, it can be confusing at first to understand the lingo of the K-pop community. With words in both Korean and English, K-pop slang is a language of its own. But don’t worry if you’re confused, as we’ll break down the basic K-pop fandom words that every K-pop fan should know.

Whether you’ve been a part of the K-pop community for years or you’re a first-timer who may have heard BTS or BLACKPINK on the radio and fallen in love with their talent and visuals (we’ll explain this one too), this K-pop glossary is a must-read. And so, without further ado, we present to you 20-plus K-pop terms every K-pop stan should know.

Before K-pop artists are “idols” (more on that later), they’re trainees. Trainees are students at K-pop entertainment companies (who have either auditioned or been scouted) who spend several years training in dancing and singing before they debut as a soloist or as part of a group. Along with singing and dancing, many trainee programs also include lessons in languages, such as Korean (if the trainee isn’t already fluent), English and Japanese.

“Idol” is a word used for K-pop stars. Idols can be soloists or members of a group, but the word is often used to a K-pop artist who has debuted and is no longer a trainee at an entertainment agency.

Though “debut” is a word used for music genres other than K-pop, It’s often used in K-pop to refer to a trainee who has transitioned to an idol by releasing their first official single (either as a soloist or in a group) or performing in public for the first time.

Non-K-pop fans may use the word “comeback” to refer to an artist’s return to music after a long break or after they’ve been cancelled. But in K-pop, the word “comeback” is more often used to refer to when an idol or a group releases a new song. Each comeback also includes a concept or a theme that an idol or a group keeps throughout their promotions and performances.

“Maknae” means the “youngest sibling” in Korean. In K-pop, the “maknae” is often used to refer to the youngest member of a girl group or boy band (a.k.a. Jungkook in BTS or Lisa in BLACKPINK.) “Golden Maknae” is also often used to describe a maknae who excels in all aspects of performing (singing, dancing and visuals—more on that later.)

“Aegyo” is a Korean word that’s derived from the Chinese characters “love (ae)” and “beautiful (gyo)” and is often used to describe the cuteness of someone. In K-pop, aegyo is often associated with the cutest member of a group who expresses their cuteness through gestures, facial expressions and a cute, baby-like voice. A common example of “aegyo” in K-pop is Sana from TWICE.

“Fanchants” are phrases that fans shout before an idol’s performance. Fanchants most often includes the names of each of of the members of a group (or an abbreviated version), as well as words, lines or lyrics specific to that artist.

“Bias” is most often the first word a new K-pop fan learns. “Bias” refers to a fan’s favorite member in a group. “Bias group” is also often used to describe a fan’s all-time favorite grop. “Ult bias,” which is short for “ultimate bias,” is also often used to refer to a fan’s favorite idol out of all the groups they’re a fan of.

“Bias wrecker” refers to a fan’s second favorite in a group, who has a high chance of overtaking their bias and becoming their new favorite.

Most K-pop groups have a leader. This member is responsible for keeping the group organized and serving as the liaison between the group and their entertainment agency. Leaders, who are not always the main or lead of a group (more on that later), also often speak on behalf of the group at awards ceremonies or in interviews. An example of a leader is RM of BTS or Yeji of ITZY.

All K-pop idols are attractive, but the word “visual” often refers to the most attractive member of a group based on Korean beauty standards. The word is controversial among American fans and there is a lot of debate around who the visuals of certain groups are. But a couple of the most agreed-upon visuals are BLACKPINK’s Jisoo or BTS’ Jin.

The Big Three refers to the three big entertainment companies that have launched the most successful acts and are believed to have majorly influenced K-pop: SM Entertainment (Girls’ Generation, Super Junior, SHINee), JYP Entertainment (TWICE, Wonder Girls, Miss A) and YG Entertainment (BLACKPINK, 2NE1, Big Bang). There is a debate on whether The Big Three should be expanded to The Big Four to include Big Hit Entertainment, which manages BTS and TXT, but many fans argue that Big Hit isn’t in the same category as SM, JYP and YG because it’s a newer company and wasn’t around at the same time as The Big Three’s early days.

“Main” is often used to describe the Main Vocal, Main Rapper or Main Dancer of a group. The word is used to refer to the member who has the best vocals, has the best rap technique or is the best dancer.

Like “main,” the word “lead” is often used to describe the Lead Vocal, Lead Rapper or Lead Dancer of a group, who is the second best to the Main Vocal, Main Rapper or Main Dancer.

“Center” is often used to refer to the “face-of-the-group” (another common K-pop term) that describes the member who is most often in the center of a group’s choreography. Centers are often thought of as the group or the member that fans would most often think of when they think of the band. An example would be TWICE’s Nayeon.

An “anti” or an “anti-fan” is someone who hates a specific idol or group. Some antis will go out of their way to discredit the idol they hate by creating fake rumors or finding evidence that diminishes an idol’s talent.

The word “line” is used to group together members of a band who are similar. Rap Line is one of the most common lines used to describe K-pop idols. The term refers to the rappers of a band, such as RM, Suga and J-Hope of BTS. Fans have also used the word line to describe personalities who fit together, such as the Introverted Line of a band. For groups with members from different countries, the word “line” is also used to group together the members from similar backgrounds, such as the Japanese Line of TWICE that includes Sana, Momo and Mina.

New K-pop fans may notice that there are a lot of music shows. Music shows are programs where K-pop idols perform their songs and choreography for the public. Popular music shows include M! Countdown, Music Bank, Music Core, Show Champion, The Show and Inkigayo.

Sub-units are smaller groups within a larger K-pop group. Sub-units often give different members a chance to showcase certain talents or try different music genres that they may not have been able to with their larger group.

Weekly Idol is a TV show that new K-pop fans will hear a lot about. Weekly Idol is a variety show that invites idols to showcase their personalities through games and challenges.

Though not necessarily specific for K-pop, V Live is a livestream platform that most K-pop idols use to connect with fans. Through their official accounts, these idols will upload episodes of behind-the-scenes footage or livestream from their hotels to talk to fans.

“Hyung” means “older brother” in Korean. But the term is also often used between younger and older members of boy bands. One example is BTS’ Jungkook who often calls RM, who is three years older than him, “RapMon Hyung.”

“Unnie” means “older sister” in Korean. In K-pop, the term is often used between younger and older members in girl groups, such as when TWICE’s Tzuyu would call Nayeon “Nayeon Unnie.”

“All-Kill” is when a soloist or a group is number one on all of the main Korean music charts: iChart Weekly, iChart Realtime, Melon Daily TOP 100, Melon 24Hits, Genie TOP 100 Daily, Genie TOP 100 Realtime, FLO Realtime, VIBE Today Top 100, Bugs Song Chart Daily, Bugs Song Chart Realtime.

“Sasaeng” refers to fans who have crossed the line are closer to stalkers. These are fans who invade idols’ privacy or make them feel uncomfortable or unsafe in some way. An example of a sasaeng is a German man who bought business class seats on the same flight as TWICE and tries to give Nayeon a handful of letters that he had written.In exciting news for fans, PUBG Mobile official Twitter handle has teased about the game’s latest collaboration with the famous K-pop group called BlackPink. However, no date has been announced as of yet. Also Read - PUBG Mobile: Top Slangs Used in PUBG, We Bet You Didn’t Know Yet!

For the uninformed, BlackPink is a South Korean girl group formed by YG Entertainment, consisting of members Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa.

In the now-viral tweet, PUBG has shared a pink colour-themed graphic featuring a girl with bangs, pink hair, pink glasses and reflective sunglasses. As you look closely at the reflection of the glasses, the battleground is clearly visible.

PUBG Mobile has asked players to guess who is featuring in the caption of the tease. Captioning the tweet, they said, “Guess who is coming.”

Soon after, users started guessing as to which Blackpink member she is! Fans are confused whether it’s Lalisa Manoban, who is popularly known as Lisa or Jennie.

Interestingly, Lisa is the brand ambassador of the Brawl Star game, which is also Tencent’s game.

However, the news might not bring any excitement for fans in India, because the Indian government had banned the popular game on September 2, along with other 117 Chinese mobile applications.

Meanwhile, PUBG is trying to lift the ban and is cutting ties with China’s Tencent Games in India.BTS perform during Bang Bang Con: The Live online concert in June, which attracted more than 750,000 paid viewers around the world. For smaller K-pop acts, these virtual gigs are not profitable. Photo: Big Hit EntertainmentEvery now and again, a book manages to completely overwhelm me in the best sort of way. Without my permission, it decides that it has to be read in one sitting and even once I finish it, thoughts of it will still rumble around in my brain for days after. K-Pop Confidential was such a read.

Now, if you know me in ‘real life’, you know that I’m not much for K-Pop. I watch the occasional video and I’ve seen a few K-Drama episodes, but I don’t have a bias and I couldn’t tell you any of the band members names to save my life.

And yet, despite all of this, I was absolutely enamoured by this book that chronicles Candace’s time in the competition to become one of the idols for a label’s new all-girl K-Pop band that is promised to take the world by storm. Which is to say that, even if you’re like me and are not that versed in K-Pop, you still need to read this book because it is mesmerising and will blow your mind. And if you’re a K-Pop fan, well, what are you waiting for? This book was basically written for you!

K-Pop Confidential centers around Candace Park, a Korean-American teenager who keeps her love for K-Pop a well-hidden secret, even though her best friend is obsessed with it. But since her mother and father quit their musical endeavours in exchange for a stable job in America, Candace knows that they wouldn’t appreciate her having daydreams about one day having a career in the music industry. She is supposed to have good grades and excel at the viola, an acceptable classical instrument, and Candace complies, most of the time. All of that changes, though, when she secretly enters an audition for the next big Korean Pop girl band and ends up being the only girl chosen out of three thousand others who auditioned.

Completely swept up in the glitz and glamour that is sure to be in her future, Candace travels to Seoul to train ferociously with fifty others who want to be part of that girl band that is sure to make giant waves in the music industry. But what looks so perfect from the outside comes at a hard price: demanding schedules, a diet that consists of nothing but meagre amounts of sweet potatoes and eggs and almost no sleep.

Earlier this year, I had the pleasure of reading Lyla Lee’s I’ll Be The One, where a fat teenage girl named Sky enters a Korean competition and defies all beauty standards by advancing alongside her ‘more conventionally beautiful’ competitors. Where that book was fabulous and funny, K-Pop Confidential takes everything a step further and exposes the gruelling workings behind the perfection that we see on screen. Girls are pitted against each other, cruelly insulted and encouraged to eat even less so they fit the Korean beauty standard, and above all, have to be perfect in demeanour and appearances at all hours of the day with little to no sleep. All of this for the tiny chance of becoming an idol which will be even more work, more exposure to criticism and more cruelty. And yet, to Candace and her peers it all seems worth it to be the best and be adored by millions – after all, if you’re an idol, you can change the world. You can make millions of girls feel valued and great about themselves. But it comes at a cost. And Lee takes an intricate and unabashedly honest look at that cost, which is one of the most compelling aspects of the story. We all love the glitz and glamor, of course, but to see what lies beyond it? What goes on behind closed curtains? That is what makes this book truly unforgettable.

That is not to say that there wasn’t fun in this book, though. Candace is such a fierce and flawed character that you can’t help but laugh along as she messes up dance choreography, but manages to spin it to her advantage or chuckle when she manages to sneak around with one of the members of the biggest K-Pop boy band of her times. If I had to sum up Candace in one word, I’d go with gutsy. She has her doubts throughout the novel whether she will be able to succeed, but she never compromises her own values – she’s headstrong but big-hearted and in the end, those are the qualities they cannot teach you. There’s also a bit of forbidden romance and even the hint of a tiny love triangle and both guys are absolutely swoonworthy. Paired with some epic girl rivalries and unlikely friendships, every chapter holds something to raise the stakes. And of course, there is time for glamor. Fancy makeovers, MV shoots and performances in front of gigantic audiences – it’s everything you never knew you wanted but even better.

Addictive, glamorous and exposing the dark underbelly of the Korean music industry, K-Pop Confidential is an unputdownable must-read for everyone, whether they’re a fan of K-Pop or not. A mesmerising debut that leaves you wanting more!

K-Pop Confidential is available from Amazon, Book Depository, and other good book retailers, like your local bookstore, as of September 15th 2020.

Will you be picking up K-Pop Confidential? Tell us in the comments below!

A Korean-American girl finds her voice and has to navigate the complex world of K-pop stardom in this contemporary rom-com about following your heart and staying true to yourself in the process, for fans of Mary H. K. Choi and Maurene Goo.

Candace Park’s life is all planned out. She takes all AP classes, helps her parents at their dry cleaner, and spends what little free time she has watching Rupaul’s Drag Race. Then there’s graduation, college, and a “Real Job.” What her parents and friends don’t really know, though, is that she has a secret passion: singing. But what’s the point? She’s never seen an Asian-American girl make it big as a singer-songwriter anyway.

So when Candace enters a K-pop audition at the mall on a dare, she doesn’t expect to actually win. She definitely doesn’t expect to plunge headfirst into the grueling world of a K-pop trainee. Especially when her parents don’t approve of it…at all.

But when they offer her the chance to travel to Seoul, South Korea to train at the top Korean music company in the world, how can she pass it up? The only problem is, in addition to the round-the-clock singing lessons, dance rehearsals, and beauty treatments, Candance has to agree to follow the uber-strict rules of a trainee. The most important of which is: NO DATING. But it becomes pretty much impossible to follow when Candace finds herself in the middle of a love triangle between a sweet boy trainee and a superstar member of the hottest boyband in the world.

Will all of her hard work be wasted if she follows her heart? Or can she be the perfect, hair-flipping idol and stay true to herself at the same time?BTS band members said via a video message that they were grateful that so many people in India showed such passion and interest in the music genre.

The ninth and final round of K-Pop India Contest 2020 is all geared up to be live-streamed on 12 September. The live streaming will also include a video message from BTS for the finalists of the event.

According to a report in The Times of India, as part of the video message, the band members said they were pleased and proud that the K-Pop even is taking place "during such difficult times."

The band members added that they were grateful that so many people in India showed such passion and interest. "We will be coming to India with music and a cool stage that will move and comfort you during these tough times," they said.

According to the report, this is the first time when the event has been organised virtually by the Korean Culture Centre India (KCCI) in Delhi. Director of KCCI Kim Kum-pyoung said that while it was difficult to manage the event, they decided to go ahead with it because of the K-Pop fans in the country.

He went on to elaborate on the message by BTS for fans stating he thinks it is a very encouraging sign for Indian fans. "I wish BTS to include India in their world tour after the COVID situation is tackled."

Recently, a South Korean government study claimed that BTS' US chart-topping single Dynamite could generate more than $1.4 billion for the economy for the country and create thousands of new jobs, reported news agency AFP.

The band cemented the feat when it debuted at number one in the Billboard Hot 100. The study was conducted by South Korea's Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism and a government tourism institute.Lee Hyo-ri was attacked by Chinese internet users on Instagram for “being disrespectful” of late Chinese leader Mao Zedong after she proposed using “Mao” as her stage name during a television show.Project K, made up of seven male members, won the second prize at the Seoul International K-Pop Cover Dance Competition 2016 held in Korea. Drawing attention for its unique combination of K-Pop music and traditional Myanmar dancing at the competition, this boy band has since been invited to a range of high-profile events hosted in Myanmar, enjoying immense popularity.

Building on its strong ties forged with Myanmar for more than three decades while conducting business across wide-ranging areas from Shwe Project to agro and hotel business, POSCO INTERNATIONAL has partnered with ambassador Lee Sang-Hwa as a representative of the Korean Embassy in Myanmar, the Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, and the Myanmar Embassy in Korea since January 2020 to create opportunity to promote K-Culture exchanges and address this issue of mutual interest between the two countries in so doing.

Training will be funded by POSCO INTERNATIONAL and other Shwe Project consortium partners - Myanmar Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE, Myanmar state-run oil company), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC, Indian state-run oil company), Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL, Indian state-run gas company), and Korea Gas Corporation.

Following the completion of training, Project K will be able to perform at the Asia Song Festival held in Korea for two days between October 9 and October 10, 2020. Attended by Asia’s top-tier music artists, this annual festival has served to promote cultural interactions among Asian countries over the past 16 years since 2004. This year’s event will be hosted in Gyeongju, and Project K will grace the stage with artists from Vietnam, China, Japan, Thailand, India and other nations as well as from Korea, contributing to broadening the base for K-Pop culture in Myanmar and emerging as a symbol of cooperation between Myanmar and the Republic of Korea.

Specifically, Project K’s training in Korea bears significance not only in promoting cultural exchange between the two nations but also in continuing with years of endeavors made by the Company to disseminate the philosophy of ‘Corporate Citizenship’.

In May 2019, POSCO INTERNATIONAL, in conjunction with POSCO and POSCO C&C, hosted friendly matches between Pohang Steelers, the Myanmar professional football club Ayeyawady United FC, and the Myanmar U-22 national football team at the Yangon Thuwunna YTC Stadium. The Company also constructed a photovoltaic power generation system on Manaung Island to assist the Myanmar government in resolving one of its long-standing challenges of power shortage. This year, the Company set yet another example of practicing the global ‘Corporate Citizenship’ in the culture and arts area through its support for the spread of K-Culture.

In full compliance with COVID-19 disease control guidelines, Project K initiated its schedule in Korea by visiting the Headquarters of POSCO INTERNATIONAL in Songdo, Incheon, on September 16, 2020.

Key executive members including CEO Joo Si-Bo and head of Corporate Management Group Lee Yong-Suk greeted Project K with a warm welcome. “It is deeply meaningful that we are supporting Project K for its visit and training in Korea on the occasion of the 45th anniversary of establishing diplomatic ties between Myanmar and the Republic of Korea”, mentioned CEO Joo Si-Bo in his encouraging remarks, and added “We hope that each of you will play a significant role in facilitating bilateral exchange between Myanmar and Korea in the years ahead”.

“We are so happy and grateful to POSCO INTERNATIONAL and other Shwe Project consortium partners for this opportunity to receive training in Korea”, commented Project K, adding “We do appreciate your encouragement and we will work hard to present our best performance and take the lead in promoting bilateral exchange between Korea and Myanmar”. Project K will be provided with systemic training at SL Studio, a professional K-Pop training institute, on dancing, singing, acting and workout, along with a meeting with the Korean idol band Newkidd, dance cover practice for the Asia Song Festival, and music video filming.

The boy band will be also given a range of opportunities to experience Korean culture, from visit to Korean entertainment companies to Korean food cooking. POSCO INTERNATIONAL’s commitment to fully supporting Project K’s training in Korea is driven by its long-standing relationship with Myanmar.This win-win partnership between POSCO INTERNATIONAL and Myanmar dates back 35 years. It was in 1985 when the Company first established business presence in the country with the supply of 100 train carriages to the then Ministry of Rail Transportation of Myanmar. The Company has since widened its territories into trade, resource development and agro business among others, and this came in tandem with diverse mutually-beneficial social contribution programs launched in the areas of healthcare, education, environment and infrastructure support for local communities in Myanmar to build sustainable trust-based relationships.

Myanmar Shwe Project represents one of the greatest success stories created through cooperation between POSCO INTERNATIONAL and Myanmar. Beginning with Block A-1 located in the western seas of Myanmar where a production sharing contract was signed in 2000, the Company went on to discover gas fields one after another: the Shwe gas field in Block A-1 in 2004, the Shwe Phyu gas field in 2005, and the Mya gas field in Block A-3 in 2006. After 13 years of gas field development, production was initiated from July 2013. These gas fields are indeed the greatest in size out of all the gas fields identified across Southeast Asia since 2000.

Each day, more than 500 million cubic feet of gas is transported through the offshore gas pipeline to the onshore gas terminal in Kyaukphyu, and then is sold in Myanmar and China through the onshore pipeline. Early this year, new gas reservior were discovered in the Mahar closure in Block A-3.

POSCO INTERNATIONAL is also widely known for its Lotte Hotel Yangon which opened in 2018. This hotel, situated near Inya Lake in Yangon, the nation’s greatest business epicenter, is recognized as one of Myanmar’s most luxurious hotels. It consists of a 15-story high-end hotel building with 343 rooms, a 29-story long-term serviced apartment building with 315 rooms, a convention center, restaurants, a swimming pool and other recreational facilities. POSCO INTERNATIONAL oversaw the overall hotel development project, and has been responsible for the entire process from project bidding to development and management.

Furthermore, the Company recognized the immense potential of Myanmar’s agricultural market and established a Rice Processing Complex (RPC) to pursue its business strategy in alignment with the nation’s agricultural development. The RPC is an integrated rice-processing facility where harvested rice is dried, stored, polished and inspected prior to selling. POSCO INTERNATIONAL’s RPC is located in Twante, a riverfront town that serves as a key logistics location connecting the grain belt of Ayeyarwady with Yangon’s export port. The Company plans to leverage the RPC to secure high-quality raw material rice grown in Myanmar and expand sales to China, the Middle East, and Europe to increase its market share.

While conducting business in Myanmar, POSCO INTERNATIONAL also lends a sympathetic ear to local communities where it is based to share their difficulties and pursue shared growth and co-prosperity. One of the most salient examples is the photovoltaic power generation system completed on Manaung Island last December. This system, which combines a 500kW PV power generator with a 2,000kWh Energy Storage System (ESS), supplies 24/7 electricity to more than 1,000 households on the island, and is expected to help operate public healthcare centers and other hygiene facilities and gradually raise the productivity of the local agriculture and fishing industries.

As part of the Shwe Project undertaking, the Company is proactively reaching out to local communities in the vicinity of its worksites to provide support in a wide array of areas, including education, environment, healthcare and infrastructure. New schools were constructed at locations that lend to shorter commutes for students who previously faced difficulties in continuing with their education due to long commutes, and more than 60 school buildings that had maintenance issues were replaced with new ones or retrofitted. To preserve the environment and prevent typhoon damages, mangrove forests have been created in a size more than 2,062 acres planted with 2,414,316 mangrove saplings since 2011, and local residents were hired in the formation and management of these forests as a way to boost the local economy. In addition, schools, libraries, roads and water supply facilities were built in nearby villages to offer practical assistance and promote win-win partnerships with them.

Since 2015, the Company has undertaken a social contribution program for children with facial deformities at Yangon General Hospital: Korean plastic surgeons personally come to Myanmar and stay one week to operate on more than 50 children with deformed facial features, bringing back a big smile to these children in so doing.

This year, the Company donated rapid testing kits, respirators, face masks and protective suits to cope with the on-going COVID-19 pandemic. POSCO INTERNATIONAL will continue to create and expand business opportunities in a wide array of areas including LNG in Myanmar, one of its critical strategic markets, and relentlessly pursue win-win partnerships as a ‘Global Corporate Citizen’ in the upcoming years.K-pop has had a meteoric rise throughout the years, and with each succeeding generation of K-pop groups, the star only burns brighter, proving that music truly transcends language barriers. This has also opened many doors for K-pop idols to collaborate with Western artists, blessing us with tunes that are now staples in our playlists. Here are the 8 K-pop-Western collabs we have on replay!

Selpink in ya area! Sugary, ice-cream sweet with a fun, catchy neat, “Ice Cream” promises to be our new summer bop. While most BLACKPINK songs have some English lyrics in them, “Ice Cream” stands out for having most of the lyrics in English, which makes it easier for international fans to groove along to (not that having Korean lyrics ever gave us pause, oops). It was a treat to hear the girls singing in English so extensively, especially since their singing voices sound a tad different than when they sing in Korean. Selena Gomez’s lines also fit in seamlessly in the melody; her soft girlish vocal style is such a great fit with “Ice Cream”! Sweet yet saucy, this was everything we could have asked for in a summer collab track.

Will we ever get to catch them performing this live together? We can only hope!

Playful, light-hearted, and oh-so-catchy, “Boy With Luv” was one of the highlight releases of 2019 (certified Platinum to boot!). The funk pop track has so much color in it, with the lyrics taking us on a flight towards positive growth. I thought Halsey’s contribution made for an interesting addition — think honeyed vocals played off by the subsequent rap verses that create an addictive contrast.

With BTS being well-known for their choreographies, it was a no-brainer that Halsey got in on the action too, and the collective dance shot that ensued was epic!

The name of the song says it all, and boy, what a song to get up and shimmy to! “Let’s Shut Up & Dance” has a dark, sexy vibe threading to it that was perfectly complemented by the fluid movements showcased throughout the music video.

The K-pop-Western collab also took time to celebrate dances and dancers of all walks of life in a nod to how the artistry of dancing, much like music in this case, rises above cultures. This paired wonderfully with the cinematic shots of different cities, from the tropical colorfulness of Jamaica to the downtown area of Seoul.

And let’s be honest, how could you have a tune to inspire people to get up and dance without the dance legends that are EXO’s Lay and NCT 127!

“Play It Cool” has Steve Aoki’s signature all over it, and we are all for it! The track is perfect for driving to (as Aoki proves in the start to the music video); MONSTA X’s smooth and mellow voices meld with the beat, and when the bass drops, you can’t help but groove to it.

MONSTA X’s sleek choreography only serves to make the dark, gritty beat work harder as we pivot from their relaxed scene in a bar to the dance break in a dimly-lit hall.

One of Jackson’s solo works, “Different Game” is special not just because it is a collaboration, but also because of the cross-cultural references that were peppered throughout the music video.

In it, the rapper makes a point to highlight how his career and works span across cultural boundaries with GOT7 and Team Wang in an upbeat track that you can’t help but feel pumped up by. Gucci Mane features with a verse that further hypes up their joint accomplishments.

In what constitutes a flawless collaboration between Grammy-nominated Gallant, Eric Nam, and Tablo, “Cave Me In” is an R&B track that blends the trio’s unique musical styles for an intoxicatingly smooth slow jam.

It’s a song that will take you through some emotional ups and downs, so best to slip this one into a playlist for your Tipsy Thursdays (some songs are better appreciated when you’re mildly tipsy and full of feels!).

7. “Freal Luv” – EXO’s Chanyeol with Far East Movement, Marshmello and Tinashe

One thing for sure, “Freal Luv” tied many artists and influences together with this one, and what a treat it is to see and hear how the R&B, electro, and pop vibes all fuse together.

EXO’s Chanyeol’s smooth flow criss-crosses with Tinashe’s melody to create a sensual track to vibe to. With the song fully in English, it was particularly impressive that Chanyeol had a hand in both composing and writing the lyrics!

8. “Written In The Stars” – Red Velvet’s Wendy with John Legend

Born from a collaboration between two absolute vocal legends, it’s well safe to say, “Written In The Stars” is a beautiful and soulful piece!

Wendy’s soft, tinkling voice harmonizes with John Legend’s deeper baritone to deliver an enchanting love ballad about star-crossed lovers who almost came to be.

The duo even teamed up to shoot a romantic music video set in the Californian desert, so be sure to check this one out!

Hey Soompiers, which other K-Pop x Western artist collabs do you hope to see in the future? Let us know in the comments below!

Aetcult is your friendly K-beauty enthusiast who loves her tea on and off her face (no lie). In between bouts of tinkering with new beauty products, she will probably be writing about her finds, revising her Korean language coursework and jamming to the latest K-pop song. Say hi to Am on Tumblr.You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.If anyone is going to take over Twitter, it’s going to be fans of the Korean pop group BTS — who are collectively known as ARMY (Adorable Representative MC for Youth).

ARMY has a habit of dominating the social media site, from creating its own trending hashtags to posting under #WhiteLivesMatter to drown out those opposing Black Lives Matter protests.

This time around, the BTS hive is focusing on uplifting Black fans, who have a history of experiencing racism within the fandom.

On Tuesday, #BlackOutBTS started letting Black BTS fans shine, highlighting their presence and strength within the K-pop community.

Similar hashtags, like #BlackARMYsMatter and #BlackARMYsequality have cropped up in the past to call out the racism and harassment that Black fans have faced among their fellow admirers.

The goal, then, is to flood Twitter with positive messages surrounding the (very present) Black BTS fan base, posting side-by-side selfies with their favorite member of the seven-man band.

One particular member, rapper Suga, is also trending hard Tuesday, but for a different reason: He appears with a verse on “Blueberry Eyes,” the new single out by pop singer MAX.

“U AR e MY light, friends who support each other, each other’s anchor,” Suga raps in Korean, referring to BTS fans.

In the music video (also released Tuesday), MAX and his real-life wife, Emily Cannon, lip-sync Suga’s verse to each other as their fictional wedding vows.

“I knew it was going to be hard, but really breaking down how to properly pronounce all of the Korean was insane,” MAX told Teen Vogue. “And it made me have a deeper appreciation for the meaning behind the lyrics and what he put on the song.”

MAX and Suga, in fact, go way back: “We need to remix a BTS song now,” MAX told the San Francisco WiLD 949 radio station in October 2017.

Since then, BTS fans have brought him into the fold, blowing up the new track on Twitter and YouTube.

BTS holds the distinct, dystopian honor of being the most tweeted-about musicians in the U.S. during the first six months of COVID-19 quarantine, according to a “Twitter From Home” trend report that Twitter released Tuesday.Talent and sheer hard work has brought K-pop star Kim Jae-joong mega bucks from bestselling music albums and K-dramas Triangle, Spy and Manhole, and likes to splurge on everything from luxury cars like Rolls-Royce and Bentley, to property in Seoul and JapanMalaysian K-pop fans, we hear you loud and clear!

According to a report by Twitter, titled #KpopTwitter 2020 released on Sept 22, Malaysia ranks seventh in the world for having the highest volume of tweets related to K-pop.

Five K-pop acts in particular were most mentioned by Malaysians – BTS, EXO, Blackpink, Twice and TXT.

The tweets were tabulated between July 1, 2019 and June 30, 2020.

Thailand placed first for highest tweet volume about K-pop, followed by South Korea, Indonesia, Philippines, United States and Brazil.

#KpopTwitter 2020 is a celebration of the growth of the music genre over the past 10 years.

"Despite the global Covid outbreak, there were 6.1 billion K-pop related tweets in the past 12 months worldwide," said head of global K-pop partnerships YeonJeong Kim.

Other interesting insights in the report include the most mentioned K-pop artistes in the world, with BTS, EXO, GOT7, Blackpink and NCT 127 nabbing the top five spots.

Exo's Obsession and four BTS tracks – On, Boy With Luv, Black Swan and Shadow – are the five most mentioned K-pop songs in the world.

Also, the five fastest-rising K-pop artistes in the world are Stray Kids, Ateez, TXT, Iz*One and SuperM.To many, he’s the blueprint, inspiring both younger and older idols alike who consider him iconic. Taemin is thankful for that reputation, but he also says that it’s mutual: “I'm very thankful to be considered as a role model for younger artists. I always get a lot of support and energy from them, so I’m glad to give back that positive energy.”

There’s an inherent ease in the way Taemin speaks, in the way his crystalline voice echoes, straightforward and confident. It’s the speech of a dancer — someone who first learned how to express the range of human emotions through his physical body, and who has now transformed this knowledge into part of his whole being.

Before Act 1, he released “2 Kids,” a prologue single meant to introduce this new era. “Two kids, too young and dumb. If I endured everything, would it be different?” he wonders in the lyrics, which he co-wrote. “Act 1 is about rebelling against the ordinary and the process of finding a new ego,” he says. “Since I wanted to make a cinematic story, I first chose the title track and, for the rest of the songs, I chose the concepts and picked keywords to name them.”

With titles such as “Strangers” and “Clockwork,” the keywords Taemin chose allude to themes of love, loss, and longing. Sonically, Act 1 is one of his most mature works so far — a versatile play that weaves through slinky synths, rolling trap beats, and R&B jams seamlessly.

“Fans already know a lot about me, but with this new album they will realize that I put a lot of time and a lot of energy into creating my music,” he says, though Taemints and Shawols (the fandom names for both Taemin and SHINee) will of course know how hardworking he is.

While looking at his effortless performances, it’s easy to think Taemin descended to Earth in that immaculate form. But as life often shows, appearances are only a fraction of the journey. When reflecting on his debut with SHINee in an interview with Sellev, Taemin admitted that his voice wasn’t even featured on their title track, “Replay.” He felt lacking, even though he was also the main dancer of the group.

In order to improve, Taemin practiced overnight and deprived himself of sleep until he could finally consider himself a complete artist. Thinking back to those times, he is gentle. “I would tell [my younger self] to not be afraid to recover from mistakes,” he says now. “To always keep his head up and always move forward.”

And so he did. In 2014, he was the first member of his group to debut as a solo artist with the EP, Ace. The introductory video for Ace featured black-and-white footage of Taemin’s growth since debut. “I’ll show you love, fights, sad goodbyes,” he sings, foreshadowing themes he’d explore in the next few years.

Taemin’s solo career was built with daring thematic plunges. Often tied up, masked, playing with dangerous instruments or simply teasing the viewer, there’s no concept too bold for him. “Danger,” his debut single, had smoky eyes, motorcycles, and a gun-shaped guitar — symbols that contrasted with his off-stage presence and angelic features. “Press Your Number” took Taemin’s introduction to peril to the external world, where he robbed a convenience store and kidnapped a woman, only to discover he was attacking himself. “Move” saw him break labels between perceptions of masculine or feminine performance, and “Want” furthered his exploration of desire and temptation through the use of religious imagery.Finally, fans can take BTS home with them.

Sort of. The K-pop boy band appeared on the home concert adaptation of NPR’s popular Tiny Desk video series. The performance was recorded in the record store Vinyl & Plastic by Hyundai Card in Seoul, the band’s hometown, and the video premiered Monday morning.

“We’ve been trying to make a BTS Tiny Desk concert happen for years now — even gaming out ways we might move [“All Songs Considered” host] Bob Boilen’s desk far enough forward to accommodate the superstar Korean boy band’s dance moves,” Stephen Thompson of NPR wrote.

True to its Tiny Desk nature, the performance was cozy and intimate, which meant more acoustic singing and less of the polished choreography BTS is known for.

This performance marks the first time the band has performed its new hit single, “Dynamite,” which recently became YouTube’s most-viewed video in its first 24 hours, with a live band.

The set list also included “Save ME” off of the group’s 2016 “The Most Beautiful Moment in Life: Young Forever” album, as well as 2017’s “Spring Day” (from “You Never Walk Alone”).

The Korean band also announced Monday that it would be premiering a new music video for the all-English “Dynamite” in the online video game “Fortnite,” developed by Epic Games.

The music video, which will unveil never-before-seen choreography, will premiere on Friday at the Party Royale island’s main stage within the game. (The Party Royale mode allows players to hang out with friends in a no-combat social space.)

“BTS is not only incredibly popular worldwide, but their talent, creativity, and forward-thinking attitude made them a perfect match,” Nate Nanzer, head of global partnerships at Epic Games, told Variety. “We’re honored to host their premiere.”We’ve launched an awesome new K-Pop newsletter called The K-Pop Observer and to celebrate we’re giving away a $100 voucher to VERY KPOP for all your K-Pop merch needs!

We’re incredibly excited to announce our new newsletter for all things K-Pop, The K-Pop Observer.

The K-Pop Observer will deliver all the latest K-Pop news, tour details and competitions straight to your inbox and all for free!

The K-Pop Observer is part of The Brag Media’s new Observer system. With the latest social platforms and algorithms, people are often kept out of the loop with things they care about most. So, we write and curate newsletters completely tailored for your interests.

To celebrate the launch of this exciting new Observer we’re giving away a $100 gift card to VERY KPOP. VERY KPOP stocks all sorts of amazing merch from all your fave K-Pop acts (BTS, Blackpink, Stray Kids, EXO and more!) it’s an absolute treasure trove for K-Pop lovers.

So, how do you win the gift card? All you’ve gotta do is fill out the form below to sign up to The K-Pop Observer and tell us in 25 words or less what your favourite K-Pop song and why, it’s that easy!

Competition entries open from Monday the 21st of September 2020 9am AEST to Monday the 5th of October 9am AEST. Competition open to Australian residents only. Full T’s & C’s here

Through The Brag Observer you can sign up to topics you love and we’ll curate all the best news and competitions for those topics from Rolling Stone Australia, The Brag, Tone Deaf, The Industry Observer and Don’t Bore Us and send them straight to your inbox for free.A South Korean politician has proposed a bill which would exempt esports stars from disrupting their playing careers through military service. The bill, proposed by the country’s Democratic party, would allow notable figures in the fields of pop culture and arts to delay their service until they turn 30.

A report from Naver pointedly name-drops esports superstar Lee ‘Faker’ Sang-hyeok, best known for his three League of Legends world championship wins. The report also mentions K-Pop group BTS, claiming that both parties could be “recommended by the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism as an outstanding person in the field of popular culture and arts.” That recommendation would entitle someone to postpone their military service for up to two years.

Currently, almost all South Korean men between the ages of 19 and 28 are required to perform between 1.5-3 years of military service, based on their branch of the armed forces and occupation in their normal life. Athletes who excel at the Olympics or Asian Games are granted exemptions, as are some musicians and performers, but esports stars have never previously been granted similar opportunities to continue their careers. Many are likely to have aged out of their respective scenes well before their 30th birthdays, but the proposed bill is certainly a big step, even for a country as esports-friendly as South Korea.Nagaland girl Vidisenuo Belho adjudged the first runner-up in the solo singing competition at the K-Pop Indian Contest 2020 organized by Korean Cultural Centre India.

20-year-old Belho performed Heize’s ‘Can you see my Heart’ thrice to win the award which fetched her gift along with a certificate and a free visit to South Korea.

The competition required artistes to sing a song of their choice in a video throughout the contest.

For every round, the same song had to be sung and recorded in a new video.

Chanchui Khayi, who is from Manipur and contested from the Delhi region (where she is currently studying, was declared the winner of the solo singing competition.

Contestants from 18 different states competed in singing and dance challenge.

Due to Covid-19 pandemic, the contest was this year organized virtually.

This year, the winners were supposed to represent the country in Changwon K-Pop World Festival in Korea.

The winners and runners up in both the categories from India will, however, get a chance to visit South Korea, when the Covid-19 situation improves.K-pop sensation BTS has topped the Billboard Hot 100 main singles chart for the second consecutive week with its latest hit “Dynamite,” through which the boy band hopes to console fans under stress during the COVID-19 pandemic. BTS became the first-ever Korean singer or group to make it to No.1 on the chart. Out of 43 hit songs, including those of Michael Jackson, which debuted on top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart, “Dynamite” is the 20th to have stayed atop the chart in its second week. Indeed, BTS has rewritten the history of K-pop.

Here is Lee In-chul, director of the Real Good Economic Institute, to examine the potential economic ripple effects of BTS’ phenomenal success.

In a report published jointly by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and its affiliate Korea Culture and Tourism Institute, BTS’ conquest of the Billboard Hot 100 chart is estimated to generate 1.2 trillion won in terms of production-inducing effects and 480 billion won in added value. Overall, the economic effect is expected to reach 1.7 trillion won, which is roughly 1.5 billion US dollars.

Thanks to the feat, exports of related consumer goods, such as cosmetics, foodstuffs and clothing are forecast to increase by 312 million dollars. The group’s achievement is also expected to create nearly eight thousand jobs. The result is based on the analysis of the sales volume of BTS’ agency, Big Hit Entertainment, statistics from the Korea Customs Service and the Bank of Korea, and the Google Trends data.

Global sales of “Dynamite” are estimated at 245.7 billion won or about 207 million US dollars, based on revenue from BTS’ previous album “Map of the Soul: Persona,” which topped the Billboard 200 in 2019. The numbers did not take into account revenue from offline concerts but included income from one online concert, reflecting the COVID-19 situation. On top of the direct sales, BTS’ success has a tremendous industrial impact as well.

The economic effect of BTS’ new song on production, added value and employment will be enormous. According to a study by Hyundai Research Institute, when the popularity of BTS increases by one percentage point, based on the search volume in Google Trends, Korean exports of cosmetics rise 0.72 percentage points, while those of food and clothing go up 0.45 and 0.18 percentage points, respectively.

Given the analysis, BTS will likely contribute to increasing overseas sales of cosmetics by 276 billion won, food by 74 billion won and clothing by 21 billion won. Their production-inducing effects are tallied at 595 billion won, 178 billion won and 40 billion won, respectively.

But the study did not consider the potential impact on the Korean tourism industry, such as a rise in the number of foreign tourists visiting Korea, as the pandemic has restricted overseas travel.

Considering BTS’ future concert tours, the effect of drawing foreign tourists and the enhanced brand image of Korea, the economic effect of BTS’ topping the Billboard Hot 100 will likely far exceed the recent estimate of 1.5 billion dollars.

BTS started its activities in earnest in 2014 and took the entire world by storm in October 2019, promoting the image of South Korea worldwide. According to a report released by the Korean Foundation for International Cultural Exchange, nearly 800-thousand foreigners have visited South Korea for BTS-motivated reasons every year. BTS is estimated to have been responsible for 7.6 percent of the total of foreign tourists who visit South Korea. The group’s annual production inducement effect is estimated at 3.6 billion dollars, with its added value inducement effect projected at 1.2 billion dollars.

Meanwhile, on September 8, K-pop girl group Blackpink ranked 13th on the Billboard Hot 100 with its latest single “Ice Cream.” With this accomplishment, it rose to a new career-high and took the highest position in the influential music chart as a Korean girl band. Blackpink made it into the chart with the songs “Sour Candy” and “How You Like that” earlier this year. According to Billboard, Blackpink is the first girl band to put three consecutive songs on the chart’s top-40 since American girl group Fifth Harmony in 2016.

The economic effect generated by K-pop singers or groups will be even greater, in line with their stellar performances on the global stage. Encouraged by the remarkable growth of Korean cultural content, as seen in BTS, Blackpink and the Oscar-winning film “Parasite,” South Korea took tenth place in the 2020 Global Innovation Index announced by the World Intellectual Property Organization on September 2.

No doubt, the film “Parasite,” as well as BTS, clearly demonstrated the power of South Korean cultural content. South Korea climbed up one notch to 10th in the Global Innovation Index from last year. It is the first time for Korea to be in the top 10. The ranking is the second-highest in Asia, after Singapore placed in eighth. Korea remained the same at 10th in “Innovation Input,” but rose from 13th to 10th in “Innovation Output.”

In the field of “Creative Goods and Services,” in particular, South Korea moved up a whopping 23 spots to 19th from 42nd. This indicates that the country’s cultural industry has made remarkable progress.

The Global Innovation Index was introduced in 2007. Its purpose is to measure countries’ innovation capability, which is an important element in economic development, so it can provide countries with the information needed to devise effective public policies and business strategies.

This year, South Korea has made it to the top ten in the index, reflecting that its consistent efforts to enhance global competitiveness have borne fruit. Indisputably, much of the credit should go to South Korean pop music, dramas and movies.

South Korea’s cultural industry’s output accounted for 3.7 percent of its GDP in 2000, but the figure rose to 5 percent last year. That is, the portion of the cultural industry in the economy is becoming larger. For the industry to move on to the next level, analysts say that it is necessary to strengthen the competitiveness of cultural content platforms.

Hyundai Research Institute says that South Korea’s cultural industry is the seventh-largest in the world and that the industry’s intellectual property presence is expanding on the back of the strong global fandom of hallyu or Korean pop culture.

For tools to contend with, the institute points out that Korea lacks in globally-competitive content platforms like Netflix and that labor productivity in the cultural industry is rather low. To develop hallyu into an industrial trend, and not just cultural content, it is necessary to make greater research efforts and expand overseas marketing further.

The Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism says it published the report in order to show the huge economic effect of BTS’ conquering Billboard’s benchmark chart. But it also says that the group’s achievement goes far beyond the numbers. In fact, the economic effect of 1.5 billion dollars is a conservative estimate. Moreover, you can’t just put a price on BTS’ music that has comforted and healed so many people suffering from COVID-19. We’re looking forward to another legend to be created by BTS and its positive effect on the Korean economy.K-pop superstars BTS have announced that they will release their new album on November 20.

According to the band, the new album, (Deluxe Edition), imparts a "message of healing to the world by declaring, 'even in the face of this new normality, our life goes on'," reports variety.com.

The report added, "For this album in particular, the septet took a step further and was involved not only in the music making process, but also in the overall production concept, composition, design, etc. The album reflects the thoughts, emotions and deepest ruminations of BTS while working on the album."

The group, comprising RM, Jin, Suga, J Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook, has been sharing moments from the album's creation on their official YouTube channel.

Meanwhile, over a month ago, the video for the group's latest single broke YouTube records by getting the most views in 24 hours in the platform's history, officially topping 100 million in that time frame.

, which is their first English-language single, also helped the band create history. They became the first K-pop act to top the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks in a row.GUWAHATI: Nagaland girl Vidisenuo Belho was adjudged the first runner-up in the solo singing competition at K-Pop Indian Contest 2020.



 This event is organised by the Korean Cultural Centre India in partnership with 'The Embassy of Republic of Korea', Korean Tourism Organisation, and Samsung.



 The competition required artistes to sing a song of their choice in a video throughout the contest. 20-year-old Belho performed Heize’s ‘Can you see my Heart’ thrice to win the award which fetched her a free visit to South Korea along with a certificate and gift.



 Contestants from 18 different states competed in singing and dance challenge. Chanchui Khyai who hails from Manipur but resides in Guwahati was declared the winner of the solo singing competition.



 This year, the winners were supposed to represent the country in Changwon K-Pop World Festival in Korea but it got cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.



 The winners and runners up in both the categories from India will, however, get a chance to visit South Korea, when the Covid-19 situation improves.Did K-pop sensation BTS actually dance to the hit Bollywood song Chadti Jawani? Well, no. But with this perfectly synced mashup, fans can pretend like they did. A video that has amused many on Instagram shows members of the beloved boy band appearing to groove to a remixed version of ChadtiJawani - a song from the 1971 film Caravan.

The mashup was shared by Instagram account '@qualiteaposts' one day ago, and has since garnered over 90,000 views and more than 800 amused comments.

In the mashup video, the seven members of the South Korean boy band are seen shaking a leg to ChadtiJawani. The original clip is actually from the group's dance practice to 'Dynamite'. For the mashup, it has been perfectly synced to the beats of ChadtiJawani, making it appear as if they are actually dancing to the Hindi song. Watch it below:

While the mashup's popularity continues to grow on Instagram, fans of BTS have flooded the comments section with amused as well as impressed reactions to the mashup.

"So you are telling me this is not the real music of the video and is just an edit?" asked one disbelieving Instagram user.

"How do you get the accurate song for such videos?" another questioned, while a third remarked, "Haha this is so good."

This is not the only BTS-Bollywood mashup that has won hearts on social media lately. In June, mashup video of BTS dancing to the song ChunnariChunnari from the 1999 movie Biwi No 1 had also gone viral online.

BTS, also known as the Bangtan Boys, is a band that was formed in 2010 in Seoul. The group has since gained a global fandom with their award-winning music.Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.As the global corona pandemic set in during the first half of 2020, live music events came to a standstill. While socially distanced concerts began to take place upon occasion, and there are those who refused to adhere to guidelines, digital concert events have become the mainstay of the music world in 2020. And nobody’s doing it better than the K-pop industry, which has managed a near-seamless shift to online concerts that offers an experience that multitudes of fans across the world can enjoy, even if there have been a few hiccups.

Unrestrained by the limitations of in-person live events, K-pop artists have been putting on digital concerts just about non-stop since April. Beginning with SuperM’s Beyond Live show, there’s been an ample amount of live performances held by South Korea-based artists, with every week or so another act holding a show. Top stars and new acts alike held “ontact,” or contactless, shows, and history’s even been made: BTS’s Bang Bang Con: The Live set was recognized by the Guinness Book of World Records for the most-viewed live streamed concert ever with over 756,000 fans from across the world tuning in.

For many fans of K-pop acts, it’s been a brand new and welcome experience during the COVID-19 crisis, and has potential to expand beyond the age of corona. Sheree Ng, a 32-year-old K-pop fan from Australia, thinks these concerts are an overall positive innovation. “I think a lot more fans can participate! The price point is lower plus you don’t have to travel or take time off work or other responsibilities. And it’s so relaxing to stay at home in your pajamas eating your favorite food!” To Ng, it would be ideal if digital K-pop concerts continued beyond corona since it’s oftentimes hard to take off work to travel to see shows, and it is more affordable, a win all around for fans who still want to be able to experience shows in realtime without attending in-person.

Though most K-pop acts were unable to tour in 2020, these digital concerts have become an opportunity for fans to enjoy many of the new performances artists were hoping to showcase during world tours. Ursula Smith, a 33-year-old fan in New Mexico, said that it was a pleasure to watch TWICE perform songs from previous albums and newer releases that they have yet to share with fans. Though it was only Smith’s first show, and IZ*ONE’s will be a second, the overall perception is that K-pop’s online concerts are in another league beyond what most artists are doing. “I have watched YouTube lives and Instagram live shows from non-K-pop artists. The difference is definitely the production. TWICE gave a full performance whereas the lives I have watched are the acoustic, more stripped down performances.”

S.C., a 25-year-old fan from California who asked their whole name not be used due to privacy concerns, watched five K-pop concerts and compared them with Erykah Badu's online concert and all the Versuz battles hosted on Instagram. There was a noticeable difference. “I enjoyed them, but the concerts hosted by U.S. artists don't put a lot of emphasis on production and experience outside of making sure that the sound is good and clear. The Beyond Live concerts prioritize stage production, special effects, visuals, and camera work. When I'm watching the Beyond Live concerts, there are times where I feel like I'm on stage with the group.”

A major plus for many fans was the relatively low price; K-pop 2020 digital concert tickets have cost around $30 USD, give or take a few dollars depending on a country’s exchange rate, though prices have varied. Which means that they’re considerably cheaper than most live events. “I was pretty distressed about so many of my other concerts being postponed [and] cancelled that I really wanted to get my live music fix [in] some way,” says Erica Zamora, a 31-year-old fan in Texas who tuned in to over five concerts and spent around $150. “Honestly the cost of all of these added up is the cost of one of the refunds I received from a cancelled in-person concert that was supposed to happen in May, so, I really just switched how I was spending that live music money—at least that’s what I’m telling myself."

However, during a global crisis that has left many unemployed or struggling, some fans have felt the prices of the digital concerts aren’t necessarily feasible. Beyza E., a 23-year-old K-pop fan from Turkey, watched several concerts but expressed concern about how some fans were being priced out. “When a K-pop act comes to your country they try to adjust the ticket price in accordance with the market in that country. But digital concert prices are decided only considering the country the concert is taking place in - which is Korea for me because I watch K-pop concerts. I think that leaves fans from other countries who don't have the same market conditions and have big currency differences in a bitter situation. That price is too much to so many people especially for an online concert that you can't even get a true concert atmosphere from the computer screen in an age [where] there are tons of free content on [the] internet.”

Similarly, some fans expressed stress over the limitation of timezones. Since all the K-pop shows took place in Korea, for many fans they were taking place at inconvenient times, oftentimes during hours they’d typically be sleeping during.

Violette Buchou, a 23-year-old fan in France says she’s “attended” four concerts (quotation marks her own). She thinks the price issues were a point of stress for many fans, and wishes companies could have been more receptive to audience concerns. “Afterwards when I learned just how big the online audience were for these, I thought they could've lowered the price a bit because clearly all of their expenses were covered for and more since there wasn't a set number of tickets like you usually have for a live concert,” said Buchou, referencing how many concerts accrued six-digit audience sizes. “I've even come across people saying that you're not a real fan if you can't pay for the concert, can't save money for it, or even eat less for a few days to afford it! No matter what the price is it will always be too high for certain people and they shouldn't be made to feel bad about it. Everyone behind and in front of the camera is getting paid anyway!” Buchou added that those concerts which offered concertgoers video on demand (VOD) versions of the show post-event felt like a better deal than those which didn’t, though added that the ones that didn’t offer VOD typically were priced a bit lower.

Many of the teams putting on these concerts took apparent action against those who shared the live concerts to others, with events sometimes flashing user-based ID numbers on screens to ensure an individual’s stream could be traced back to their account. During several shows, audiences watching on social media platforms such as Twitch and Periscope would express frustration when a fan-run stream would go dark as companies seemingly targeted anyone sharing the event to others who weren’t paying. “I understand the companies' decision of having one standard price because that's the easiest but when I see the people who can't afford because of currency differences and go for illegal ways, I can't stop thinking if it would be possible for companies to give regional prices so more people get to watch the concert. It also helps the companies to fight with illegal streaming,” suggested Beyza as an alternative solution.

The divide between a true live, in-person event and digital ones is something many fans felt was one major detractor, with many who spoke with Forbes for this piece mentioning stars’ apparent discomfort at performing towards cameras solely without an audience. But this lack of liveness was something artists and fans worked to overcome in various ways, such as incorporating a video audience featured on-screen alongside performers, augmented reality elements, or by interacting frequently with chat messages fans sent their way. Zamora was even part of SuperM’s on-screen audience, and said that itself was a unique experience in bringing fans together. “There was a chat feature and there were people from over 15 countries in the audience all using the chat to talk to each other, sometimes with other fans translating for each other, that was pretty cool.”

For Gowri Gowda, a 20-year-old Monsta X fan in Canada, not being able to see the act’s tour live this year was a bit of a downer. “What I was really looking forward to with the in-person concert was being in a crowd of people who knew all the lyrics like I did and would go as crazy as I would, y'know? A chance to be a raging fangirl without having to give a ‘this is hyperbole; I am actually a functional member of society’ warning.”

During the live event, the chat function was one Gowda felt had its ups and downs, but overall helped enhance the event. “With the exception of when the members actually asked questions and were looking for answers, it felt like people were just using it to spam. Like, the text equivalent of screaming over a heartfelt confession to say ‘CAN YOU SAY HI TO CANADA.’ It calmed down by the end though, and it was really sweet when the chat ‘sang’ along to ‘Misbehave.’ Between that and Twitter, I had almost the exact ‘fangirl’ experience I was looking for.” Gowda added that the online option offers an accessible concert experience with a front row view in a way that is often impossible for many fans with disabilities, and that’s something that is important for many fans.

Overall, this feeling of belonging and togetherness often felt at concerts a notable lack from the experience for some viewers. “There are no fanchants,” Beyza reflected sadly, referring to the distinct element of K-pop performances where fans join together in coordinated call-and-return style chants along with artists’ songs. “That breaks my heart and makes the performances feel empty. [Before their concert] N.Flying asked fans to record the fanchant for their song ‘E-Yo’ and send them via email. They mixed the audios and played it during their concert. The difference between the performances without fanchants and with the fanchant in the same concert was so big! The existence of an audience makes concerts better.”

As corona continues, and digital concerts become more of a staple of the K-pop industry, there will likely be a larger range of events, some more focused on musical performances and some more focused on the way fans and artists interact. Though live performances are typically a venue where creators and audiences interact, these online concerts offer up an alternative for the digital age, creating a new paradigm that will likely impact the future of K-pop fan engagement beyond 2020. How fans respond to them will depend on how they continue to innovate, but for now at a time when humanity is being kept apart in order to sustain health, it’s an intriguing new way to come together across screens.

This article was updated on Sept. 3. The fan from Turkey’s name is Beyza, not Bezya as previously reported.Woojin has angered netizens with his recent denial of sexual harassment. He is now being accused of dishonesty and insensitivity.“For this album in particular, the septet took a step further and was involved not only in the music making process, but also in the overall production: concept, composition, design, etc.,” BigHit said. It “reflects the thoughts, emotions and deepest ruminations of BTS while working on the album. This new project offers an even richer musical spectrum experience as well as the most ‘BTS-ish’ music yet.”Local broadcaster MBC announced Thursday the name of 11 K-pop stars who will participate in a dog agility competition.



The lineup of the "2020 Idol Woof Woof Championship" includes MAMAMOO's Moonbyul, GOT7's Youngjae, Golden Child's Jaehyun and Bomin, (G)I-DLE's Shuhua, Lovelyz's Jisoo, Cosmic Girls' (WJSN) Soobin, Loona's HeeJin and Choerry, Kim Woo-seok and former Wonder Girls member Yubin. 



It is the first time a Korean entertainment program has featured a dog agility competition, in which a handler directs the animal through an obstacle course without touching or offering the dog incentives like food.



"For two months of training, the stars and their dogs interacted closely and made good memories," MBS said. "Some dogs showed potential to become dog-agility professionals."



The show will air in fall, but the exact date has not been set.K-pop, once limited to South Korea, is now a global phenomenon.

Catchy and trendy music by K-pop groups like Blackpink, BIGBANG, BTS to name a few have made a mark on fans and reached every corner of the planet. The catchy tunes and quirky music videos rake in millions of views, smashing Billboard records.

One fan of K-pop from Brazil called Emanuel recently got the surprise of her life on her birthday which was supposed to be themed around her favourite K-Pop bands, after her brother was made in-charge to decorate her special day party.

Except, her brother, Vitor de Souza had no idea about the K-pop world so he decided to improvise adapt overcome with a nifty li'l party trick.

Also Read: PUBG Mobile Just Hinted a Collaboration With K-Pop Girl Group 'BlackPink'. How You Like That?

Vitor surprised his sister with a Korean theme, yes, only it was North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un plastered all over the room. Vitor designed a poster of a smiling Kim Jong donning a birthday cap. The cake too had tiny cutouts of Kim Jong snapped in different poses. Ironically, K-pop is banned in North Korea.

Did his sister Emanuel like the surprise? Her brother claimed so.

Sharing the photos of her sister's unique birthday party, Vitor wrote: "Hoje é aniversário da minha irmã, ela é fã de K-pop, fiquei por conta da decoração, como eu não conheço essas bandas, fiz o tema do Coreano mais famoso que eu conhecia. Ela amou. (Today is my sister's birthday, she is a fan of K-pop, I was in charge of the decoration, as I don't know these bands, I made the most famous Korean theme I knew. She loved.)"

The post instantly went viral garnering nearly 70K shares on Facebook, leaving netizens amused.

Also Read: Kim Jong Un 'Mocking' Death Frequently Has Given Internet New Life With Memes

Earlier last month, reports had surfaced again that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has slipped into a coma after health complications and that his sister Kim Yo Jong was set to take reins of the country.Ben&Ben have released a second episode of their video series BBTV collecting covers of K-pop songs by BTS, GOT7, EXO and more.

The Filipino band released a popular first episode of K-pop covers in August, which at over 800,000 views currently has the most number of views of any BBTV episode thus far. So it’s not surprising that the group would go for round two.

For the second episode, they arranged and performed snippets of ‘Home’ by Seventeen, ‘Not By The Moon’ by GOT7, ‘Baby Don’t Cry’ by EXO, ‘Reveal’ by The Boyz and ‘Eight’ by IU featuring Suga of BTS. They concluded with BTS’ recent blockbuster English-language single ‘Dynamite’, which they named as one of their favourite tracks at the moment.

Watch the indie-folk outfit put their own loungey spin on those songs below:

Ben&Ben launched BBTV at the end of July as a thank you to fans after hitting the million-subscriber mark on their YouTube channel. Besides the K-pop covers, they’ve also undertaken an OPM covers challenge and dipped their toes into folk dance for the series.

Ben&Ben released their latest song ‘Nakikinig Ka Ba Sa Akin’ in July, and last week announced they would be donating proceeds earned from the track to retrenched employees of the network ABS-CBN through its non-profit organisation Lingkod Kapamilya.

“The band’s goal in releasing the song has always been to be of service to retrenched employees of ABS-CBN,” they wrote on Instagram.

ABS-CBN – a broadcaster critical of the Duterte administration – had lost its free-to-air licence in May, which dealt a blow to their advertising revenue. As a result, the network has cut its operations, laying off hundreds of employees and as the South China Morning Post reports, closing regional stations that served remote communities.

Ben&Ben also won a number of titles at the 33rd Awit Awards, which took place this past weekend, including Favourite Song Of The Year and Best Performance By A Group Recording Artist.MANILA, Philippines — Probably one of the most exciting things that happened last month is for Ben&Ben to launch their new vlog series “BBTV.”

Even way before the lockdown, the nine-piece folk pop band has been capitalizing on their YouTube channel with over one million subscribers to promote their new songs.

But with live concerts and gigs currently suspended under the general community quarantine (GCQ), the band decided to hop on a new creative avocation by covering hit tracks originally sung by South Korean girl and boy groups such as NCT Dream, Day 6, GOT7, Twice, Red Velvet and BTS.

As seen on their vlog’s pilot episode, co-vocalist Paolo Guico said that their fans have been asking their K-pop idols to check out Ben&Ben songs during their livestream on Instagram.

One good example is GOT7 member BamBam’s reaction after listening to Ben&Ben’s “Leaves,” praising the band for their cool and underrated sound.

“Thank you so much guys for recommending Ben&Ben, I’ll add them to my playlist,” shared BamBam during an Instagram live video.

In return, the band decided to do K-pop covers at the request of their fans.

“So many of our listeners have been telling us these past few weeks, ‘please do covers of K-pop songs or do a collab with whoever,’ and I was thinking, sige na nga (okay fine) and here we are,” shared Ben&Ben’s percussionist Andrew de Pano.

Despite the band’s hesitation on covering K-pop songs with Paolo saying, “Sorry to those who can understand Korean. We really don’t speak the language but we tried our best,” their efforts seem to be getting a lot of positive feedback from Filipinos and Koreans alike.

One Korean fan, Hyein Mun, commented on their video: “I’m a Korean living in the Philippines, and Ben&Ben is my favorite Filipino band. It’s so amazing to see Kpop artists and filipino musicians recognizing each other’s talent and covering songs of one another.”

“It’s even more amazing to see you singing in Korean. There are english versions of the songs but you chose to sing them in korean, just the way they are, so thankful for that because there are those who often think that when songs are written in a foreign language that they don’t understand, these songs are just noise. But thank you so much for proving them wrong,” she added.

What started out as a simple gesture of giving back to their supportive listeners has now become a regular virtual gig for Ben&Ben, and who knows, they might surprise their fans one day with a K-pop collaboration.

Ben&Ben’s BBTV series is currently on episode 5, releasing their own take on Seventeen’s “Home,” GOT7’s “Not by the Moon,” EXO’s “Baby Don’t Cry,” The Boyz’s “Reveal,” IU x Suga’s “Eight,” and BTS’s chart-topping song "Dynamite." The said episode now has over 300,000 views as of this writing.

Ben&Ben performs live on YouTube to raise funds for COVID-19 response effortsAward-winning folk-pop band Ben&Ben has temporarily withdrawn their proposed fandom name “Lights” shortly after their big reveal as K-pop fans pointed out that a fandom of the same name already exists.

The nine-piece band took to their social media accounts yesterday, Sept. 3, to apologize for the “confusion and dismay” brought about by their decision.

“[Hello. We] have decided to suspend our fandom name ‘Lights’ until further notice, as many have informed us that there is already an existing K-pop fandom with the same name,” Ben&Ben posted on Facebook.

“[We] apologize for the confusion and dismay that this has caused to the parties involved,” the group added.

The band also disclosed that they “did not realize that it may cause trouble” as they are an OPM band, while the existing “Lights” fandom is for the K-pop group Highlight, which was formerly known as Beast.

“[We] hold high respect for K-pop culture and K-pop fandoms. [The] band management will settle this matter immediately,” Ben&Ben noted.

Just hours before the apology, Ben&Ben announced their decision to call their fandom “Lights,” which they said they got from their debut album “Limasawa Street,” as “Limasawa” means “a place of Light.”

“[It] has been a good three years with all of you. we are forever thankful. [So] today, we are naming the official Ben&Ben Fandom, ‘Lights,'” the band posted on Twitter yesterday afternoon.

“We are naming the fandom ‘Lights’ because it reminds us that we can be bearers of hope in these dark times. [We] can be Lights to others. [And] we can do so by being united in soaring higher together!” the band added in the following tweet.

A number of K-pop fans then replied to Ben&Ben’s announcement, asking the OPM band to change their proposed fandom name. For one, Twitter user @dysnis noted that the K-pop fandom has been using the name for three years already.

“Please consider to change your fandom name because “Light” is very meaningful for us fans… we are ‘LIGHT'” because of ‘HIGHLIGHT,'” the fan said.

Another fan with the Twitter handle @KCAbelinde also asked Ben&Ben to rename their fandom, tweeting, “Hi, please be informed.. taken na po ang LIGHTS na fandom name, i hope you consider renaming yours coz who wants to be a duplicate right?”

Twitter user @itsyourfans likewise asked the band to rename and stressed that fandom names are important for K-pop fans.

“Dear @BenAndBenMusic, we truly respect and understand you guys sincerity towards your fans. Unfortunately, as [K-pop] fans and fans of kpop group ‘Highlight’ we need to clear this with you,” the fan said.

“We are fans from a [K-pop] group called Highlight. We had given a fandom name for the group and being called as Lights since 2017. A fandom name are really important to us. It does mean we have our own family and make us feel the loves from our [K-pop] idol. I think you know [that] too (sic),” the Twitter user added in another tweet.

Following Ben&Ben’s decision to withdraw the fandom name, a number of fans suggested that they rename it to its Filipino counterpart, “Liwanag” or “Ilaw.”

For one, Twitter user @ivos_bnb_sb19_2 tweeted, “I think, we can change it to ‘Ilaw’ or ‘Liwanag’ instead of ‘Lights’?” a suggestion a number of fans agreed to.

“LETS GO FOR “LIWANAG” KASI ANG MUSIKA NIYO ANG NAGBIBIGAY SA LIWANAG SA MGA PILIPINO,” Twitter user @nuneobingu, meanwhile, tweeted.

Ben&Ben, admittedly fans of K-pop themselves, has lately been covering K-pop songs through their YouTube channel. They also went trending in South Korea and even topped charts of a streaming site in that country last July. /ra

Ben&Ben reaches 1M subs on YouTube, promises to cover K-pop songs in new ‘BBTV’ seriesFrom BTS to BLACKPINK, how well do you know K-pop? Test your knowledge with this quizMade up of leader Gyeongmin, visual and lead vocalist Nia, main vocalist Miriam, rapper Sally, and main dancer Eunbyeol, PRISMA, are slated to make their debut this October with their first single and music video.

On their upcoming debut, the girls said, "We are so excited to finally release our debut single and music video, filmed in Seoul, next month. We'd like to thank all of our followers for their amazing support of our pre-debut journey so far!"

True to UnionWave Entertainment's goal to create a "deep cultural link between Europe and Asia“, PRISMA's members come from South Korea, Italy, Spain, and the US.

According to the group's official Instagram account, a secret member will be revealed on September 5.With their new music video for "Favorite Boys," A.C.E. delves viewers into a world that melds modernity with antiquity, masculinity with femininity, darkness with light, East with West through stunning hair and makeup. Sure, the song is catchy, but the K-pop group also hopes to grip you through every second of it with these contrasts and stunning beauty moments. "You'll see Jun and Chan wearing hanbok [traditional Korean suits] with very feminine hair and makeup but with manly voices," member Kim Byeongkwan explains to Allure. (And that's just one of many examples.)

After performing "Favorite Boys" on a Korean TV show, A.C.E. sat down in their practice room to chat with Allure via Zoom. By then, they'd taken off the white floral hanboks they layered over rock band T-shirts (Chan in Babymetal, Donghun in Oasis), but all of their lids still coordinated with the same shade of rosy-pink eye shadow. It's a subtle reminder of how their imaginary world can exist in this very real world we were meeting in. After talking to A.C.E., I realize this was intentional. "Everything for this album — the music video, fashion, makeup, hair — is a fantasy that we can have in everyday life," says Jun, the leader of the group.

Since debuting in 2017, the K-pop group has been lauded for defying beauty and fashion-related gender stereotypes, and "Favorite Boys" continues to prove that doing so is intrinsic to A.C.E. and not just a phase. “We don't think there are specific lines between masculine and feminine styles,” Byeongkwan admits. "We just try what fits us. That's all."

Within a minute of “Favorite Boys," you can see just that in action. First, you can catch the group's youngest member, Chan, pairing glossy crimson eye makeup, raspberry-tinted lips, and pearl earrings with a black baseball cap. Makeup, like this, amplifies his facial expressions, he says.The remaining months of 2020 will be tough but exciting for both future idols and fans!

It is not surprising for most fans that K-Pop debuts happen almost every month. Despite the global pandemic, these future groups that we will be mentioning, has been receiving great attention.

And now that year-end awards are just around the corner, the competition will be tougher, most especially, with a large number of rookie groups rivaling for the title “Rookie of The Year”.

Winning fans’ hearts and gaining public’s attention will be even challenging. There are some who already have a solid number of fans even before debut. While there will be others who need to pave their path to stardom. Groups like TREASURE, CRAVITY, MCND, and TOO would probably be the most popular debuts of 2020.

However, there are still remaining rookie groups that have yet to unleash what they’ve got. So, here’s a list of promising K-Pop groups that will debut in the last half of the year:

Consisting of nine equally talented and charming members, GHOST9, from Maroo Entertainment, will make their debut on September 23. Along with their most-awaited launch, the group will be releasing their first mini album PRE EPISODE 1: DOOR, with the title track “Think of Dawn”.

Members include Lee Jin Woo, Lee Tae Seung, and Lee Woo Jiin, who has gained fame in Produce X 101, and debuted as a unit group TEEN TEEN.

Completing its nine member lineup are Hwang Dong Jun, Son Jun Hyung – who both joined MIXNINE; Lee Shin, Choi Jun Seong (Produce X 101), Lee Kang Sung, and the Thai member Prince.
• GHOST9 To Reveal Exciting Performances Via Debut Showcase On Mnet

Home of the famous idol groups INFINITE, Golden Child and LOVELYZ, Woollim Entertainment is launching a new boy group called DRIPPIN.

Although the specific debut date have yet to announced, the members – Cha Jun Ho (former X1 member), Hwang Yun Seong, Lee Hyeop, Kim Dong Yun, Kim Min Seo, Joo Chang Wook, who all gained public attention in Produce X 101, and the newly-introduced member Alex, are currently in preparations for their October arrival.

Taking pride on their name as “DRIPPIN”, which pertains to being cool, the group promises to stay true to their title by presenting awesome image and performances.
• DRIPPIN Drops More Enchanting Teasers For Upcoming Debut In October

Managed by OUI Entertainment, the six-member group WEi, will make their grand entrance in the K-Pop scene on October 5, along with their album IDENTITY: First Sight.

WEi members consist of Kim Yo Han (former X1 member), and Kang Seok Hwa, who both compete for Produce X 101, Kim Dong Han, Jang Dae Hyun, Yoo Yong Ha, and Kim Jun Seo.

Further raising fans’ anticipation for their debut, the four members (Kim Yo Han, Kang Seok Hwa, Kim Dong Han, Jang Dae Hyun) showcased their fun sides in their own reality program called OUI GO UP. They were later joined by the new members, Yoo Yong Ha and Kim Jun Seo.
• WEi Unveils Final Date + Intriguing Teasers For Grand Debut With “IDENTITY: FIRST SIGHT”

P1Harmony, a six-member boy group from FNC Entertainment, will be making their dramatic entrance into the K-Pop world in October. They are the first boy group to debut in four years under FNC Entertainment following SF9.

To grandly introduce the group, P1Harmony members Keeho, Theo, Jiung, Intak, Soul, and Jongseob, starred in their own sci-fi action flick project P1H: A New World Begins. The film will hit local theaters on October 8.
• FNC Entertainment Introduces New Boy Group To Debut This October

Formed through the survival program I-LAND, ENHYPEN will be joining the fierce lineup of rookie boy groups debuting this year. The members are comprised of Lee Heesung, Jay, Jake, Park Sunghoon, Yang Jungwon, Niki, and Kim Sunoo. They will be managed by Belift Lab, a joint venture between Big Hit Entertainment and CJ ENM, established in March 2019. Befitting the purpose of punctuation mark “hyphen”, ENHYPEN will be joint as one and they will discover each other through their special connection. Their general producer, Bang Si Hyuk, said, “As a great artist, I made the team name having in mind that they will become someone that people from different generations and divided worlds can connect to.”
• The Finale Of “I-LAND” Culminates To The Debut Of ENHYPEN

Which group/s are you anticipating the most? Tell us your thoughts by commenting down below!Ahead of their new two-track release The First Step: Chapter Two on Sep. 18, TREASURE met with Billboard Korea to share their stories about their debut and new album.

It has been two years since the reality-survival program YG Treasure Box ended. When did it sink in that you’ve actually made it this far?

Haruto: It really hit me when I saw the fancams of us on stage on YouTube.

Hyunsuk: For me, it was at the ending of the live music show, where we stood among all the sunbae [veteran] artists. It really felt like I’d made it.

Yedam: I was looking at the camera during the performance and it really felt like I was a singer. There were a lot of mixed feelings.

Video clips of TREASURE, including your recent interview with Billboard Korea and even the pre-debut content, have been gaining popularity. Do you ever read the fans’ comments on those clips?

Jihoon: I try as much as I can. I particularly remember the ones who commented on our debut stage clip saying, “Good job.”

Hyunsuk: Same here. I’m so touched by those kinds of comments. It’s just a few words but they’re such meaningful messages.

Jihoon: Comments like “great work” and “keep it up” are just so encouraging for us.

Yedam: The heartfelt cheers are always a great source of energy.

The First Step: Chapter Two was released just one month after Chapter One. It must not be easy, working on a new release while keeping up with an intense schedule related to the first.

Yedam: It’s not. But we’re doing this for our fans that have been waiting for us, and we want to perform as much as we can. We’ve been working on [Chapter Two] for quite a while, so it’s definitely manageable.

What do you feel is the biggest difference between the two lead singles, Chapter One’s “Boy” and Chapter Two’s “I Love You”?

Hyunsuk: As you can take a hint from the name, it’s a sequel of our first album. I’d say [the single “I Love You” is] a lot more passionate than “Boy.” You will definitely find the sound more mature.

Jihoon: I’d say the choreography [in the video for] “I Love You” is also much more difficult than ‘“Boy.” I personally like the ending.

Hyunsuk: There’s a very dynamic part of the choreography during the chorus. The dance, the vocals and the overall sound are all very sassy and powerful.

Jihoon: Yes, the ending is very catchy as well. All of us do the finger hearts in the end, following the powerful and energetic performance.

Hyunsuk: From a lyrical perspective, with “Boy,” the message we were conveying was more gentle, whereas with “I Love You,” we’re making a much stronger impression with, “Open up to me! I love you!”The follow-up to SuperM’s debut self-titled EP (a No.1 on the Billboard chart), Super One proves the group has found its footing. In a global press roundtable, Taeyong, the leader of NCT 127 and SuperM's chameleonic rapper, said that he feels “everything was a step to build up to what we have now.” The album’s 15 tracks are a bit more eclectic than their predecessors — so in listening, Super One can feel a bit less cohesive than the EP — but it works when you consider the aim of the work as a whole. Instead of making each member fit into one specific sonic mold, it bends and gives to form a unique shape around each track and the distinctive texture of each member. Industry vet Taemin said that the members were able to play to their strengths “way better than we did initially [on the SuperM EP], with this album we’re able to experiment more and try out different genres and see how it comes together.”The members of one of the world’s most successful pop groups are about to become multi-millionaires as their fans around the world clamour to buy shares in their business.

The management company behindthe South Korean boy band BTS is going public next month, and demand for shares is as intense as for the group’s songs. Initial demand exceeds supply more than a thousand times, and the band’s seven members stand to find themselves worth close to £6 million each.

As the most successful exponents of what is known as K-Pop, BTS have overcome great obstacles to achieving global success. Apart from a few English phrases, they sing in Korean. Despite the roots of their music in American hip-hop and rap, they cultivate an imageIt looks like there is some good news for Player Unknown's Battlegrounds (PUBG) players. In a recent tweet, the popular game has hinted towards a collaboration with the K-pop band BlackPink.

In a tweet, the brand shared a pink colour-themed graphic. In the snap, one can see pink hair and pink sunglasses. However, in the reflection of the glasses, the battleground is clearly visible. Captioning the tweet, they said, “Guess who is coming.”

From the graphic, it is difficult to guess who the person is since the snap is too zoomed in. However, some users have done a bit of guesswork in the comments. A person wrote, “It reminds me of Lalisa Manoban. Besides, the bang is a giveaway.”

Another person wrote that the woman in the picture is BlackPink’s Jennie. She tweeted, “I think it's Jennie from BLACKPINK”

Take a look at some other people who made a guess:

Meanwhile, a fan page of the popular band too has shared screenshots of posts from PUBG’s official handle. Captioning the post they said, “PUBG MOBILE teases a potential collaboration with @BLACKPINK on Instagram and Twitter. “There’s a partnership coming to your area…”

For the unversed, BlackPink is a South Korean girl band that has been formed by YG Entertainment. The members of the band include Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa. The band made its debut in August 2016 with their single album titled Square One.

Meanwhile, the government of India recently announced a ban on PUBG. The decision came in after the Indian government released an order to ban 118 Chinese apps in the country. After the ban, it is illegal to download or update the game via official and unofficial methods in India.Taemin is back and better than ever. While in the midst of a comeback with K-pop group SuperM, Taemin is also releasing music as part of a solo comeback. On Sept. 7, the singer released a music video for his new single “Criminal” along with his album Never Gonna Dance Again : Act 1.

Taemin’s album release is split up into multiple parts

On Aug. 4, the Korean singer released his promotional single “2 KIDS” along with an accompanying music video. The single served as a prologue to Taemin’s album Never Gonna Dance Again. Following the prologue with “2 KIDS,” the album is split into two separate parts.

Never Gonna Dance Again : Act 1 was released on Sept. 7. The first part of the album features nine songs: “Criminal,” “Black Rose (feat. Kid milli),” “Strangers,” “Waiting For,” “Famous (Korean Version),” “Clockwork,” “Just Me and You,” “Nemo,” and “2 KIDS.”

‘Criminal’ is one of the best songs Taemin has ever released

Taemin is one of the biggest stars in K-pop. He debuted in the group Shinee in 2008 when he was only 14 years old. Since his debut, Taemin has regularly put out solo work, promoted with Shinee, and joined SM Entertainment’s group SuperM.

Over the years, Taemin has developed his artistry and evolved. In doing so, fans simultaneously know what to expect from the singer while still being surprised by what Taemin is able to pull off with each comeback. Every album is a turning point that brings something new.

Taemin released a music video for “Criminal” along with the first part of his new album, and it is easily one of the best things he has ever done. The music video has a dark and captivating aesthetic, and his harmonization in the last chorus accentuates the song’s allusion to Stockholm syndrome.

“So elegant, a Criminal who hurts me / It’s okay You soothe me just to torture me again / Ooh I’m on a leash called you / It’s painful as much as I can’t breathe but also magnificent,” he sings in the chorus.

On Twitter, “taemin” began trending after the music video’s release. Fans love everything about the “Criminal” music video, from the aesthetic to Taemin’s dance moves.

“press your number crawled, move walked, and want jogged so criminal could run the ace of kpop just Did That,” a Reddit user wrote.

One Reddit user wrote, “2 Kids was a nice moment but this is the moody and dramatic Taemin that is absolutely one of a kind in the industry. I really couldn’t have asked for more, man. It’s pure, distilled, Taemin and I love it. I can already tell this song has a lot of staying power, I’ll be listening to this for years.”

“It… really is not what I expected? I read what Taemin said about the song’s theme, but the vulnerability before the last chorus, how small his voice sounded, the hypnotic refrain! It caught me by surprise. Even the video felt claustrophobic, suffocating. Then the cathartic surrender in the last part of the song, my heart was aching. That’s why Taemin is a true artist,” another Reddit user posted.But when he was approached by Korean talent management company, JYP, to audition for a group they were putting together. It is not something you would expect a future Olympian to consider but on a whim, Jackson decided “why not?” turning down a scholarship to Stanford in the process.

“I told myself, ‘Why not just give it a try? I have nothing to lose,’” he is quoted as saying in previous interviews.

Taking that approach has worked out well for him. Jackson has always had a clear goal – “to make history.” While he chose not to do it in the sporting arena, he may well be on his way to achieving it in numerous other areas. He is now a solo artist, TV star and designer with a fashionable reputation that has a legion of loyal followers. At last count, he had 18.4 million followers on Instagram; 23.2 million fans on Weibo; 10.3 million followers on Tik Tok; 1.4 million followers on Twitter and 2.09 million subscribers on You Tube. Jackson has also delved into entrepreneurship, setting up his own label “TEAMWANG” in 2017. In fact, he attributes this as being his biggest achievement to date.

“I always had this idea in mind,” he says, referring to the start of his career. “I kept looking for opportunities when things didn’t work out. After debuting, I seized every chance I had on camera, only because there weren’t a lot of chances for me. Chance never waits,” he says, adding he is someone who is always prepared for a fight.What’s become increasingly clear in recent years is that the world has gone into a K-Pop frenzy. Today, there are plenty of K-Pop collaborations with North American artists. At the same time, artists such as Lady Gaga even features K-Pop vibes in her own music. Indeed, the K-Pop brand of entertainment has taken over the globe. And for streaming giant Netflix, capitalizing on the K-content means they’re essentially giving subscribers what they want.

Take A Look At Netflix’s Current K-Pop Slate

If you can’t get enough of K-content, Netflix has certainly got you covered. It doesn’t matter whether you’re into romance, dramedies, thrillers or action. One of the Netflix’s original Korean series is Kingdom, which ran for two seasons. Meanwhile, other popular Korean dramas available to stream include Crash Landing on You, Signal, Prison Playbook, When the Camellia Blooms, Mr. Sunshine, and Itaewon Class. As for films, there’s Pandora, Forgotten, Lucid Dream, Tune in for Love, High Society, The Drug King and many others.

Netflix Has Been Testing The Waters In Korea For Some Time Now

In the beginning, there was no way of gauging how well Korean dramas are doing on Netflix. Nonetheless, the company remained optimistic. “When we started three years ago, we had a high degree of confidence that Korean drama would work well in Asia, but we had no internal metrics of our own,” Netflix Korean content director Kim Minyoung explained to Variety in a 2019 interview. “Now that we do have the data, our task is to find titles that both address existing Korean drama franchises and draw in new audiences.”Kim also explained that Netflix has been determined to strengthen its presence in Korea, which includes working with local television stations and production companies. Kim added, “We are building a team of experts in Korea who are helping Korean content and creators get into the global spotlight.”

If you must know, Netflix didn’t exactly do well in Korea when it first entered the market. However, according to allkpop, the company managed to grow its subscriber base after releasing Okja in June 2017. And with the growing current demand today, increasing its commitment to K-content is undoubtedly the right move.

For Netflix, Providing More K-Content Makes A Lot Of Sense

“K-content is also popular globally, and we're investing heavily in Korean stories,” the company revealed in its shareholder letter for Q4 2019. Netflix’s investment comes in the form of a partnership with a major Korean studio.

“In this past quarter, we inked a TV output deal with JTBC, a leading Korean media company, and a strategic partnership with CJ ENM’s Studio Dragon, Korea’s largest TV studio,” Netflix also stated in its shareholder letter. “These deals will enable us to bring more K-dramas to fans all over the world.”

Meanwhile, in a press statement, Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos, remarked, “This partnership with CJ ENM and Studio Dragon demonstrates our commitment to Korean entertainment and allows us to bring more top-tier Korean drama to Netflix members in Korea and all over the world.” The deal also means that CJ ENM would to right to sell as much as 4.99 percent of Studio Dragon shares to the streaming giant.Over the years, Netflix has already released some of Studio Dragon’s, including Mr. Sunshine, Romance is a Bonus Book, Hi Bye, Mama!, and Stranger. The company is also behind the hit Netflix favorite Crash Landing on You. In addition, the studio also collaborated with the streaming giant for the Netflix K-drama Love Alarm.

For Netflix, Studio Dragon has also produced an upcoming show called Start-Up. The series revolves around a group of people pursuing their dreams in start-up companies. According to Netflix, Start-Up is set to premiere this October.

One of Netflix’s most highly anticipated K-Pop films is a documentary that focuses on the lives of South Korean music sensation BLACKPINK. Directed by Caroline Suh, BLACKPINK: Light Up the Sky provides never-before-seen-footage of members Lisa, Jennie, Jisoo, and Rosé. Fans will get to see a glimpse of the women during training days. In addition, the documentary would also offer a first look of the group’s recording process as they work on their follow up album. Overall, you can expect the film to reveal some things you didn’t know about BLACKPINK.

In a press statement, Netflix vice president of Documentary Features Adam Del Deo remarked, “Director Caroline Suh’s trusted relationship with Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa offers organic and honest moments that give viewers an authentic inside look into the lives of BLACKPINK, as well as the dedication and grueling preparation each member puts into every hit song, history-making performance and sold-out arena tour.”

Aside from this, Netflix has also confirmed that it is working on a new Korean sci-fi mystery thriller entitled The Silent Sea. The futuristic film stars Korean actor Gong Yoo who rose to fame after starring in the Korean thriller Train to Busan. The film will be released exclusively on Netflix.

NEXT: What Blackpink Song Are You Based On Your Zodiac SignThere is a lot going on in the K-pop world today, and it's all very disturbing. Earlier today, it was reported that former Stray Kids band member Kim Woojin was accused of sexual assault . Although Woojin denied the claims, the K-pop community is extremely shook — and some took it as an opportunity to falsely claim that other K-pop stars had also sexually assaulted women — only they later admitted they were lying. Basically, the Woojin scandal led to someone on Twitter claiming Jeon Jungkook sexually assaulted them, and other false claims followed.

On the evening of September 8, a Twitter user wrote, "I was molested by Jungkook of BTS on April 25 in Itaewon." Later, they tweeted, "Payback for being so quick to cancel Jungwoo last night," "i literally lied periodt," and "idek them but i lied lol stop believing random accs you f**ing idiots." Kim Jungwoo is a member of NCT, and has also been accused of sexual assault. In general, there's a lot of confusion and pointing fingers, and people are angry because the misdirection is steering the focus away from the real victims and their stories. And this could be extremely damaging.

While nothing has been confirmed, it seems like Woojin has been the only one legitimately accused of sexual assault. No other K-pop star, at this time, has been accused of sexual assault (this includes Jungwoo, Taeyong, Cha eun, and Jungkook). A tweet from @yoonglesenpai says, "The victim CONFIRMED it was woojin only people don't believe rumours and if you saw something not coming from the ORIGINAL VICTIM REPORT."

Twitter user @morgan_mariexx took to the platform expressing their horror over the situation. "It's sickening that someone spread this false claim over KPOP. Like what the hell? That's disgusting and it ruins the chance for people who have actually been assaulted to have their voices heard and believed. BigHit also doesn't take sh*t like this lightly." They were the ones who shared the screenshots of the Twitter user "claiming" to have been molested by Jungkook only to tweet 20 minutes later that they lied on purpose to stir up drama.



@Morgan_mariexx added, "Adding to this thread that this girl isn't even an nctzen and wrongly used Jungwoo's name to cause issues. As far as I know he has done nothing wrong! I shared this ss to clear up anyone thinking both of these guys were involved, because I saw MANY thinking they were."

Reminder: It's not okay to falsify a claim this serious as a way to "get back" at a fandom. It's not okay to falsify any claim against a person when you know that it's not true and that a lie like this could not only hurt their reputation, but delegitimize the claims of real victims and survivors coming forward with their true stories. As a community — whether or not it's the K-pop community — we need to champion survivors who are brave enough to come forward about their horrifying experiences, so that justice can be served.

Hopefully a true investigation is underway in regard to the claims made against Woojin, and we deeply hope the victims feel protected and supported.

If you need support, The National Sexual Assault Hotline is available 24/7 at 1-800-656-4673. You will be connected with a trained staff member in your area. Or visit RAINN.org to chat online with a support specialist at any time.Lagi-lagi, dunia hiburan Korea memberikan kabar mengejutkan untuk penggemar. Sebuah grup Kpop yang debut pada tahun 2007 ini terlibat kasus di luar negeri, sampai diperiksa oleh pihak kepolisian setempat.

Dilaporkan oleh sebuah stasiun televisi MBC 'Newsdesk', grup Kpop tersebut digambarkan sebagai gup yang lebih populer di Jepang sekitar 10 tahun silam dan menduduki tangga lagu Oricon chart beberapa kali. Hmm, siapakah grup Kpop tersebut? Lalu, siapa anggota yang terlibat dalam kasus tersebut, hingga menyeret nama mereka ke ranah hukum? Cari tahu infonya di bawah ini, Bela.

Pada 14 September 2020, waktu Korea dari program berita MBC dilaporkan bahwa dua anggota grup pria Kpop, berusia 30 tahun diketahui melakukan perjudian ilegal Bakarat di kasino Filipina pada 2016-2018 silam. Satu di antara dua anggota Kpop tersebut juga menghadapi dakwaan perjudian online domestik ilegal. Mereka memasang taruhan hingga 50 juta won atau senilai Rp628,4 juta ketika berkunjung ke Filipina. Karena aksi ilegalnya itu, dua anggota grup Kpop tersebut menjalani pemeriksaan di unit investigasi Badan Kepolisian Metropolitan Incheon. Saat proses interogasi berlangsung, mereka mengelak jika kepergiannya ke Filipina untuk tujuan berjudi. Tetapi, mereka mengakui secara tidak sengaja berjudi ketika sesampainya di sana.

Terungkap dua anggota yang terlibat perjudian Ketika diberitakan, seorang pembawa berita MBC memberikan petunjuk siapa idol yang terlibat kasus perjudian tersebut. Dikabarkan, kedua anggota grup ini lebih aktif di Jepang, nggak hanya sebagai penyanyi, tetapi juga merambah ke dunia akting. Selain itu, pihak stasiun televisi juga membeberkan informasi penting bahwa salah satu dari anggota yang terlibat pernah dinyatakan positif terjangkit COVID-19, saat melakukan kontak dengan seorang pekerja hiburan dewasa. Penggemar yang sempat bertanya-tanya siapa idol Kpop yang dimaksud, akhirnya menemukan jawabannya pada 15 September 2020, kalau grup Kpop tersebut adalah Supernova. Sementara, anggota yang terseret kasus hukum adalah Yoon Hak dan Sungje. Keduanya berurusan dengan pihak polisi setelah berjudi dengan uang senilai 7 juta won dan hingga 50 juta won.

Agensi dan anggota Supernova meminta maaf Tak lama setelah kabar ini mencuat ke media, pihak agensi yang menaungi Supernova merilis pernyataan resmi, "Kami ingin meminta maaf kepada para penggemar karena menyebabkan kekhawatiran, akibat tindakan ceroboh dari anggota Supernova Yoon Hak dan Sungje. Yoonhak dan Sungje saat ini sangat menyesali dan merenungkan tindakan ceroboh mereka, karena keputusan yang tidak masuk akal saat berlibur" Nggak hanya agensi yang meminta maaf, tetapi dari anggota Supernova juga menulis permintaan maaf secara resmi, "Kami sangat minta maaf karena menimbulkan kekhawatiran. Tidak hanya kepada penggemar, tetapi juga banyak afiliasi yang kami kecewakan melalui berita ini. Sekali lagi, kami menyadari bahwa ada tanggung jawab besar yang mesti kami tanggung atas setiap tindakan kami sebagai publik figur. Kami akan bertanggung jawab di setiap tindakan kami mulai dari sekarang. Sekali lagi, kami mohon maaf.” Kendati telah meminta maaf, tetapi pihak kepolisian masih terus menyelidiki dan mendalami kasus perjudian yang menimpa grup Supernova ini. Pihak kepolisian tengah mencari tahu, apakah ada orang lain yang turut terlibat dalam perjudian tersebut. Sementara dari sudut pandang hukum Korea, dinyatakan setiap warga negara dari negara tersebut dilarang berjudi, apakah itu di dalam negeri atau di luar negeri. Hanya ada satu kasino di dunia yang dilegalkan untuk orang Korea yaitu Kangwon Land. Jika ketahuan berjudi di tempat lain, pelanggar bakal mendapat denda hingga million 20 juta won atau 3 tahun penjara. Wah, semoga kasus perjudian yang melibatkan grup Supernova bisa menjadi pengingat untuk tidak melewati batasan hukum yang berlaku, baik di negara sendiri maupun di negara orang lain, ya, Bela. Baca Juga: 5 Fakta Kasus Penangkapan Rhea Chakraborty yang Hebohkan Publik Baca Juga: Ini 6 Selebritas Tanah Air yang Terjerat Kasus Narkoba di Masa Pandemi Baca Juga: 7 Kasus Serius yang Menimpa Pemain Serial ‘Glee’, Karena Kutukan?SINGAPORE - Who will be the next global sensation in K-pop? It may be hard to predict as the fiercely competitive South Korean music industry debuts dozens of boy bands and girl groups annually, but Ms Kim Yeon-jeong has a good guess, with data to back it up.

The head of global K-pop partnerships at social media giant Twitter says in a Zoom video call with The Straits Times from Seoul that she has her eye on the eight-piece boy band Stray Kids.For K-pop superstars BTS, 2020 is turning out to be a good year, with the group becoming the first Korean act to debut at No.1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.

The group's first English-language song, Dynamite logged nearly 34 million US streams and 300,000 sales in its first week - the biggest digital sales week for any artist in nearly three years.

"It feels like real, but still like a little unreal at the same time because we cannot meet our fans, we cannot go to some kind of award or performance," said RM, the South Korean rapper, songwriter and frontman of BTS.

"It's like, we're so grateful but ... we're so sad at the same time," he said.

Since their 2013 debut, the South Korean boy band has surfed the global K-pop craze to dizzying heights. When asked why they succeeded over the countless other K-pop groups, the members are unsure.

"All I know is that we came together and did the best we could. That's all it is, and before we knew it, we reached a height that we never had imagined," said Jimin.

But with much success comes pressure.

"It would be a lie to say it's not a burden. But personally, I think an appropriate amount is good for us. We just see it as one of the burdens we must carry," said J-Hope.

The last goal for the seven-member group is to snag a Grammy nomination and win, though they question whether there is a place for them in the United States.

"Grammy solo performance or nomination is like one of our last dreams. So, we will keep doing our best and we hope we could touch the people's hearts in the Recording Academy someday," RM said.Make way for 10 of K-Pop’s coolest hyungs and unnies who radiate talent, charm, and love for their group members and craft!

The leader is the alpha of the pack, the maknae is the youngest of the batch, the visual is the face of the group, the main vocalist is the nightingale, and the hyungs and unnies stand as the remarkable big brothers and big sisters of the group.

With talent and charm of intergalactic magnitudes, these 10 K-Pop stars are the oldest members of their respective groups. We know, with everyone in the world of Korean entertainment looking so young and radiant all the time, it’s extremely challenging to guess who the oldest and youngest members are, but we’ll give it a shot!

With countless boybands and girl groups filled with phenomenal hyungs and unnies, it would take a million days to enumerate them all! So, for now, we’re focusing on ten of the most extraordinary ones. Amplify the sound on your cheers and crank up the spotlight, because these guys and girls are 10 of the coolest hyungs and unnies in the K-Pop industry of the 21st Century!

What do you get when you combine a fierce attitude with charismatic charm and a dash of quirkiness? Well, you get Solar of MAMAMOO, of course! Born in 1991, this K-Pop star is the perfect alpha unnie for the group of empowered females who know how to shake up the music scene.

If being cool is a crime, then Jin of BTS should be illegal. Born in the year 1992, this global superstar and Billboard number 1 artist has catalyzed a reset on the word “cool”. With a surplus of hilarious dad jokes and an abundance of talent, Jin is the new definition of the word. His evident love for his co-members is the main factor that shows how exceedingly well he does his job as the mat hyung. While Jungkook has gained a sparkling reputation as the Golden Maknae, we mustn’t forget to give Jin the nickname of Golden Mat Hyung (we know, worldwide handsome says it all, but still!). Also, he doesn’t look a day over 18! What is your secret, Kim Seok Jin?

As the main vocalist and oldest member of Astro, Kim Myung Jun shines like a diamond. His fashionable style picks and angelic voice are something we would want to look at and listen to all day, every day! Wave your lightsticks, AROHA!

Lovely, graceful, and elegant; that’s Jisoo of BLACKPINK! Her classic beauty makes her visuals stand out in a sea of pretty faces. With the girls of BLACKPINK all looking fresh and fabulous, it’s quite difficult to judge who the oldest and youngest are. Keep that glow, Jisoo!

CRAVITY really turned up the volume with their debut single, “Break All the Rules”. Their lyrics conveyed an empowering message of breaking free from toxic social norms and bringing a positive revolution. Their mat hyung, Serim was born in 1999 and rules with his fiery leadership skills, talent, and visual power. Definitely looking forward to more magic from this amazing group!

This 92-liner is the leader, main dancer, and mat hyung of the exceptionally electrifying K-Pop group known as Monsta X. Bringing the fire with every performance, Shownu constantly shows his otherworldly talent and leadership skills. It’s a fact: Monsta X is pure gold!

This 1991 baby is the oldest yet one of the youngest looking members of Red Velvet. Her striking beauty and dulcet voice make her perfectly cut out to be an idol. Known for their sophisticated class, this quintet is simply bursting with elegance and vocal prowess.

1995 was the year that S. Coups was born and started to develop his stupendous charisma. As the leader and rapper of the ensemble of 13 top-notch idols, this pop star has mastered the art of demanding attention from millions of fans with his stirring talent. This gorgeous and skilled man definitely deserves to be the captain of the team. Whatcha think, Carats?

Hello to the leader, main producer, lead vocalist, lead dancer, and sub rapper of Stray Kids! With his alpha skills and striking visuals, This mat hyung radiates effortless cool factor that skyrockets through the roof. It’s undeniable that this 97-liner can dance and sing his way into fans’ hearts any day! Truly a king of music!

19-year-old Yeonjun is the oldest member of one of the most popular rookie groups in the music industry. Being a master of dance and rap, this handsome young man never stops developing his craft as 1/5 of TXT. MOA, you ready for their comeback?SM Entertainment & K-pop all-star group SuperM are teaming up for a collaboration with Marvel! The project, announced ahead of the release of SuperM’s debut full-length album, Super One, includes a SuperM x Marvel limited-edition apparel collection available exclusively for preorder on SuperM’s Official Store. The new initiative serves as a launch point between SME and Marvel to create future SuperM x Marvel co-branded content, products, and live fan experiences spanning the SME portfolio.

Drawn from some of the most popular K-Pop acts in the world, SuperM much like the Avengers is a true dream team with seven members - Taemin from SHINee, EXO’s Baekhyun and Kai, NCT 127's Taeyong and Mark, and Ten and Lucas of Chinese band WayV.

“Marvel has proven itself as a highly influential lifestyle brand with fans who are inspired by the world’s most empowered characters and stories,” Paul Gitter, Senior Vice President, Marvel Licensing, explained in a statement. “Working with SM Entertainment authentically expands the Marvel Universe of products into K-Pop culture in a cool, original way, since the SuperM members are Marvel fans themselves.”K-pop stans hold a special kind of power online. A power that can be used for good – to wage cyberwar for Black Lives Matter, say, or troll Trump rallies. But also a power capable of gathering the collective weight of 12 million Twitter accounts and hurling it directly at someone whose name sounds a bit like a K-pop band’s old back-up dancer.

Lino Helms, a software developer from Berlin, knows this all too well. The 31-year-old was one of Twitter’s early adopters; in 2007, a year after the platform launched, he registered his first name as his handle, @lino. Ten years on, Lino’s account is totally unusable.

This might seem like a bit of a stretch, but the name “Lino” sounds similar to “Lee Know”, a former dancer with mega-group BTS. Know has since left the world’s biggest boy band, and now sings and dances with the group Stray Kids. The star’s loyal fanbase is harassing Lino to give up his username, despite the fact that Twitter no longer allows four-letter handles. So while Lino can still use the handle, he couldn’t swap it, even if he wanted to.

VICE: Hey Lino, what’s your favourite K-pop Band?

 Lino: There are only wrong answers to this question! Even if I had one, I wouldn’t say, because there’s too much rivalry between fans of K-pop bands. I know that firsthand. Since the fans are mostly online, they’re easy to mobilise. At one point this summer I couldn't post a sentence without getting 600 videos sent to me. My Twitter account is now completely unusable.

How did it all begin?

 There’s been drama with my username, @lino, since 2015. For a while, there was a French rapper with the same name. His fans would send me pictures with guns because they wanted my account. When his tour was over, it stopped. But this [latest incident] was on a whole different level.

So this has been happening to you for years?

 Yes. After the rapper, it was an Italian actor named Lino. Lots of older ladies love that guy, but they were harmless. I noticed I’d get pictures of him, or movie posters when he released a new film. His fans wanted to talk about him, but didn’t really get Twitter, so they used my handle by accident.

So what’s going on with the K-Pop stans?

 Since 2017, personal accounts from the K-Pop scene have contacted me saying they wanted my username. I always just answered with "no" and that was the end of it. But then things escalated. At first, I was getting one message a day, then suddenly there were ten. People see that their friends are harassing me and won’t let me be. Some write me 200 messages.

What kind of messages?

 "My dog's name is Lino. He has cancer and has only two weeks to live…" or, "My late brother's name is Lino, please have a heart and give me your username.” I started blocking all of them, first manually, then automatically. I have to do that if I don’t want to just give up on the account altogether. I used a browser plugin called Twitter Block Chain that blocks individual users and their followers.

Did this solve your problem?

 No, because the fandom is so huge. The blockchain plugin can only block up to 1,000 followers, otherwise Twitter shuts down. It worked in the beginning, but it only takes one person to write: "Hey, do you remember this a-hole? Reply to this thread if you were also blocked by @lino." And everything ramps up again.

Did you know Lee Know before this happened?

 No. At first, I thought Lee Know was from BTS, but it turns out he was only a dancer and he now sings with another group. People had to explain it to me. Things suddenly ramped up on the first weekend of July [2020]. I told myself I needed an upgrade, so I built an application using the Twitter programming interface. Now, I can block an unlimited number of accounts. In the past few days I’ve blocked 11.8 million accounts, sometimes hundreds per second.

How did you build your bot?

 In layers. Everyone who follows the Stray Kids must go. But it’s pretty time-consuming, because they have almost three million followers. I also search for some keywords in my messages and filter those users out.

Does it work?

 Surprisingly well. But usually it’s not the white tech-bro type who gets harassed. It's game over for other people. They have to close their accounts for weeks and probably never open their timeline without fear again. If I wasn’t interested in tech, I’d give up too.

You’ve become accidentally famous in South Korea. What do you think about that?

 It’s pretty aggressive, but sometimes really funny. For example, people have registered dozens of fake accounts with my profile picture, "realLino01" or "realLino30". Then they publicly call me out, saying I hacked their usernames. Maybe coronavirus has made it more extreme because people are stuck at home.South Korean boyband BTS will make nightly appearances in a weeklong series on NBC’s The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, beginning Monday, Sept. 28.

The late night show’s “BTS Week” will feature a unique performance each night, including a rendition of their single “Dynamite,” as well as comedy bits with Fallon and a virtual interview. On Sept. 30, the group will serve as lead guest.

“We love having BTS on the show,” Fallon said in a statement, adding, “Last time we had them on we took over Grand Central Terminal, so we had our work cut out for us to top that.”

BTS recently became the first Korean pop act to top the Billboard Hot 100 two weeks in a row with “Dynamite.” The music video of the song broke the YouTube record for most views in its first 24 hours, with 101.1 million views, and the band recently won all four of its nomination categories at the MTV VMAs.Di tengah ketatnya persaingan dunia hiburan Korea, sederet aktor dan idol Kpop malah asyik menjalin persahabatan. Malahan, nggak segan memperlihatkan aksi saling dukung satu sama lain ketika sahabatnya tengah menjalani sebuah proyek drama atau konser.

Mereka juga sering membagikan momen manis di sela-sela waktu senggang. Tentu hal ini mengundang baper di antara penggemar. Kehangatan dan keakraban yang mereka perlihatakan sukses bikin iri, dan ingin rasanya berada di antara mereka.

Nggak hanya persahabatan antar pria, tetapi ada pula yang menjalin persahabatan dengan lawan jenis, yang tetap langgeng hingga saat ini. Wah, bagaimana mereka bisa menjalin persahabatan sekompak seperti itu? Siapa saja aktor dan idol Kpop yang punya persahabatan super awet? Kira-kira, berapa lama mereka bersahabat? Ikuti kisahnya di bawah ini, Bela.

Bermula dari penggemar, berakhir menjadi teman. Itulah asal persahabatan Park Bo gum dan V 'BTS' dimulai. Diketahui, Park Bo Gum memang fans berat dari grup besutan Big Hit Entertainment tersebut. Saat menjadi pemandu acara 'Music Bank', dirinya dan V 'BTS' menjalin pertemanan. Bahkan, keduanya saling bertukar nomor ponsel. Sering bertanya kabar dan berada di lingkup industri pekerjaan yang sama, keduanya merasa menemukan banyak kecocokan. Hingga akhirnya, jalinan pertemanan itu kian erat. Keduanya kerap nongkrong sampai liburan bareng ke Pulau Jeju. Keduanya juga saling dukung sama lain, lho. Park Bo Gum pernah terlihat datang konser BTS "Love Yourself", dan baru-baru ini, Park Bo Gum menunjukkan rasa cintanya terhadap BTS lewat drama Record of Youth. Begitu pula sebaliknya, V 'BTS' juga memberikan dukungan penuh ketika Park Bo Gum memulai proyek drama terbarunya.

Dipertemukan dalam drama It's Okay, That's Love, hubungan senior-junior di dunia hiburan Korea ini berubah menjadi hubungan persahabatan yang manis. Saking akrabnya, Jo In Sung sampai ingin kembali bekerja bareng D.O 'EXO' lagi. Tidak hanya kerja bareng, namun Jo In Sung juga mengungkapkan sebuah fakta kalau laki-laki kelahiran 1993 ini kerap tiba-tiba datang ke rumah dan makan bersama dirinya. Meski terpaut usia yang cukup jauh, ternyata Jo In Sung dan D.O 'EXO suka berkaraoke bersama. Jo In Sung juga memuji kemampuan suara D.O 'EXO' yang luar biasa. Ia menuturkan "D.O bernyanyi sangat bagus. Ketika mendengar suaranya, saya seperti sedang berada di panggung konser EXO."

Satu lagi persahabatan beda usia, yakni Yoo In Na dan IU. Menariknya, persahabatan keduanya terlihat sebagai sepasang kakak beradik yang saling mendukung dan melindungi satu sama lain. Pertemuan keduanya di drama Heroes tahun 2010 menjadi cikal bakal persahabatan keduanya yang terjalin hingga kini. Nggak jarang, Yoo In Na pergi ke konser sahabatnya tersebut. Kehadiran Yoo In Na sebagai bentuk dukungan terhadap sahabatnya, dibalas tulus oleh IU dengan mengucapkan terima kasih secara pribadi selama pidato penerimaan. Dalam sesi wawancara dengan media Osen, Yoo In Na mengungkapkan arti pentingnya seorang IU dalam hidupnya. "IU adalah seseorang yang harus aku perhatikan dan selalu aku jaga layaknya seorang adik. Namun, di sisi lain, IU bisa menjelma menjadi teman yang dapat diandalkan saat diriku mengalami masa sulit. Hubungan kami sebenarnya sama seperti persahabatan pada umumnya. Tetapi, kemampuan ekspresi IU yang sangat bagus, ia sering mengungkapkannya lewat cara yang indah. Jadi, banyak orang mengira hubungan terjalin dengan sangat spesial." Selain itu, Yoo In Na juga pernah mengirimkan sebuah truk makanan ke lokasi syuting drama IU yang berjudul Hotel Del Luna. IU sendiri memang sosok penyanyi yang supel dan mudah menjalin persahabatan dengan siapapun, termasuk dari sahabat lawan jenisnya.

Dapat dikatakan, hubungan persahabatan lawan jenis di dunia hiburan Korea jarang terjadi. Hal ini bukan tanpa alasan, kadang hubungan lawan jenis terutama seorang figur publik kerap diterpa rumor tak sedap. Namun, hal tersebut nggak berlaku untuk hubungan platonik antara Park Shin Hye dan Lee Hongki 'FT. Island'. Keduanya pertama kali bertemu saat memerankan drama You're Beautiful. Terlibat dalam satu proyek drama dan memiliki banyak kesamaan, membuat keduanya jadi sering nongkrong bareng. Bahkan, jalinan persahabatan mereka sudah hampir 10 tahun. Meski Park Shin Hye telah resmi berpacaran dengan Choi Tae Joon, hubungan Park Shin Hye dan Lee Hongki tetap awet dan kompak sampai sekarang. Sebelum Lee Hongki memasuki wajib militernya, Park Shin Hye menyempatkan waktu untuk berkunjung dan melihat penampilan sahabat terbaiknya itu di drama musikal, I Loved You. Keduanya juga berfoto bersama dan Park Shin Hye turut mengunggah foto tersebut dengan caption, "Kembalilah dengan selamat, teman. Saya juga menikmati pertunjukannya, Hong Ki." Duh, persahabatan idaman banget.

Sama-sama berparas tampan, membuat hubungan persahabatan Kim Myung Soo atau lebih dikenal dengan nama panggung L 'INFINITE' dan Kim Min Suk menjadi hubungan persahabatan yang diinginkan oleh banyak penggemar. Apalagi, keduanya memiliki marga sama, yaitu marga Kim. Keakraban keduanya terjalin ketika keduanya dipertemukan di drama Shut Up! Flower Boy Band. Di balik persahabatan tampak manis ini, ternyata L menjadi sosok penolong yang berarti buat Kim Min Suk. Kala itu, ketenaran L sebagai seorang anggota grup INFINITE terus meningkat, sementara Kim Min Suk masih berjuang untuk menjadi seorang aktor. Di sebuah acara Celebrity Bromance, Kim Min Suk blak-blakan mengungkapkan rasa terima kasihnya kepada L. Kim Mun Suk menuturkan, "Dulu, pekerjaanku tidak berjalan dengan baik. Keluargaku tidak mampu untuk membiayaiku. Aku tidak dapat menghasilkan uang dan hidup nyaman, tapi kamu memberiku banyak pakaian." Kim Min Suk juga mengakui, acap kali ia akan membeli baju atau melihat lemari pakaian, ia langsung teringat sosok L 'INFINITE'. Mengingat kebaikan hati L, Kim Min Suk mengucapkan banyak terima kasih, "Aku belum pernah mengucapkan terima kasih padamu selama lima tahun ini. Terima kasih. Aku harap apa yang kamu lakukan semua akan berjalan baik." L sendiri membalas rasa terima kasih sahabatnya, "Ayo, kita sukses bersama-sama."

Aktor Choi Tae Joon juga menjalin keakraban dengan penyanyi kenamaan Zico eks 'Block B'. Pertemuan keduanya bermula saat Zico baru memulai debutnya sebagai seorang idol K-pop. Selain itu, mereka juga muncul di acara Celebrity Bromance dan menunjukkan seberapa dekat hubungan keduanya. Bahan ejekan, bercandaan, sampai pertengkarana menjadi pemanis persahabatan mereka. Selain itu, Choi Tae Joon juga menunjukkan aksi dukungan kepada Zico yang sempat mengadakan konser solonya. Bersama Chanyeol 'EXO' dan Shin Kang Woo. Persahabatan mereka memang manis banget. Selain sering liburan bareng, mereka juga saling dukung karier masing-masing. Selalu ada momen nggak terlewatkan yang mereka hadapi bersama. Misalnya, ketika Zico merilis lagu duet bersama IU. Chanyeol dan Choi Tae Joon ikutan promosi lagu tersebut di Instagram masing-masing, dong. Keren abis, pokoknya!

Persahabatan yang satu ini terbilang unik, soalnya wajah keduanya sangat mirip bak adik-kakak. Yup, siapa lagi kalau bukan Yoo Yeon Seok, salah satu pemain dalam drama Hospital Playlist dan si tampan, Sehun 'EXO'. Saking miripnya, malah banyak yang mengira kalau Sehun ini adik kandung dari Yoo Yeon Seok, nih. Nggak cuma mirip, keduanya juga bisa dikatakan sebagai sahabat karib. Kedekatan mereka ini bermula dari acara Busted yang ditayangkan oleh salah satu platform streaming. Saat itu, Sehun menjadi anggota tetap dalam acara tersebut, sementara Yoo Yeon Seok menjadi bintang tamu di salah satu episode. Sejak pertemuaan di Busted tersebut, Yoo Yeon Seok dan Sehun menjadi dekat satu sama lain. Bahkan, mereka saling mengirimkan truk minuman sebagai aksi dukung saat salah satu dari mereka mendapat proyek terbaru. Sehun juga pernah diundang langsung oleh Yoo Yeon Seok dalam acara Coffee Friends, dan perlakuan aktor Mr. Sunshine ini perhatian banget sama Sehun, loh.

Bermain dalam drama yang bertabur bintang, Hwarang, ternyata membawa keakraban tersendiri buat Park Seo Joon dan Park Hyung Sik, nih. Keduanya menjadi kerap nongkrong bareng dan saling berhubungan melalui media sosial. Keduanya masuk ke dalam geng populer, loh. Bersama V 'BTS', Choi Woo Shik, dan PeakBoy, mereka memiliki geng bernama Wooga squad yang diciptakan langsung oleh Park Seo Joon. Nama geng tersebut berasal dari kata yang sering mereka ucapkan, yaitu 'Ooga Ooga'. Unik, ya! Selain itu, kiriman truk makanan atau kopi ke lokasi syuting seolah menjadi rutinitas yang mereka lakukan untuk mendukung satu sama lain. Menariknya, saat Park Hyun Sik menjalankan wajib militer, grup chat Wooga squad mencapai 4300 pesan selama 5 minggu. Park Hyung Sik banjir dukungan dan perhatian dari squad-nya tersebut. Hhhmm, jadi pengin masuk geng mereka, nih.

Nggak cuma V 'BTS' yang memiliki sahabat di luar anggota grup, ternyata maknae kesayangan BTS ini juga menjalin persahabatan dengan aktor sekelas, Yeo Jin Goo. Hubungan kedua sahabat ini bermula dari perkenalan seorang teman yang non-selebritas. Dari sana, obrolan mereka berkembang dan saling menemukan kecocokan satu sama lain. Dalam penuturannya di sebuah wawancara, Yeo Jin Goo mengungkapkan kalau dirinya dan Jungkook pernah nongkrong di kafe saat memiliki waktu luang. Apalagi, umur mereka saat ini sepantaran, lho. Keduanya sama-sama terlahir di tahun 1997, bulan lahirnya pun tidak terlalu jauh. Yeo Jin Goo lahir di bulan Agustus, sedangkan Jungkook lahir di bulan September. Persahabatan mereka terlihat sangat tulus, hal ini tampak dari kejutan Yeo Jin Goo yang mengirimkan truk makanan di tahun 2019 silam. Sebelumnya, Jungkook juga mengirimkan truk serupa ke lokasi syuting drama Yeo Jin Goo. Wah, uwu sekali pertemanan mereka ini.

Tidak banyak yang tahu kalau aktris papan atas, Park Min Young ternyata telah menjalin persahabatan dengan mantan anggota SNSD, Jessica Jung, selama 10 tahun lebih, nih. Kedekatan mereka memang jarang terekspose dibandingkan geng persahabatan aktor-idol Kpop lainnya. Namun, sekalinya pamer kedekatan nggak ada yang bisa membantah kecantikan kedua artis papan atas Korea ini. Kabarnya, persahabatan mereka terjalin jauh sebelum terjun ke industri hiburan. Kemiripan mereka ini sampai disebut anak kembar, loh. Sebagai bentuk saling dukung antar sahabat, Park Min Young sendiri mengaku bangga mengenal Jessica karena Jessica dianggap sebagai yang dapat diandalkan. Jessica menjadi seseorang tempatnya untuk bersandar kapanpun ketika dirinya membutuhkan seorang teman. Nggak hanya itu, Park Min Young juga menjadi orang pertama yang mendengarkan lagu Jessica berjudul "One More Christmas". Walaupun disibukkan dengan sejumlah aktivitas dan ketanya persaingan dunia hiburan Korea, di belakang layar aktor-idol Kpop ini justru memiliki hubungan persahabatan yang manis. Dari sekian banyak persahabatan aktor-idol Kpop, mana yang kamu sukai, Bela? Baca Juga: Dikenal Memiliki Segalanya, 5 Kpop Idol Pernah Jadi Korban Selingkuh Baca Juga: Bikin Paparazzi Menyerah, 7 Kpop Idol Ini Bebas dari Skandal Kencan Baca Juga: Punya Peran Penting, Intip Persahabatan Kim Soo Hyun & Park Seo JoonJessica Jung, a former member of popular K-pop group Girls’ Generation, will release an autobiographical novel Shine on Sept. 29.

Billboard reported that the young adult novel offers a glimpse into the competitive K-pop world. It will be published by Simon & Schuster Books For Young Readers.

Written in English, the book follows fictional star Rachel Kim who starts as a trainee in a management agency to debut as a star. Along the way, she meets celebrity Jason Lee and her life is never the same afterward.

“Jessica’s novel is depicted with realism based on the life of a K-pop star, such as the long training process, the harsh assessments from people, strict routines, the seemingly endless envy, the covert PR moves and the unfair treatment that female stars are subject to,” wrote publisher RH Korea in a statement as quoted by Yonhap.

The book will be published in 11 countries, including Brazil, Indonesia and Vietnam.

Entertainment Weekly reported that the book would be adapted into a film by Glasstown Entertainment and Matt Kaplan of ACE Entertainment, who was behind the Netflix hit adaptation To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before.

Jessica debuted with Girls’ Generation in 2007 and left the group in 2014. She continued as a singer, actress and business entrepreneur. (wng)Over the years, many K-pop songs have been such absolute jams that they had official English versions made. These releases especially made international fans very happy because they could finally sing along to their favorite artists’ bops.

With many English versions having seen the light of day, here is a nod to some of the most recent and popular official English versions that mirrored their original Korean counterparts.

TWICE graced us with an English cover of their latest hit “MORE & MORE.” The lyrics were translated to perfection and beautifully maintained the essence of the original song.

The two versions of this fun single equally mirror one another lyrically as TXT uses lines interchangeably in different parts of the songs and even adds a touch of wordplay.

What could be as good as the beautiful EXO winter ballad? A simply mesmerizing English version of the song brought to you by D.O. and Chanyeol in an acoustic setting.

Two versions, two different stories, one unique energy: that’s (G)I-DLE for you with their English take on their badass track, delivering vibes that will literally make you go, “Oh my god.”

DAY6 has got it all: stunning visuals, amazing vocals, and bilingual music. Their English rendition of “Congratulations” transcribes all the feels that the original version portrayed in a delicate and heart-wrenching manner.

It seems like MONSTA X can play it cool in both Korean and English, with Steve Aoki producing the track for both languages. It truly is a timeless summer jam.

No matter which language Red Velvet performs in, they always manage to hit all the right notes by being their awesome selves, and here’s the English version of “RBB (Really Bad Boy)” to prove it!

Although J-Hope and Suga kept their original verses in the remix version with Steve Aoki, the rest of the song got translated to English, and the new lines flawlessly preserved BTS’s original attitude.

No one knows how to sweet talk like NCT 127, and they make listeners swoon both in Korean and English. Combining their sexy sound with seductive lyrics, this boy group will definitely take you down the highway to heaven with them.

English versions are always appreciated because they show that artists care about their international fans, and LOONA is no exception! This vivacious cover of “Loonatic” is like a dream come true for Orbits. You know the drill, stan LOONA!

GOT7 went out of their way and released “Lullaby” in four languages. Naturally, English was one of the featured languages, and the outcome is more than satisfactory. Listen for yourselves!

An inspiring song like “Sober” needs to be heard by as many people as possible. Hyoyeon made the right choice by granting us the English version and sharing a piece of her mind with her fans as well as the rest of the world.

Which English-version K-pop song is your favorite from the list above? Which ones did we miss? Let us know in the comments below!He’s got a big heart, a talent for acting as well as songwriting, and he speaks surprisingly great Japanese – here are 5 things you should know about the face of Got7, Park Jin-young, as he turns 26The K-pop phenomenon shows no signs of slowing down and seems to just get bigger and bigger.

Netflix is now releasing a documentary about rising K-pop girl group, Blackpink.

The film will chart the rise of the band and feature behind-the-scenes clips of them recording their new album, culminating in their record-breaking performance at Coachella in 2019 – where they became the first all-girl K-pop group to take the stage.

Related: Blackpink break another YouTube record with new song 'How You Like That'

"The K-pop phenomenon has been sweeping the globe and Blackpink has arguably become the most recognisable and most popular girl group in the world," said Netflix's Adam Del Deo in a statement (via Deadline).

"Director Caroline Suh's trusted relationship with Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé and Lisa offers organic and honest moments that give viewers an authentic inside look into the lives of Blackpink, as well as the dedication and gruelling preparation each member puts into every hit song, history-making performance and sold-out arena tour.

"We're thrilled to bring their story to their fans worldwide."

This content is imported from YouTube. You may be able to find the same content in another format, or you may be able to find more information, at their web site.

The band have recently collaborated with Selena Gomez on the track 'Ice cream' and on July 28, the band announced on Twitter that their debut album, titled The Album, would be released on October 2, following on from their 2019 EP 'Kill This Love'.

They also featured on the track 'Sour Candy' on Lady Gaga's latest album Chromatica and now Little Mix recently teased they'd love to work with the band too, with Jade Thirlwall saying: "We're just waiting for the DM back."

Blackpink: Light Up The Sky will be available to stream on Netflix on October 14.

Digital Spy has launched its first-ever digital magazine with exclusive features, interviews, and videos. Access this edition with a 1-month free trial, only on Apple News+.

Interested in Digital Spy's weekly newsletter? Sign up to get it sent straight to your inbox.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.ioSince 2014, Spotify listeners have streamed more than 180 billion minutes of K-pop. Discussing the rise of K-pop worldwide, Stray Kids appeared on a new episode of the Spotify: For the Record podcast series called “From Seoul to São Paulo: The Global Rise of K-Pop.”

The episode was released on Sept. 11 and also featured Kossy Ng, Spotify’s Head of Artist Label Partnerships in Southeast Asia, Kpapo founders Babi Dewet and Érica Imenes, and Korean actor Wonho Chung.

K-pop by the numbers on Spotify

Based on Spotify’s listening data, K-pop has had momentous growth over the past few years. With over 180 billion minutes listened to on the streaming platform since 2014, there has been a 2000% increase in users listening to K-pop over the past six years. Spotify: For the Record also revealed that K-pop songs have been added to over 120 million user playlists.

“It’s super unique… To me I think what it really is, it’s just great, addictive music,” said Ng. “Beyond the music, you know, it’s well-produced, it’s colorful, it’s edgy. And then you get the fashion, which is amazing. And then you get the dance.”

She also attributed K-pop’s global success to the special relationship between K-pop idols and fans.

“I think the last part that makes it so unique is the fandom. Seeing how the artists and the fans interact. The fans are pretty much a part of the artist’s journey as well. Like from the beginning, watching them train and debut, how the members are chosen, and I think it’s a very emotional type of connection that you end up building with K-Pop artists,” she said.

RELATED: Which K-Pop Group Currently Has the Most Members?

Stray Kids is a K-pop group consisting of eight members: Bang Chan, Lee Know, Changbin, Hyunjin, Han, Felix, Seungmin, and I.N. The Korean band debuted in 2017 with JYP Entertainment.

Seungmin, Changbin, Felix, and Bang Chan appeared on Spotify: For the Record to talk about their new album In Life, a repackage of their first Korean-language studio album, Go Live.

When asked about writing and producing their own songs, Bang Chan replied:

“Well, ever since the start of our whole journey, we thought it’d be really, really special to really make our music, create our own music and really write our own lyrics to be a bit more truthful and to really put our hearts into our music, for our fans to take it in more well. So we thought that was really important because we are the ones who are performing on stage. We are the ones who are singing the song. So we thought it’d be really, really important for us to make the music as well. And I guess, I think that’s the reason why our Stays can really relate to us. They understand us, through, you know, their music as well.”

The members of Stray Kids were asked about their fans

Echoing Ng’s statement that K-pop artists and fans have an emotional connection, Bang Chan went into detail about how Stray Kids and Stay support one another.

“…with Stray Kids and Stays, we have something a bit more deeper…,” he said. “It feels like we’re just one big whole family. So if there’s like a fan sign event where they come and just talk to us, sometimes they tell us, you know, what their struggles are, what they’re going through, and, you know, all their hardships. I guess we try to really understand them and just try to make them feel better. And for that, that’s one of our really important things that we have to do.”Korea Selatan diketahui memiliki 4 agensi besar yang bertarung di dunia hiburan K-Pop yakni Bighit, SM, JYP, dan YG Entertainment.

4 agensi besar tersebut baru-baru ini mengungkapkan jadwal aktivitas para artisnya jelang akhir tahun 2020.

Menurut tabel yang dirilis oleh eBest Investment Securities pada hari Minggu (13/9), terungkap jadwal kesibukan para artis jebolan 4 agensi besar di Korea Selatan itu.

Mulai dari artis jebolan JYP Entertainment yakni TWICE dan GOT7. TWICE dikabarkan berencana comeback dengan lagu terbaru mereka pada bulan September ini. Kemudian, GOT7 juga diketahui akan merilis single mereka pada bulan Oktober mendatang.

Lalu, agensi SM Entertainment diketahui memiliki banyak jadwal di kuartal ke-4 tahun 2020 ini. Mereka diketahui akan mendebutkan sebuah girl group baru. NCT dan Red Velvet juga akan comeback dengan anggota lengkap.

Dua artis SM Entertainment yaitu Kai EXO dan Onew SHINee, juga dikabarkan akan merilis lagu solo mereka dalam waktu dekat.

Selanjutnya, Bighit Entertainment juga akan menggawangi BTS dalam comeback mereka di bulan November mendatang. Tak lupa, TXT dan SEVENTEEN juga dikabarkan akan comeback.

Terakhir dari agensi YG Entertainment, BLACKPINK segera merilis album penuh pertama mereka di bulan Oktober yang bertajuk THE ALBUM.

Selain itu, ada beberapa boy group dan girl group lainnya yang akan comeback jelang akhir tahun 2020 ini seperti iKON, WINNER, NU'EST, Stray Kids, ITZY, TVXQ, EXO-SC, dan Baekhyun EXO.To the uninitiated, K-pop fans may seem like any others in history — loyal, uninhibited and as passionate as former generations who adored, say, The Beatles, One Direction or the Backstreet Boys.

Those who’ve been familiar with how K-pop fandom works know that they are an unprecedented force to reckon with, especially in this digital age. This year alone, they’ve made their presence felt regarding such social issues as Black Lives Matter and the US elections. In the past, they’ve exerted pressure on the Korean music industry to treat talent better.

In short, they are a diverse and enormous group, made up largely of young people, and they get things done because they are quick to organise and mobilise. And they take no prisoners.

One might even call them an emerging global political force.

It’s not just fandom, there’s actually an A.R.M.Y.

One thing to note is that each pop group’s fans have a name. With BTS being the most famous K-pop group, its fans or “stans”, called the A.R.M.Y., may be the biggest, loudest, baddest of all.

“The band’s fiercely loyal fans are probably as famous as BTS themselves. Coined by BTS themselves, the acronym stands for ‘Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth’. The meaning of a military army is also implied here, tying in with the concept of BTS as a bulletproof armour. Put together, the boys hope for their fans to be able fight and stand up for themselves together, with BTS always protecting them in their pursuit,” said one BTS explainer.

In June this year, shortly after the death of African-American George Floyd while in the custody of Minneapolis police, BTS donated a cool US$1 million to the Black Lives Matter Movement. Within a day, the BTS A.R.M.Y., galvanised by the Twitter hashtag #MatchAMillion, matched and even surpassed this amount, raising US$1.3 million (S$1.77 million) that ended up divided among a dozen groups.

And it’s not only BTS fans that have been fired up to support BLM. Fans of what may arguably be the biggest girl K-pop band today, Blackpink, banded together on social media to intentionally not post too much about the group’s collaboration with pop icon Lady Gaga so as not to eclipse the necessary online conversations after Mr Floyd’s death.

Later in June, K-pop fans made even bigger headlines when they organised a campaign to register for thousands of tickets to a rally for US President Donald Trump in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for which they simply did not show up.

The number of tickets reserved in advance had organisers rejoicing days before the event that Mr Trump would speak to a crowded audience, only to find two-thirds of the venue’s 19,000 seats unoccupied due to the behind-the-scenes activities of K-pop fans.

Also in June, K-pop fans flooded an app from the Dallas Police Department designed to be a platform where people could upload videos of “illegal” activities from the widespread protests stemming from Mr Floyd’s death. The fans uploaded instead videos of their favourite artistes, which made the app impossible to use.

At around the same time, when white supremacists tried to fight the growing BLM Movement on Twitter using hashtags such as #WhiteoutWednesday and #whitelivesmatter, K-pop fans inundated the Twitterverse to bring BLM back to the fore.

Who are these K-pop fans anyway?

Long gone are the days when K-pop fans were only citizens of South Korea, as the fandom truly went global sometime ago.

Some US media outlets were apparently unaware of this, unwittingly attributing fans in South Korea for reserving the tickets for the Trump rally. They were wrong, it was K-pop fans in America who were largely behind that incident, as well as support for BLM, joined by fans from all over the world.

A look at the roots of K-pop’s fanbase gives a clue to who they are.

“Since the early 2000s when K-pop arrived in the US largely through young Korean-American immigrants, the music spread to other immigrant and POC (people of colour) communities who were marginalised from mainstream entertainment and sought refuge in Korean pop culture. Today, the K-pop fandom in the US is not very Korean, and not that young either. By most accounts, these K-pop fans are commonly in their 20s and 30s or older, and exist across a broad racial spectrum that includes a big following of black fans,” a piece in Vulture explains.

Moreover, “many first time K-pop fans … developed a personal connection to BTS through their ‘love yourself’ message and series of albums, an element to their universal-yet-individual appeal that’s resonated particularly strongly within America’s marginalised communities. We’re seeing in real time that this kind of renewed sense of empowerment through K-pop pushes fans to be more expressive in every aspect of their lives — politics included.”

Ms Hye Jin Lee, a Clinical Assistant Professor of Communication at the University of Southern California Annenberg, is quoted as saying: “There’s a great overlap between the demographic of the BLM Movement and American K-pop fandom. Both are multi-racial, multi-cultural, multi-ethnic, multi-generational, even though mostly young. They are more open to cultural differences and have progressive values.”

“The current political mobilisation of K-pop fans can be seen as an extension of their fight against orientalism, racism, sexism and homophobia to make K-pop acceptable and popular in the US,” she added. /TISG

Read also: Chan Chun Sing cites K-pop group BTS as having successfully adapted to Covid-19 worldBlackpink’s smash music video Ice Cream – starring none other than Selena Gomez – has given us lashings of inspiration for our late ‘Hot Girl Summer’ make-up looks; here’s how you can interpret the look for yourselfSEOUL, 28 sept. (Yonhap) -- Le groupe de K-pop Bangtan Boys (BTS) sortira en novembre un nouvel album «BE» qui inclura un message de consolation pour les fans et le monde entier souffrant du nouveau coronavirus (Covid-19), a annoncé ce lundi son agence de promotion, Big Hit Entertainment.Subscribe to update with our latest news.

Your email is safe with us. We won't spam.K-Pop idols often sing, dance, and look amazing, but do you know that many of them have award-winning acting skills too?

The Hallyu wave has flowed from South Korea to the most distant rivers and oceans of the planet for obvious reasons. Becoming a metaphorical tidal wave of unique music, K-Pop has transformed into a whole genre of its own. Peppered with stars that shine bright with their vocal prowess, phenomenal choreography, and gorgeous visuals, the Korean entertainment industry has harnessed and forged quite a few massively talented individuals.

Just when you thought that your favorite K-Pop idols couldn’t get any more amazing, they go ahead and dabble into acting as well. Compelling, Oscar-worthy, and 100% spellbinding; that’s what these idols turned K-drama actors are!

BTS made their debut in 2013, and three years later, Kim Taehyung (A.K.A. V) surprised us all with his extraordinary acting chops. Portraying the role of Hansung, the youngest and most adorable warrior in the K-Drama, Hwarang, V showed that he isn’t just a talented vocalist and master of the stage; he is also a brilliantly artistic actor who deserves an Academy Award. (Yes, we were also very fond of Hansung and cried for a week when they killed off his character. *sobs in Hwarang*) Seriously, when will we see this handsome guy star in another K-Drama? Asking for ARMY…

Bringing chart-topping hits like “Mazeltov”, “Love Coach”, and “Phoenix” to the table, ZE:A was definitely one for the books. Taking a break from his singing and dancing duties, Park Hyung Sik ventured into the world of K-Dramas seamlessly. Starring in one of the title roles of Hwarang, he gave a spectacular performance as Ji Dwi, the young and charming king of Silla with some mad sword-fighting skills.

Among others, he also set hearts aflutter as the leading man in the romcom, Strong Girl Bong Soon. His unconventional character was leaning towards some sort of a strong damsel in distress. With his leading lady saving him all the time, Park Hyung Sik conveyed quirky uniqueness into his role.

He’s definitely one of the most versatile leading men of this generation. Ultimately, his portrayal in Suits explored the range of his acting grit. And we can’t wait for the next character he would bring life to.

Make way for one of the muses of Itaewon Class, Kwon Nara! Initially debuted as part of the K-Pop girl group, Hello Venus, this stunner is quite the multi-talented star. She can sing, she can dance, and she can act … oh, and she’s a natural beauty too! Starring in the K-Dramas, Your Honor, Doctor Prisoner, My Mister, Single Cunning Lady, and Suspicious Partner, this pretty lady has been demonstrating her stellar acting skills since circa 2014.

However, it was her remarkable portrayal of the quick-witted Oh Soo Ah in Itaewon Class that truly made her shine with the power of a thousand suns. Her character in the spectacularly inspirational K-Drama gave her platform for unconventional dynamics, a myriad of hairstyles, and a wardrobe that we would very much like to raid! Being the complete package, Kwon Nara definitely is one of South Korea’s brightest stars.

That’s right; one of the prettiest faces you’ll ever see in the entertainment industry is this guy over here: Cha Eun Woo! Known for his sweet mellow vocals and quirky dance moves, this artist knows how to turn up his ethereal charms in the world of TV series too. The Astro visual and vocalist has lit up our TV screens with shows like My ID is Gangnam Beauty, Hit The Top and Rookie Historian Goo Hae Ryung.

Enchanting viewers with his impressive acting chops, Cha Eun Woo has proven that he looks right at home in both K-Pop and K-Drama. Raise your hands up in the air if you’re excited for the release of his new TV series, True Beauty!

From “Be Myself”, “Only One”, and “Love Story”, all the way to “Promise You” and the recently released “Dumhdurum”, Apink has been a shimmering and shining gem in the music industry. And several of their members, such as Na Eun have stepped up to the plate and delved into acting as well. This lovely superstar has made multiple cameos in quite a few K-Dramas, but her most notable appearance to date is her role in Cinderella and the Four Knights. We’re so ready for more of Actress Na Eun!

Catapulted to stellar stardom, SHINee has brought chart-topping tracks that can bring out both the sentimental and the cheerful side of your musical taste. With songs like “Our Page”, “Good Evening”, “Countless”, and “Prism”, this boyband will always be iconic. Let’s shine the spotlight on one of the group’s vocalists who has flaunted his actor side too!

He may be currently serving in the army, but fans will never forget Minho’s phenomenal performances in Somehow 18, To the Beautiful You, and Hwarang. Come to think of it, Hwarang was a cinematic gathering of boyband members! We can’t wait for Minho to be discharged from the military, so Shawols can admire his captivating smile again!

Hailed as one of South Korea’s most popular soloists, IU’s career is vibrant and illustrious. Serenading fans with songs like “Dear Name”, “Love Poem”, and her recent collaboration with BTS’ Suga, “Eight”, this K-Pop star has built a reputation due to her gentle vocals and self-written songs. Her fans likely already know that she’s become quite the actress as well. With her leading role in Hotel Del Luna being one of her most notable performances, we’re curious to see what she’ll do next.

Hailing from Canada, Henry Lau is a prolific artist who has built an incredible career that crossed borders, art forms, and cultures. We first saw him step into the limelight as a violinist for Super Junior. Soon after, he became a member of the group’s subunit called Super Junior-M.

A few more years down the road, and Henry ventured into a solo career with tracks like “Trap” and “I Luv U”. As if that wasn’t impressive and distinguished enough, he even made a Hollywood acting debut in movies, such as A Dog’s Journey, A Dog’s Purpose, and Double World. Currently, he manages his own entertainment company called Monster Entertainment Group. That’s quite a lot of achievements for 30-year-old! You go, Henry Lau!

South Korea has a lot of sweethearts, but one of their first darlings was Bae Suzy of Miss A! Elevating to immense levels of stardom as the visual, lead rapper, and lead vocalist of the girl group, this charmer can definitely light up a room. Transitioning from a singer into an actress, Suzy has starred in Dream High, Gu Family Book, and Uncontrollably Fond, among others. Fans can also see her fight off the dangers and perils in her recent flick, Ashfall.

Can’t wait to see more of her on the silver screen? Well, then you’re in luck, because she’s gearing up for her new film titled Wonderland. Need another reason to go see this movie once it premieres? We’ll give you three: Park Bo Gum, Gong Yoo, and Choi Woo Shik!

Krystal Jung first stole viewers’ hearts as the lead vocalist and dancer of the iconic K-Pop group, f(x). The multinational group stood the test of time, with their longevity and star power. With the members venturing off into new horizons, Krystal Jung has starred in movies and K-Dramas like Unexpected Love, The Miracle, The Heirs, Player, and My Lovely Girl.

Keep your calendars open for next month, because Krystal is slated to stun audiences with her role as a stalwart elite army officer in the thriller series, The Search. Ooh, we see good fortune and a lot of binge watching in your future!
• BTS’ RM On COVID-19: “Stars Shine The Brightest When The Night Is The Darkest”Di sebuah grup, hampir semua anggota memiliki perannya tersendiri. Tidak hanya jago bernyanyi dan menari saja, tetapi ada pula anggota yang diberi peran spesial, lantaran mempunyai paras menawan dan sering disebut-sebut sebagai visual dari grup.

Pesona seorang visual dapat membuat penggemar meleleh dalam sekali tatap saja. Namun, untuk menentukan sebuah anggota memperoleh posisi visual tidak mudah, lho. Masing-masing agensi memiliki kriteria dan penilaian yang unik dan menarik, sehingga visual dari sebuah grup dari satu agensi ke agensi lainnya punya ciri khas yang menonjol.

Nah, bagaimana agensi Kpop menggaet seorang angota menjadi visual di grup? Kriteria apa saja yang dilihat dan menjadi ciri khas visual dari agensi Kpop? Duh, jadi makin penasaran, kan? Merujuk dari Koreaboo.com, cari tahu rahasia besarnya di bawah ini, Bela.

Dari SM Entertainment, agensi yang didirikan oleh Lee Soo Man ini melahirkan visual yang terlihat tanpa cela, wajah sebening kristal dan terlihat natural. Penggemar seolah dibuat berpikir, 'Apakah mereka manusia sungguhan atau seorang peri yang baru keluar dari hutan?' Kekuatan inilah yang membuat visual SM Entertainment tidak ada duanya. Visual dari Irene 'Red Velvet', Yoona 'SNSD', Minho 'SHINee', Sehun 'EXO', sampai Taeyong 'NCT', hampir semua visual dari SM Entertainment selalu tampak memesona dan sulit untuk bisa menetap pada satu visual idola saja.

Sementara visual dari grup besutan JYP Entertainment, bisa terlihat dari cara idola berpakaian, berjalan, hingga bertutur kata di hadapan publik. Mereka tampak begitu elegan, anggun dan berkarisma seperti berasal dari keluarga bangsawan. Pendiri dari JYP Entertainment, Park Jin Young sepertinya mempunyai standar yang menarik dalam menentukan seorang visual. Misalnya, Tzuyu 'TWICE', Suzy, Jinyoung 'GOT7', Nichkhun '2PM', Sohee 'Wonder Girls', hingga Yuna 'ITZY'

Sedangkan dari Big Hit sendiri, menentukan visual di grup biasanya dari kekuatan pesona seorang anggota. Meski setiap anggota punya pesonanya masing-masing, tetapi biasanya ada seorang anggota yang menonjol, sekali lihat bisa ketebak bahwa dia adalah seorang visual di grup. Seperti halnya, Jin 'BTS', V 'BTS', Jungkook 'BTS' yang selalu terlihat bersinar, nih. Duh, rasanya memang semua anggota BTS itu punya pesona yang bersinar, sih. Namun, nggak hanya mengandalkan paras, Big Hit juga pernah menghadirkan sisi manly yang kuat untuk visual, misalnya Lee Chang Min dari 'Homme', sebuah grup duo yang sempat bernaung di bawah agensi Big Hit Entertaiment, jauh sebelum BTS didebutkan.

Meski memiliki ciri khas sebagai agensi hip-hop terbesar di Korea, justru visual dari YG Entertainment sangat unik, lho. Kebanyakan visual dari agensi ini memiliki kesan polos, menggemaskan, paras seperti boneka, dan bertingkah laku layaknya anak kecil. Sebut saja, Dara '2NE1', Jisoo 'BLACKPINK', Jin Woo 'WINNER', sampai Yunhyeong 'iKON'. Hampir semua visual YG Entertainment punya karakteristik tersebut. Sekali lihat, bisa langsung ketahuan bahwa inilah visual dari agensi Yang Hyun Suk.

5. Paras yang seperti karakter anime Idola yang dilahirkan dari Woolim Entertainment akan membuat penggemar seolah melihat seorang tokoh keluar dari komik. Yup, Woolim Entertainment menghadirkan visual seperti karakter anime. Seperti L atau Kim Myung Soo yang pesonanya tampak seperti tokoh Death Note. Bahkan, suara dan gerakannya menyerupai karakter tersebut. Nggak hanya L yang visualnya mirip dengan karakter anime, tetapi ada juga Mijoo 'Lovelyz'.

7. Mempunyai reputasi akademi yang luar biasa Jika paras sudah menawan, postur tubuh sudah tampak sempurna, maka kemampuan di bidang akademik juga nggak kalah penting diperhatikan oleh agensi. Salah satunya, Fantagio Entertaiment. Visual dari agensi ini menampilkan sosok yang cerdas dan berprestasi di sekolah. Tak lain dan tak bukan, Cha Eun Woo 'ASTRO' yang dinilai memiliki standar seperti yang diinginkan oleh Fantagio. Parasnya yang rupawan, posturnya yang semampai, ditambah dengan akademisnya yang memukau, semua ada di dalam diri Cha Eun Woo. Di luar bidang akademik, Eun Woo pernah menjadi 'presiden sekolah' saat kelas 6 SD, menjadi ketua kelas dalam beberapa tahun. Nggak hanya itu, ia juga menjadi kapten di tim basket dan sepak bola ketika mengenyam pendidikan di sekolah menengah pertama. Sementara di bidang akademik, Eun Woo berhasil menempatkan dirinya di peringkat ketiga dari seluruh siswa di sekolahnya. Serta, meraih juara kedua dalam kompetisi bahasa Inggris dan adu debat di sekolah. Wah, nggak salah jika Cha Eun Woo bikin penggemar makin jatuh hati sama sosok ini, ya.

Kalau sudah berhubungan dengan visual, nggak jauh-jauh dari popularitas yang tinggi. Seorang visual bisa menjadi magnet bagi siapa saja yang melihat, aura tampannya mampu memikat penggemar dari berbagai kalangan. Pledis Entertainment sendiri biasanya menetapkan visual idol yang terlihat seperti anak-anak populer di sekolah, khususnya penuh pesona dan berkarisma. Seperti halnya, Mingyu 'SEVENTEEN', Xiyeon eks 'PRISTIN', Hwang Minhyun 'Nuest'. Hmm, ternyata masing-masing agensi Kpop punya kriteria pesona visual yang berbeda-beda, ya. Jadi, makin sulit buat memilih. Kalau kamu sendiri, mana yang menjadi visual kesayangan, Bela? Baca Juga: 10 Fakta Karry Wang, Idola Baru & Anak Muda Terkaya di Tiongkok Baca Juga: Kartu Elit Para Miliarder, Inilah 6 Idol Kpop yang Memiliki Black Card Baca Juga: 11 Idol Kpop Ini Punya Kebiasaan Tidur yang Aneh Banget, Jadi Gemas!The South Korean pop sensation BTS have celebrity fans in Hollywood which includes John Cena, Tyra Banks and Emma Stone, among others. Now, they also have an official Indian celebrity fan, as revealed by Telugu actress Rashmika Mandanna on Monday.

In her recent virtual live interaction with fans on Twitter, Mandanna was asked by a fan if she was a BTS fan, to which she responded that she indeed is. The answer rejoiced Indian BTS Army who then followed up a series of questions regarding the seven-member band.

Mandanna said that her favourite BTS song is their latest hit Dynamite and she also liked their 2019 single Boy With Luv. The Sarileru Neekevvaru actress also said she absolutely loved the choreography of the ON, which is also one of her favourite songs. When asked which member she liked the most, Mandanna replied that each one of them exuded strong personalities and it was tough to pick one.

The actress also revealed that she had started watching BTS videos as a stress buster. It is not just regular army but celebrity fans of the band too who rely on BTS to provide them with motivation, and serotonin.

Ranked as one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people of 2019, the band is known to provide its fans with encouragement and feel-good vibe. With their recent song Dynamite, the band explained how they wanted their fans to feel optimistic about life in these tough times. Their message of self-love resonated with fans all around the world, transcending the barriers of language and culture.

The Dear Comrade actress who played the role of a cricket player in the movie also shared her thoughts on IPL. She said that she has anxiety issues if she watches the whole match. “I cannot deal with such stress. I support everyone. I am everybody’s baby. I don’t know who will win but all the best to everyone and congrats to the winner.”After 18 months in the Korean army, it’s time for BTOB’s Minhyuk, 2pm’s Junho, Shinee’s Key and Minho and these other idols to get back to the recording studio – and the limelight – but for other K-pop stars, social media and stalking sasaeng fans became too muchK-pop star Seungri's life has been ridden with controversies. The South Korean singer and songwriter first rose to fame in the mid-2000s as the youngest member of the boy band Big Bang under YG Entertainment and tugged at fans' heartstrings after their second single 'Strong Baby' dropped. With tracks like 'Let's Not Fall in Love', 'Bang Bang Bang' and 'Loser', he became one of the most popular stars in no time.

However, his alleged involvement in the Burning Sun scandal, a string of sexual abuse allegations that rocked South Korea's entertainment industry, had a major impact on his career. In 2019, after the allegations surfaced, he dramatically quit the industry and in 2020, he was indicted on prostitution and gambling charges, as per a CNN report. Where is he now and what happened to him after he retired from the world of showbiz?

Born on December 12, 1990, as Lee Seung-Hyun, he was raised in Gwangju, South Korea and was fond of dancing since his early days. With big dreams in his eyes, he took part in a reality television series called 'Let's Coke Play! Battle Shinhwa' to find the next Shinhwa. Although he was eliminated in the ninth round, YG Entertainment approached him to audition for the new boy band, Big Bang, and join five other members: T.O.P, Taeyang, G-Dragon, Daesung, and Hyun-Seung before their debut in 2006.

By 2008, all the members of the band began branching out to focus on their solo careers. At that time, Seungri was the first one to clinch an acting gig in a musical with Sonagi and also hosted MBC's music program 'Show! Music Core' alongside Daesung. He came back to the band for their second studio album 'Remember' and won his first triple crown for 'Strong Baby'. He then starred in his first film 'Why Did You Come to My House?' and soon went on to be a part of umpteen movies and TV shows.

Sex scandals and first set of allegations

In 2012, his career took a setback when a Japanese woman who allegedly had a one-night stand with the boy band member said he likes to "strangle his lover" during the act, according to a Korea JoongAng Daily report after the tabloid Friday published bed photos. He then took a step back from his promotional activities and opened up about the reports in 2013 on the SBS talk show 'Incarnation'.

"It was the first time in history that an idol became the center of a scandal like that. The magazine I was published in is very famous - they don't even bother talking about anyone who is not famous," he said. He then admitted that he knew the pictures and story was going to be published. "To be honest, I was told about it being printed in the magazine a week beforehand. It's not printed on the Internet but printed in a factory. So I couldn't stop it even though I knew," he said.

Although he gained much recognition in the next few years after the release of his EP 'Let's Talk About Love', toured extensively from 2015 to 2016 with his band for their third album 'Made' and starred in several films, the controversy came back to haunt his life. In 2019, he was at the center of several allegations surrounding a nightclub named Burning Sun, founded in 2018 and managed by two CEOs; Lee Moon-ho and Lee Seong-Hyun.

The singer was soon embroiled in a set of drug-related and prostitution allegations and soon after, he decided to quit the entertainment industry. At that time, he wrote on Instagram: "I just cannot bear causing any further damage to people around me, while being hated and criticized by the public and being treated as a nation's enemy during the investigation."

According to the Seoul Metropolitan Police, Burning Sun was the site of bribery, violence against customers, securing prostitutes for VIPs, rape, drug trafficking, and drug use. In an emergency press conference, National Police Agency Chief Min Gap-ryong revealed they had found a connection to a group chat room from 2015 and Seungri was a part of it.

Apologizing to his fans and followers, he solemnly told the press, “I deeply apologize to the public and everyone around me who was hurt by me.” In January 2020, Seungri was indicted without detention for allegedly organizing prostitutes, habitual gambling, and illegal foreign currency trade, a PR official from the Seoul Central Prosecutors' office confirmed to CNN.

Where is he now?

Seungri was set to enlist in Nonsan Army Training Center on March 25, 2019, but it was delayed due to the Burning Sun scandal. In March 2020, he was photographed arriving at the 6th Infantry Recruit Training Center in Cheorwon County, Gangwon Province. Dressed in a black hooded jumper, a black jacket and black tracksuit bottoms with grey trainers, he dodged all questions from the press.

Reportedly, enlistment means trials will be held in military courts. According to a Soompi report, he is set to undergo five weeks of military training before he begins serving as an active-duty soldier. Meanwhile, Big Bang continues with its remaining four members who are dubbed as the Kings of K-pop — G-Dragon, T.O.P, Taeyang, and Daesung.Jaemin of NCT is a multitalented K-pop star and accomplished actor, who still loves doing charity work for those in need.South Korean girl group GFRIEND is set to perform at the 9.9 Super Shopping Day event held by e-commerce platform Shopee on Sept. 9 at 7 p.m.

The performance will air on local television channels, such as SCTV, Indosiar, RCTI and MNCTV, and will be streamed on Shopee Live and Shopee Indonesia’s YouTube channel.

In addition to the performance, GFRIEND, which consists of Eunha, Yerin, Sowon, Umji, Yuju and SinB, will participate in several games during the show. The event will also feature Nella Kharisma, Syahrini and Ayu Ting Ting, among others.

Promotions will be on offer during the event, including free delivery, a midnight sale with discounts up to 90 percent, flash sales and 50 percent cash back.

“By featuring GFRIEND, hopefully we can provide entertainment for all Shopee users and K-pop fans in Indonesia,” Shopee Indonesia public relations lead Aditya Maulana said in a statement. “Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, we hope we can give an interesting and fun shopping experience for our users in Indonesia through a series of initiatives in this campaign.”

In 2019, Shopee invited GFRIEND to perform in Indonesia at its 11.11 Big Sale event. The group was also in the lineup of online Korean culture festival KCON:TACT 2020 Summer in June, which was livestreamed on Shopee Live.

Shopee was launched in 2015 in Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, the Philippines and Taiwan. It is available on the App Store and the Play Store. (wir/wng)K-popissa Laitista kiehtoo sen visuaalisuus ja vahva kitsch-henki. Mitään ei oteta liian vakavasti, vaikka tuotannot ovat valtavia ja taustalla on vuosia kovaa työtä. Laitinen ei innostu “mies ja kitara -meiningistä”, vaan tykkää kun teosten eteen nähdään vaivaa.

– Nyt on ihanaa huomata, miten paljon enemmän aasialaisia ihmisiä ja kulttuuria näkyy valtavirtamediassa, vaikka se kiinnostus kohdistuukin etupäässä Koreaan ja Japaniin. Ohjelmassa on siis myös thai-poppia luvassa!

K-pop on maailmalla ja Suomessa suositumpaa kuin koskaan, ja siksi YleX:n oli korkea aika reagoida innokkaan fanikunnan toiveisiin. Papananaaman K-pop-show palvelee sekä alan vannoutuneita harrastajia että satunnaiskuulijoita.

– Haluan nauttia musiikista, mutta myös analysoida sitä. En ole ylifani ja huomaan, kun teoksessa on jotain ongelmallista tai kritisoitavaa. Haluan nostaa ongelmia esille ja keskustella niistä rakentavasti, Laitinen sanoo.

Asiallista pönötystä hän yrittää vältellä. Hauskuus on k-popissa tärkeää, ja siksi siitä ei voi puhua liian vakavasti.Whether sporting a T-shirt with a feminist slogan or commenting on criminal cases involving sexism, these South Korean idols are taking on the haters to champion the unpopular feminist cause and lead the fight against widespread gender inequalityPocas metáforas más recurrentes en la industria musical que aquella que convierte, lenguaje mediante, a los artistas exitosos en máquinas de hacer dinero. En la tierra del K-pop, ya un fenómeno global, lo han llevado al siguiente nivel: a partir de ahora cotizarán en bolsa. Big Hit Entertainment, la empresa detrás de BTS, el grupo más famoso del género, prepara un inminente asalto al parqué sucoreano. Esta operación hará un poco más ricos a sus integrantes, agasajados cada uno de ellos con un paquete accionarial valorado hasta en 6,5 millones de euros.

El pasado 28 de mayo, Big Hit inició el procedimiento oficial para ser incluida en el principal índice del país, el KOSPI. La firma ofrecerá 7,13 millones de títulos a un precio unitario que oscilará entre 105.000 y 135.000 wones (de 75 a 96 euros). De este modo, pretende atraer más de un billón de wones (712 millones de euros), lo que supondría la mayor salida a bolsa en Corea del Sur de los últimos tres años.

Esta operación servirá para medir la confianza de los inversores en un sector muy afectado por la pandemia, la cual ha provocado la cancelación generalizada de conciertos y eventos de todo tipo. En 2019, Big Hit ingresó más de la mitad de sus beneficios netos antes de impuestos gracias a actividades presenciales que las medidas de distanciamiento social han hecho imposibles.

Entre los damnificados se encuentran los miembros de BTS, cuyo plan original para estos meses pasaba por embarcarse en una gira mundial. Para evitar las millonarias pérdidas, Big Hit ha recurrido a alternativas novedosas como un concierto online con entradas a la venta a partir de 29.000 wones (unos 20 euros) que atrajo a 750.000 espectadores de 107 países distintos, cantidad equivalente al público de 15 conciertos tradicionales.

La andadura de BTS –acrónimo de múltiples acepciones: Bangtan Sonyeondan, Bulletproof Boy Scouts, Beyond the Scene...– se remonta a 2010, año en el que comenzaron la exhaustiva formación que caracteriza a las futuras estrellas del K-pop, y tres años más tarde lanzaron su primer disco. Impulsados por la emergencia internacional de este tipo de música, en 2018 coronaron la cima del Billboard 200, la lista de éxitos estadounidense, con su álbum Love Yourself: Tear. Repitieron honor con los tres siguientes, convirtiéndose en el primer grupo desde Los Beatles en alcanzar el número 1 en EEUU con cuatro discos distintos en menos de dos años.

Hace dos semanas añadieron otra medalla a su pechera, como los únicos artistas coreanos en debutar en lo más alto del Billboard Hot 100 de sencillos con su tema Dynamite, el primero que interpretan por entero en inglés. Su pegadiza melodía y su simple letra se reprodujo más de 34 millones de veces en Estados Unidos, más que ninguna otra en los últimos tres años. “Es un poco irreal porque no podemos encontrarnos con nuestros seguidores ni recoger premios o asistir a eventos”, aseguró al respecto RM, líder del grupo, en declaraciones recogidas por la agencia Reuters.

Sin embargo, la salida a bolsa les reservaba un cuantioso consuelo. El director general de Big Hit, Bang Si-hyuk, ha optado por hacer entrega a cada uno de los siete miembros que componen BTS de 68.385 acciones de la empresa, las cuales estarían valoradas hasta en 9.200 millones de wones (6,56 millones de euros por cabeza), según las predicciones más optimistas. Este “regalo” pretende “fortalecer la colaboración a largo plazo con grandes artistas e impulsar su motivación”, ha explicado la empresa en los documentos presentado ante las autoridades competentes.

Estos mismos archivos reflejaban que más del 97% de las ventas de Big Hit del año pasado estuvieron relacionadas con BTS, así como el 87% de las de este año. Pero estas asombrosas cifras también revelan una preocupante vulnerabilidad: dos miembros todavía deben completar el servicio militar obligatorio, por lo que es posible que el grupo no pueda actuar al completo en una temporada. A la luz de estos obstáculos, Big Hit ha comenzado a diversificar su cartera de talentos, empezando por adquirir Pledgis Entertainment, firma rival que controla a otros grupos populares como Seventeen y Nu’Est.

A pesar de su éxito fulgurante, a BTS todavía le quedan logros por alcanzar. “Una actuación en solitario en los Grammy o una nominación son algunos de nuestros sueños”, apuntaba RM. A partir de ahora, sus triunfos harán felices por igual a seguidores e inversores, jóvenes y mayores.Actualización. El 30 de noviembre del 2020, ENHYPEN lanzó su mini álbum debut Border: Day one. En simultáneo, publicó el MV de su tema promocional, “Given-Taken”.

A las 8.00 p.m. de ese mismo día, en su showcase debut DAY ONE realizaron la primera presentación en vivo de su canción promocional.

Dicho evento trasmitido por Mnet se encuentra disponible y completo en el canal en YouTube Mnet K-POP.

Luego de tres meses de competencia, el raelity I-LAND eligió a sus siete ganadores y formó el grupo ENHYPEN. En este artículo conocerás un poco más acerca de los integrantes y cómo será su esperado debut.

Aquí te contaremos qué significa ENHYPEN, datos de los miembros del grupo K-pop, sus redes sociales oficiales y su material de estreno.

Bang Si Hyuk, CEO de Big Hit, explicó en el último programa de I LAND por qué escogió el nombre ENHYPEN.

“Pienso que el nombre encaja bien con sus identidades y el papel que deberían de desempeñar. Luego de un proceso largo de audición, ellos crecieron. Es un buen nombre porque quiero que conecten con el mundo”.

¿Quiénes son los miembros de ENHYPEN?

Nombre completo Yang Jung Won y nació el 2 de septiembre de 2004.

El verdadero nombre de Jay es Park Jong Seong, nació el 20 de abril de 2002 en Seattle, Washintong, Estados Unidos.

Shim Hae Yoon, verdadero nombre de Jake, nació en Brisbane, Australia un 15 de noviembre de 2002.

Lee Hee Seung nació un 15 de octubre de 2001 en Corea del Sur.

Park Seung Hoon es el cantante y bailarín del grupo ENHYPEN. Nació un 8 de diciembre de 2002 en Corea del Sur.

Kim Sun Oo nació el 24 de junio de 2003.

Nishimura Riki es el nombre de Ni-Ki, el maknae de ENHYPEN. . Nació en Japón un 9 de diciembre de 2005.

Puedes encontrar el perfil oficial del grupo K-pop bajo el usuario de @enhypen.

Asimismo, la cuenta verificada de ENHYPEN en Twitter es: @ENHYPEN.

Las otras cuenta oficiales en redes sociales de ENHYPEN son:

Revive la presentación de los siete integrantes de ENHYPEN y su reacción tras ser anunciados como los ganadores del programa de supervivencia de aprendices I-LAND.

Todavía ENHYPEN no ha revelado el día exacto de su debut, pero vienen realizando actividades para confraternizar con los fans. Por ejemplo, brindaron una transmisión en vivo por V Live.

Los siete aprendices agradecieron a los fans que los apoyaron a lo largo de la competencia. No dudaron en demostrar su aegyo o ternura frente a la cámara.

Si tienes problemas para visualizar la transmisión completa, puedes ingresar AQUÍ

BE:LIFT publicó el cronograma oficial de promoción para el pronto debut de ENHYPEN. Las fechas de lanzamiento de contenido no se han revelado aún, excepto la de un concurso para asignarle nombre a su fandom que comenzó el domingo 20.

Además de las fotos perfil que ya se publicaron, pronto se lanzará un detrás de cámaras, notas individuales de cada miembro y al parecer también se conectarán seguido por la app VLive pues se menciona apariciones en grupo y en solitario.

Como extra, BE:LIFT muestra que habrá más contenido de los 22 aplicantes de I-LAND. Este será un “Campamento de entrenamiento de verano” y una sesión de preguntas y respuestas con cada uno de ellos.

El 22 de noviembre a las 12.00 a. m. KST, el canal de YouTube Big Hit Labels publicó el primer video teaser del debut de ENHYPEN. El clip en cuestión, que acumuló cerca de medio millón de vistas en dos horas y que actualmente ya bordea los tres millones, es titulado “Choosen-Chosen”.

El 19 de octubre, BELIFT LAB confirmó a Newsen que EHNYPEN debutaría en noviembre de 2020.

La etiqueta se pronunció tras el informe de Ten Asia sobre el presunto lanzamiento de la boyband para fines de dicho mes, y esto fue lo que compartió: “ENHYPEN se está preparando con el objetivo de debutar en noviembre”.

El 30 de noviembre, se liberó el MV “Given-taken”. Hasta el 8 de diciembre acumuló 16 millones de reproducciones.

El mismo día, los siete miembros de ENHYPEN realizaron un evento online.

Suscríbete aquí al boletín Espectáculos La República y recibe de lunes a sábado en tu correo electrónico las noticias más resaltantes del entretenimiento nacional e internacional, así como los temas que son tendencia en las redes sociales.With K-Pop expanding popularity all over the globe, different countries are creating their own mutation of the sub-genre.

In 2017, a Korean woman decided to do an experiment questioning whether Koreans will accept a group of all-non-Asians.

The all-American boy group, EXP Edition, debuted originally in 2015 and was marketed towards the US. 

But, with their comeback called Stress, Koreans and international fans started accepting them. 

They were called “koreaboos” and got judged for being grown men and not following beauty standards, but they did the training and took the time to learn Korean and about the Korean culture, therefore, EXP Edition, were accepted. 



KAACHI is a 4 member European K-Pop girl group formed under FrontRow Entertainment. Their names are: Coco, Dani, Chunseo, and Nicole and as far as nationalities go, there are 2 Hispanic members, one British member, and Chunseo is both Spanish and Filipino on her mom’s side.

The group debuted April 2020 with “Your Turn” and were sadly the laughingstock of the K-Pop fandom. The members had 5 years of individual experience and 3 months as a group. 

Some of the members have lived in Korea too. For example, Nicole danced at 1 Million Dance Studio.

Although KAACHI’s debut got bad reviews from K-Pop fans, KAACHI are significantly improving day by day and have even worked with K-Pop YouTuber, Johnny, on some covers.

They have a big fanbase, tons of support, and KAACHI’s comeback is hip hop with a sexy visual and is allegedly in October.

5 High is an Indian K-Pop group formed by 9XO. They haven’t fully debuted yet, but they released a prereleased demo cover of Piri by Dreamcatcher.

The group hasn’t received tons of hate, but their company got criticized for the bad production and mixing on the cover, as the girls’ vocals didn’t get the chance to fully shine. 







PRISMA is a K-Pop girl group formed under UnionWave Entertainment. They have 2 European members and a couple Asian members.

They trained in Korea for a couple years and their debut is supposed to arrive in October. 





ROSEGOLD is an 8 member K-Pop inspired coed group based in the US. The group is self-produced and works remotely, considering that the members live in different areas of the world.

The group debuted in 2020 with NASCAR, Salem Witch Trials, and Bloody Mary. The group was formed as a social experiment between two BTS ARMY’s, Aisha and Bombi. They recorded a few songs in July 2019 and ROSEGOLD gained a following since then. 

Their debut was criticized by K-Pop fans and they had unnecessary hate, death threats, cyberbully, and harassment thrown at them on social media. 

They were called “koreaboos”, “fake”, and fake rumors were made about them (such as “Aisha ships herself to Jungkook”, “Aisha likes Oli London”, “the rap line compared themselves to Jennie”).

There also was a full hate account and hate group dedicated towards ROSEGOLD and haters threatened to delete ROSEGOLD’s social media accounts and sabotage their comeback.

ROSEGOLD is a very diverse group with members ranging from 13-20, different nationalities (European, British, American, Thai-Australian, and a new Filipino member).

The members names are Aisha, LC, Saya, Vivie, Rhapsody, Elli, Angel, and Yuuri.

The group is breaking boundaries by including their first boy member and his name is Rhapsody. 

A couple ROSEGOLD members started out as ROSEGOLD haters themselves, but realized that the group deserved love, so they joined the group.

The group has a training TV series, a few solo releases, a few collabs, a Halloween comeback, and even an All-Korean song coming very soon and it shows how strong ROSEGOLD are as a group.

The ROSEGOLD members have even cheered on KAACHI, 5 High, PRISMA, and other international K-Pop groups.

And lastly, ROSEGOLD are recruiting a K-Pop vocal coach, Korean teacher, a Korean translator, and a professional to mix, master, produce, and edit their comeback.



In conclusion, if international Kpop groups are willing to put in the effort like actual idols, then they can call themselves whatever they want.Kpop groups often have very diverse and unique concepts every time they have a comeback and the title tracks they are promoting are directly linked to that concept. Some groups have taken it a step further and produced title tracks inspired by William Shakespeare's works with concepts associated with it. Here are some of those groups and their songs inspired by Shakespeare's works.

Released on 6 July 2011, this song is inspired by 'Romeo and Juliet.' In it, the members profess their love to 'Juliette' and plead with her to love them back, capturing the same passion evident in Romeo's declaration of love in the famous balcony scene.

Another song inspired by the famous tragedy, 'Romeo and Juliet,' this song was released on 21 May 2014. The group invokes the heartbroken Romeo of Act 5, who believes that his love is dead, through this song.

3. 'Not By The Moon' by GOT7

In this song released on 20 April 2020, the members promise their love to 'Juliet' and ask for her love in return but, in a twist, asks her to "swear not by the moon, th' inconstant moon." In the play, it had been Juliet asking Romeo to not do so in the balcony scene.

4. 'To Be Or Not To Be' by ONEUS 

The latest song on this list, it was released on 19 August 2020. The title stems from the start of Hamlet's famous soliloquy: "To be or not to be - that is the question." And it is indeed the question facing the vampire monarchs of ONEUS' storyline who must choose between life and death while standing at the crossroads of fate.

Bonus: 'Be Mine' by ONEUS (original by INFINITE)

This song was performed as part of Mnet's 'Road to Kingdom.' As the original song was about tragic love, ONEUS decided to put a spin on it by portraying it as the love story of Romeo and Juliet. The group also rearranged the song and added new lyrics that directly reference the play, with member Ravn also contributing as a lyricist.

Do you know of any more Kpop songs inspired by William Shakespeare's works?Wondering which K-pop artists are streamed the most on 'Spotify'?

On an online community forum, a netizen listed the top 10 most-streamed K-pop artists by categorizing them into 'solo', 'boy group', and 'girl group' singers.

Among the solo singers, IU, Taeyeon, and Jay Park topped the list of most streams, while BLACKPINK, TWICE, and Red Velvet and BTS, EXO, Seventeen topped their respective categories. Each number reflects the artist's comprehensive number of streams on 'Spotify' from their singles and albums.

Without categorization, the Kpop artists that have been streamed the most on 'Spotify' are BTS, BLACKPINK, and TWICE.

Check out the lists below:

Which artists do you stream the most on 'Spotify'?30 New K-Pop Groups That Will Debut In 2020

We are near the end of 2020 and here are some groups that have or haven't debut yet this year and we noticed that there are at least 30 K-Pop groups that will be making their step into the K-Pop industry.

Let's check out who they are!

Many would recognise the members B.O.Y as they are none other than Song YuVin and Kim KookHeon! The two of them initially debuted as members of MYTEEN and later went onto Mnet "Produce X 101". With a fresh new start, many fans could not wait to see their new beginning on Jan. 7 with mini album "Phase One : YOU".

Brave Entertainment has been teasing their new boy group for some time and many fans are getting more and more curious about this boy group that consists of 9 members. DKB had debuted on Feb. 3 with their 1st mini album "Youth"!

DUSTIN is a new boy group from LPA Entertainment who debuted on Jan. 6. Consisting of 7 members, the boys have been constantly communicating with their fans through their official social media account.

Those who had watched "World Klass" would know who TOO is! They are the 10 boys who had gone through an audition survival program and made it to the debuting group. Not long ago, the final lineup was decided and the boys had debuted on Apr. 1 with "REASON FOR BEING : 仁".

C9 Entertainment has also been teasing fans about their upcoming new girl group C9 GIRLZ. They had debuted with their lead single 'NUN NU NAN NA' on Feb. 3 and their first Comeback in April with ASSA and Another comeback September 22nd 2020 with their first Mini album

Vine Entertainment had been teasing about their new girl group for months and they will be finally debuted on May 19! They are called Secret Number and consist of 5 members. Some might also recognise a few of them as they had previously appeared on TV programs such as "Produce 48" and "K-Pop Star".

MCND is the latest boy group from TOP Media and they had debuted with powerful track 'Ice Age' on Feb. 27. They are currently 'killing' the K-Pop fans with their lovely charms and strong visuals.

UNVS debuted back in February with their single 'Timeless'! They are also now gaining more fans through reality program "Rookie King" where they get to show off their real selves

CRAVITY is the upcoming new boy group under Starship Entertainment who debuted on Apr. 14. Some of the members would seem familiar to you as they had previously appeared on Mnet "Produce X 101"!

As of now, FNC Entertainment did not release much information about their new boy group after the announcement that they will debuting some time in summer. Who else is curious to find out more about them?

UPDATE: FNC had finally shared more news about their upcoming boy group and mentioned that it will consist of 6 members. They will be debuting some time later in fall through a movie "P1H" featuring CNBLUE's YongHwa.

Fans have been waiting for a long time for their debut and it looks like YG Entertainment will be finally debuting them this year. 12 boys with various and charming personalities are bound to get you hook onto them ,TREASURE made their debut on Aug. 7!

Aside from TREASURE, YG Entertainment had also confirmed that they have plans of debuting a new girl group later this year. Not much details had been shared but it looks like K-Pop fans can expect a new girl group.

Do you remember the girl group, Good Day ? It looks like some of the members will be making a new start by joining Red Square. Consisting of 5 members, Red Square has been teasing fans with various mysterious images and concepts.

They made their debut on May 19.

Confirmed by MBK Entertainment, Lee HanGyul and Nam DoHyon will be making their debut with 6 other members in a boy group. Although not much information was shared about them, the agency mentioned that the debut will take place probably in autumn this year.

We hope you did not forget about Son DongPyo who is talented and filled with bubbly energy! It was mentioned that he would most probably be making an official debut with the rest of the trainees under DSP Media this year. Although nothing has been confirmed, many are eager to see his debut with the other trainees.

Fans have been waiting for a long time and it looks like their debut is finally coming! Recently, they have been releasing short clips and teasers which suggest their impending debut.

. They debuted on June 30, 2020, with their debut EP, We Are.

2 members of E'LAST might be familiar to some as they had previously appeared on Mnet "Produce X 101". They are none other than WonHyuk and Lee WonJun! Debuting as a 8-member boy group, many are looking forward to see what they have to offer!

It was just recently announced that OUI Entertainment will be debuting their first K-Pop boy group in the later half of 2020. Many already have speculations about the possible members and some also could not wait to find out more about the boy group.

update:they will debut on October 5th with their 1st Mini Album

Under New Planet Entertainment, BXK will be the first male K-Pop group from the agency. They are set to make their impending debut in July. Already rumored to be a group with amazing skills, many are looking forward to check out their debut!

Update:Well they were supposed to debut in July but then they fell of the face of the earth never really to be heard of

A new girl group called PIXY will be joining the debuting groups in 2020! Some of you might recall that previous Cherry Bullet member, MiRae, will be debuting once again. It is said that she will be using the name Ella to promote. As of now, their debut date is yet to be confirmed.

A 8-member group, BOTOPASS, made their debut on August 26th! According to the reports, it was said that they have members who are fluent in English and Japanese.

For viewers of Mnet "Produce 101" Season 2 and JTBC "Mixnine", you would probably recall JaeChan as well as Hiro! The two of them are said to come together and debut as a duo! They made their debut on July 16.

RBW Entertainment will be debuting their new girl group, PURPLE KISS! It came as a surprise for many as they did not expect the debut to happen soon. Although their debut date has yet to be announced, many are already looking forward to them.

You would recall last year when Mnet "Produce X 101" had ended, the 3 trainees from Maroo Entertainment had formed TEEN TEEN . Maroo Entertainment did mention that the group will be promoting for a short period of time and it was announced that they will be debuting a 9-member boy group with the 3 members from TEEN TEEN soon.

Do you recall the girl group, NEONPUNCH ? If you do, 3 of the members will be debuting once again under the name XUM.

Originally, the girls was supposed to debut on Aug. 25. However, due to the pandemic, their debut was delayed.

Are you excited as a co-ed K-Pop group will be debuting? Formed under Grace Company Entertainment, the 5 members will be debuting on Sept. 21 with their debut single album 'DRUM

Formerly known as Woollim Rookies, the boys are now called DRIPPIN and will be debuting as a 7-member group.

While many K-Pop fans would have already known who the 6 members are, Woollim Entertainment is still keeping the last member as a secret. It is said that the boys will be debuting in October.

LUNARSOLAR made their debut on Sept. 2 with their debut single album "SOLAR : flare". The girls are gaining attention for their lovely and energetic songs.

Some K-Pop fans might recall the members as they had appeared on Mnet "Produce 101" Season 1 as well as JTBC "Mixnine".

PRISMA is gaining the interest of K-Pop fans especially it was noted that they have members who are from Spain, Italy, the U.S. and Korea. The multinational group is set to make their debut in October.The "Bermuda Triangle" is a region in the North Atlantic Ocean where endless amounts of planes and ships have disappeared mysteriously. Just like this infamous "Bermuda Triangle", the K-pop scene has its very own "Deadly Triangle" as well. When these trio appears together, K-pop fans and netizens eventually lose their direction and find themselves being "lost" to the top-tier visuals, influence, power, and oozing appeal of these idols !!!It’s quite sad how quickly they disbanded.



Not every K-Pop group may get off to a great start, where it may be difficult for some groups to even gain attention. Other groups just run into unfortunate situations. Here are 10 K-Pop groups who disbanded after debuting, where they only released 1 song or album.

Ye-A debuted in 2014 with their song “National Treasure”. The group never released any more music and is assumed to have disbanded sometime in 2015.

Demion debuted in 2013 with their single “Ask Her Out”. The group disbanded in 2014 due to their company having financial difficulties.

Bob Girls debuted in 2014 with their single “No Way”. In 2015, the contracts of all the members were terminated, which meant the group disbanded.

VIVIDIVA debuted in 2015 with their song “Service”. The group disbanded less than a year after their debut.

PURPLAY debuted in 2013 with their song “Watch Out PURPLAY”. They disbanded less than a year later.

BTL debuted in 2014 with their song “Beyond The Limit”. They disbanded in 2015.

1Punch was a duo that debuted in 2015 with their song “Turn Me Back”. ONE signed with YG Entertainment in the same year, which led to the duo’s disbandment. Samuel went on to participate in Produce 101 Season 2, as well as later debuting as a solo artist.

84LY debuted in 2012 with their single “Girl Talk”. The group soon disbanded in 2013.

The Ark debuted in 2015 with their song “The Light”. The group disbanded in 2016 due to multiple reasons, such as their debut not having great success & their company trying to change their concept to a sexy concept

X1 debuted in 2019 with their song “Flash”. The group disbanded less than a year later due to the Produce voting manipulationscandal.Guest singers are seated in a waiting room with the three hosts, where they introduce themselves to viewers. The order of performances is decided randomly by presenter Shin Dong-yeop drawing a ball containing the performer's name, and the 500 member audience votes after each round for their favorite performance. The performer with the most votes by the episode wins. Starting February 15, 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the votes will be made by 20 special judges (mostly KBS employees). They will score the artist however, the score will not be shown and instead a light will shine for the one with the most votes.

In the program where many legendary artists take the stage, the performances are completely live. Idols rarely taketrophy in Immortal Songs. Here are the idol group performances are able to get trophies in the program.

12.Hyun Jin-young with Golden Child - My Dear in My Vague Memories (EP 443)