A New Zealand choreographer has received death threats and homophobic abuse online from K-pop fans because they didn't like one of his dance routines.

Kiel Tutin, who is based in Auckland, became a worldwide trending topic on Twitter after fans of the South Korean girl group Blackpink trolled him for choreographing the group's new single, Lovesick Girls.

In an emotional Instagram post, the 24-year-old said that he opened Twitter on Saturday to discover '25,000 faceless accounts telling [me] to die'.

In addition to death threats, countless trolls attacked Kiel with homophobic slurs for being white and openly gay.

'I opened Twitter to see thousands and thousands of messages saying [the choreography] sucks, obviously insults, and making fake images of me being racist and saying that I should die and death threats,' he said.

'And whatever else the kids are doing these days,' he added.

'It's crazy to me that there's so many people that think that's okay and putting that much negativity out online.'

He also said that it was ironic given that he only choreographed a small part of the routine, with the group's Korean record label handling the rest.

'Only 20 per cent was used,' he said of his contribution to the routine.

'Which we've grown to accept with these K-pop companies because they'll contact multiple choreographers and they have in-house choreographers that change it and make their own decisions about what the artist should be doing.'

Kiel added that K-pop fans need to stop treating the artists 'like gods' and sending hate and negativity to their collaborators.

'I just don't think it’s wise putting people on such a high pedestal and then pushing down everyone around them. That’s not the way to succeed,' he said.

Blackpink has a strong Australian connection, as member Rosé Park was born in New Zealand and raised in Melbourne.

Her bandmate Jennie Kim also spent five years studying in New Zealand before returning home to South Korea.

The group have become quite successful Down Under, with their latest album recently debuting at No. 2 on the ARIA albums chart.

Unfortunately, their fandom, known as 'Blinks', are rapidly gaining a bad reputation among K-pop fans for their toxic behaviour online.

Last week, a gay MTV star was inundated with similar death threats and homophobic abuse on Twitter from the group's fans.

Alex Illest, who previously starred in MTV Canada's talk show 1 Girl 5 Gays, was repeatedly told to kill himself after calling Blackpink fans 'toxic' and 'psychotic' in a tweet.

The 30-year-old was targeted by the Blinks after they started harassing rapper Cardi B on Twitter for not promoting Blackpink's new album, which she features on.

In a since deleted tweet, Cardi wrote: 'I really love the girls but I won't let you lil kids play with me. I already got paid to do what I had to and I won't do no more.'

Alex responded to the tweet, telling the WAP hitmaker not to worry about the girl group's 'psychotic' fans.

After the Blinks started to attack Alex for the comment, he followed it up by tweeting: 'I love BLACKPINK but their stans are so toxic.'

A 'stan' is defined as 'an overzealous or obsessive fan of a particular celebrity.

Alex soon received hundreds upon hundreds of abusive tweets from the group's fans, with many of them containing death threats and homophobic slurs.

'They hate f*ggots just like you, go slit your wrists or some gay ass s**t,' wrote one.

'F*GGOT NEEDS TO BURN IN HELL,' added another, while one wrote: 'They hate white gays we know that's why we stan.'

Another troll tweeted: 'F*ggots like you should worry about you getting AIDS and fighting for your rights in countries worldwide instead of worrying about queens like Blackpink.'

'Dirty white f*g,' said another, while one tweeted: 'You are a white gay man without rights.'

Alex, who currently works with the Equality and Human Rights Council of Scotland, then posted screenshots of the abuse to his own Twitter feed.

When contacted for comment by Daily Mail, he said that he'd decided to share the abuse he received on Twitter to highlight the rampant homophobia on social media and among Blackpink's fandom.

'I don't believe Blackpink are homophobic or prejudice in any way and it’s a shame that a large portion of their fan base are defaming them in such a manner,' he said.

'I don’t want to discredit the millions of K-pop or Blackpink fans who conduct themselves in a civilized manner but if you mention k-pop stans to anyone who frequents Twitter they’ll shudder,' he continued.

'I decided to post a fraction of the disgusting comments I received in an attempt to bring awareness to the horrendous filth many innocent people endure on a daily basis. I’m an out, visibly queer person with experience in television, with not-for-profit organizations and I’ve been on social media for over a decade; I have thick skin. I can take it. I just fear for those who can’t.'

Blackpink officially debuted in 2016 and are currently one of the most successful pop acts in the world.

In addition to working with Cardi B, the girls have also collaborated with Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez and Dua Lipa.