REVIEW: One rabbit hole I’ve always been curious about, but never properly dived down, is K-pop.

You may have noticed; K-pop has hijacked mainstream music. They’ve saturated the market with saccharine pop like candy you can’t stop eating.

Blackpink’s The Album is an adrenalin-infused, 24-minute crash course in why K-pop is so popular. It compresses so many ideas into such a tiny space, you emerge the other side like you’ve been through a spin cycle.

Jennie from Blackpink lived in New Zealand when she first heard K- pop, and on her return home landed her dream role at the age of just 14. It’s big business, and aspects of it a deeply concerning. Performers are recruited young, thoroughly vetted, trained and scrupulously managed. Band members are combined to create maximum appeal with streamlined, programmed personalities.

READ MORE:

 * Welcome back to the weird and wonderful world of Sufjan Stevens

 * Why Alicia Keys' first album in five years is her most personal yet

 * Troy Kingi's Ghost of Freddy Cesar is his most flamboyant album to date

 * Selena Gomez and BLACKPINK's new song and music video will melt your 'Ice Cream'



The music is built by committee and road-tested for maximum profit, which is why it takes up so much chart space. Ice Cream featuring Selena Gomez was an early hit from this record, but they’ll be shooting for No.1 with Bet You Wanna with unstoppable force Cardi B.

All these songs barrage the senses, with hook-after-hook colliding together, like a cross between Ace Of Base and Migos, but in a good way.

Meanwhile, Shamir is a young artist from Las Vegas who continues to avoid cliché and definition. His 2015 debut Ratchet sounded like an underground party you weren’t invited to because you simply aren’t cool enough. A real bodice-ripper.

He’s prolific and keeps changing tack, but his latest album is self-titled, which I assume means he feels like he’s found his lane. Sometimes sounding rockabilly with a wild falsetto and sometimes synth pop with big ‘80s snares. Non-conventional chameleon blues has you experiencing the occasional double take, as you think, “is that the same singer as the last song”?

Roísín Murphy may not be a name you recognise, but you’ll be familiar with the Irish singer’s voice – at some point we’ve all heard 1998’s Sing It Back by Moloko. Murphy quietly punches out a solo record every few years, but on Roísín Machine, she delivers an epic serve of progressive disco proportions.

After 25 years in the game, she threads melodies and stitches beats effortlessly. There are traditional soulful choruses sometimes sung with diva-level drama, but she can also narrate a song with soft, sensual sweet nothings that lull you into the groove.

“I feel my story is still untold,” she seductively whispers on album opener Simulation, before mincing her way across the dancefloor over crisp hi-hats and solid, stompable basslines.