If you are a K-pop stan, McDonald’s has your back this KCON season as a premier sponsor of the world’s largest celebration of Korean culture and music. Starting today through October 25, fans can experience KCON:TACT season 2, virtually, from their living room (or location of choice).

Fans can connect virtually with hit group, The Boyz, through a special segment presented by McDonald’s

On Sunday, October 25, fans can watch “Crush Moment with The Boyz,” a special segment sponsored by McDonald’s that will feature the 11-member boy group, a headlining KCON:TACT performer. Over the last couple of weeks via social media, The Boyz invited their loyal fan base, “THE B,” to share the first moment they fell in love with the group. The Boyz will choose the top moments and reenact them during the segment.

“We’re excited to continue our partnership with KCON for the sixth consecutive year, and especially during this time when people’s access to fun and meaningful events and moments are limited and vastly different,” said Elizabeth Campbell, McDonald’s Senior Director of Cultural Engagement. “We recognize how important K-Pop is to our customers and are proud to continue celebrating this iconic cultural event, and giving fans access to The Boyz.”

ALSO READ: McDonald’s sweetens up breakfast with McCafé Bakery

McDonald’s has been a long-time sponsor of KCON with pop-ups at both the New York and Los Angeles events. Last year, convention attendees sampled World Famous Fries® and ice cream, met their favorite K-pop idols, and tried their hand at winning branded goodies through retro-style arcade machines. McDonald’s was also the livestream sponsor, bringing the concert directly to fans watching at home.

“We are excited to partner with McDonald’s to connect with our fans virtually, and give them a special moment,” said The Boyz. “We can’t wait for this segment as we know our beloved THE B is going to love it.”

For details about the full 10-day KCON:TACT experience, VISIT HERE. The entire program will be streamed exclusively on Mnet K-Pop VISIT HERE and KCON official YouTube channel VISIT HERE.

Subscribe: Sign up for our FREE e-lert here. Stay on top of the latest advertising, film, TV, entertainment and production news!