In the wonderful world of K-Pop, the group A.C.E’s journey into the spotlight has been an unusual one. The band name is short for Adventure Calling Emotions, and the five-strong group of men, made up of Jun, 26, Wow, 27, Donghun, 27, Byeongkwan, 24, and Chan, 22, are risk-takers: they were some of the best trainees from the top Korean entertainment agencies, and yet they took a leap of faith and formed a group under the small umbrella company of Beat Interactive.

Together, they have been on an unconventional path, hustling for their place in the spotlight. Combining old-school methods of busking on the streets of Seoul with building an online following (their fandom is known as Choice), through collaborating with the famous 1MILLION Dance studio, A.C.E will grab your attention by any means necessary – even if it means taking bold steps in breaking gender norms by performing in hot pants (a decision that proved controversial in 2017).

Since debuting three years ago, the group has amassed over one million subscribers on YouTube and released numerous albums. Their latest release is HJZM: The Butterfly Phantasy, which dropped last month, with the title track “Favorite Boys”. The album release was accompanied by imagery which pays homage to the boys’ Korean culture, from traditional fight choreography right down to styling variations on their ancestral clothes.

Miss Vogue met A.C.E in a café in Seoul to talk about making an album during a pandemic, the best parts of their culture, and the message of hope they are sending to their fans.

How have you been keeping busy during the lockdown?

Jun: It was not a happy time for us all. I have tried to communicate with my fans more than anything. We know that the fans have been waiting for our new album for a long time. We tried to express our gratitude in the new album. We spent a lot of time at home training, making music, working and refraining from going out.

How does HJZM: The Butterfly Phantasy differ from your previous album?

Byeongkwan: The biggest difference is that we started [defining] A.C.E’s universe, the world view.

Donghun: And in this album concept, we [made] many references to fables and traditional fairy tales.

Chan: If you watch the music video, the accessories with the costumes are traditional Korean accessories. We were very happy because those are very authentic elements of Korea, and it delivers Korean culture to international fans.

What are your favourite lyrics from the album?

Jun: “You are my only clover in this endless wandering.” I wrote this specifically for my fans [known as] Choice. Because if there were no fans, there [would be] no A.C.E.

Chan: From “Baby Tonight”: “I can give you more even though I lose everything that I have.”

Wow: In “Goblin (Favorite Boys)” there’s a chant before the chorus. I like it because it is very simple, like a goblin offering you wishes.

Donghun: In “Golden Goose”, [there is a line that] means, “Let’s lay gold eggs.” It might sound greedy, but I think it’s bold and dominant.

Byeongkwan: From “Golden Goose,” [a line that] means, “Now cut the belly of the goose that lays golden eggs.”

You put a lot of traditional references in the music video for “Favourite Boys”. What’s your favourite part of Korean culture?

Byeongkwan: In our choreography we have [incorporated] traditional wrestling. It’s called Ssireum.

What was it like shooting the teaser pictures for “Favourite Boys”, where you are photographed wearing traditional Korean hanboks, filmed under water?

Chan: I really liked the fact that I was [under water] for the first time. I was a little afraid of water, but it felt good to overcome it!

Jun: The underwater shooting was new to me and [it was] a very interesting process. Posing in the water was totally new and different to posing in the air. I swallowed lots of water from the tank. And water stuck in my nose for days. I couldn’t smell or taste food at all for days because of it.

Busking and singing covers is a big part of A.C.E’s background, which artists would you like to have cover your songs, and what songs would you like them to cover?

All talking at once: Oh my god, that’s so difficult! BTS! We’d like to sing with them – [either] “Under Cover” or “Favourite Boys”. We would also like to sing with Ed Sheeran, or 5 Seconds of Summer.

If you could go back in time and give advice to yourselves pre-debut, what would you say?

Byeongkwan: We were so tired during our training days because we couldn’t see the future, and we [didn’t] know when we [would] debut and meet our fans. But if we could, we would like to say: “You will meet great fans, true supporters that like you and love you, whatever you do.”

What do you want your fandom Choice to take away from this comeback?

Byeongkwan: The whole world is suffering [from the] pandemic and this lockdown situation. We would like to give Choice, our fans, joy. We want to cheer them up, because they really love us and we really love them.