Even if you've never heard a single K-Pop track in your entire life, you're at least privy to the fact that the genre pretty much owns social media, especially Twitter.

Two of the biggest outfits in the business are the girl group Blackpink and the Korean boy band BTS , so it's no surprise that a battle has erupted between stans of each group.

Seriously, go search for any popular trending term and you'll see at least a gajillion tweets tenuously linking whatever the subject matter is to a K-Pop group someone loves.

Who is currently winning the contest of Blackpink vs. BTS?

Let's make one thing clear right now: neither one of these musical groups are losing. They're both selling out entire stadiums of shows all over the world. They are making millions upon millions of dollars because fans can't get enough of their performances. BTS was also the first K-Pop group ever to present at the US Grammy awards and they put on a performance that absolutely knocked people's socks off.

While K-Pop often has music snobs turn their noses up at it for "samey" sounding beats and "nonsensical repetition", each of these groups, and countless other K-Pop musical acts are crushing it. But it's hard to deny that both Blackpink and BTS are the biggest in the business. In terms of social media engagement, they're actually pretty similar.

As of this writing, BTS has 31.6 million Instagram followers while Blackpink's IG following is at 30.5 mill, but BTS had about a three year head start on their female counterparts. What's interesting about BP is that unlike the typical K-Pop group which has no fewer than 12,000 members (just kidding, BTS has 7), they've only got four: Jennie, Lisa, Rose, and Jisoo.

So technically, BP's accomplishing more in a shorter amount of time with fewer people; the argument could be made that they already, pound for pound are winning the battle between them and BTS. On the other hand, BTS literally made K-Pop history, and many would argue that, while they certainly aren't the "OG" K-Pop boy band, they're the ones that helped to popularize the genre and launch it into the global stratosphere.