"Everybody go above the limit like me... Follow your mood, follow your feelings, why not? Do it!" So sings K-pop girl group Loona (stylized LOOΠΔ) in their empowering latest single “Why Not,” out Oct. 20.

The lead track of their new album [12:00], also released the same day, “Why Not” sets the mood for the entire work, as they relay motivational, addicting songs that aim to inspire girls, or as Loona refers to them, “Loonas,” around the world. The album, which is pronounced “midnight,” is Loona’s third EP, known as a mini album in the K-pop world, and spends its length showing not one or two but four different versions of the group, flitting between sonic styles and moods among its eight tracks, including on the standout euphoric dance track of a B-side released both in Korean (“Voice”) and English (“Star”).

This diversity of sound isn’t a surprise when it comes to Loona, which spent over a year introducing itself to the world with each of its 12 members releasing their own album that explored their distinct musicalities and artistry, along with some joint albums featuring smaller groupings of the dozen women. A dedication to showing the differences that make every woman, both in the group and beyond, beautiful and powerful permeates throughout their work. Fittingly, the music video for the vibrant, anthemic single “Why Not” shows not only each member of Loona having her own unique time to shine – plus a diversity of styles as if to further emphasize their individuality – but numerous other women, seemingly representing the diverse mix of Loonas, or women they hope to inspire, across the world.

Following the release of [12:00], Loona shared some insight into the album. Read what they had to say below.

Tamar Herman: How does it feel to make your highly-anticipated return?Kim Lip: I have been wondering how the fans [will] react because we have very different concepts for each album. As we have prepared this album for a long time, we are eager to show the new stage performance with our new looks. I really missed you guys, Orbit!

Herman: How did the creative process for this album differ from your prior releases?

JinSoul: Our new album [12:00] consists of 4 distinct concepts, unlike the other albums. With the concept of “Midnight Festival” as the main theme, we have 4 versions of Loona who enjoy the Midnight Festival.

Yves: Also, [SM Entertainment founder and K-pop producer] Soo-man Lee has participated in this album, continuing from our last album [#], and we would like to thank him for his attention, focus and effort in various areas as well as music.

Herman: It's been over half a year since you released "So What." How does it feel to be releasing a new album after all this time?

YeoJin : Since it has been 8 months we released ‘So What’, so we’ve always wondered how orbits react for those who have been waiting for this comeback. As we’ve mentioned before, the composition of the album has been diversified and we’re coming back with a new look, so I was looking forward to the fans’ reactions, but I was also nervous. It’s already been three years, but I’m still nervous whenever I’m on the stage, and thanks to orbit, who are always cheering for me, I hope you guys enjoy this album with us.

Herman: What's the meaning behind this album?

Yves: Our third EP is titled [12:00]. In our view of Loonaverse, this album is about holding a Moonlight Festival at [12:00], when the moon shines the brightest, a festival where no girl will feel silenced. Through this album, we are delivering the message of “With all Loonas around the world” and it means another connection to the world, so please look forward to it.

Go Won: We have delivered [specific] messages continuously, as with our previous albums from [XX] and [#]. These messages are intended for all Loonas around the world. On here, Loona could be the story of not only us, but also someone who’s going to listen to this album. Or a story of you, who is having a conversation with us. Through these messages, which are meant to be connected to the world, I wanted to continue to speak out and tell stories and give courage and hope to everyone so that the subject of the phrase “Getting comforted by music” can be applied to Loona.

Herman: As you say, this album is meant to be "a festival where no girl will feel silenced." What do you mean by that, and why do you think it's so important to emphasize that girls need to not feel silenced?

Olivia Hye: I think “worthiness” is the most important part of the message in [12:00]. Loving ourselves is more important than anyone else. I’m the one who knows myself the best, and I’m the one who should love me the most, so I hope everyone in this world will not forget that yourself is a worthy being. And I think emphasizing dignity, equality and freedom is also something to remember not to forget that they are “worthy.” It means that we hope that movement and change will occur by shouting out things that should not be forgotten with us.

Herman: Aside from the single, what are some other songs you want people to take particular note of?

Choerry: It’s our B-side track “Voice.” Through this album, we’ve crossed lines and boundaries to become one, and Loona in the world keeps sending the message of being together. We keep throwing our voices into the world, and this is not just Loona, but a voice of all Loonas around the world, so please look forward to “Voice.”

Herman: “Voice” was released as “Star” in English. How do you feel about releasing your first song in English?

ViVi: It’s our first time recording a song in English and, so that we could deliver the exact message, it was difficult to pronounce exact words with our emotions and meaning. However, we were practicing and enjoying recording this song because we were thinking about all the Orbits around the world who have been supporting us. So we felt new and fresh, and it was an experience where we wanted to make it more perfect next time.

Herman: What do you think is a hidden strong point of this album?

HeeJin: It’s about the “Loonaverse” which is connected into one lore. I think this is not just the [12:00] album, but the difference and the strength of Loona and all of our albums. Through our solo albums to group albums, every song and album is not individual, but connected to our Loonaverse. And I think everyone who is familiar with Loona, will be interested in the fact that each member has their own lore and is connected to each other. Our [12:00] album is also an extension of the Loonaverse, so it would be nice to think that our songs and albums are all part of a story.

Herman: Loona has a lot of love from around the world, even becoming a viral meme of “Stan Loon.” What about Loona do you think makes you so beloved?

Chuu: Isn’t it our perfect visuals from all of 12 members? I know we are a multi-member group, but each member is captivating fans with different charms, different visuals, and different moods. And the fact that we are showing perfect harmony and a united performance on the stage will give them unexpected charms, so I think that’s why we are getting lots of love.

Herman: The ongoing pandemic has impacted much of the world. How have you been handling the struggles of 2020?

HyunJin: The year of 2020 is something meaningful to us because it’s our first time having two comebacks within a year. But unfortunately, for safety, the chances of meeting our fans through concerts, fan sign events, and music programs has decreased. Of course, we are meeting our fans through online concerts and video calls but the energy that’s transmitted in those fields is really different [than live events]. I’m happy having four different concepts [in this album], but the year of 2020 will be a little bit disappointing because we cannot meet our fans.

Herman: What is your ultimate goal with this album?

Go Won: Every time we release an album, we’ve always broken our own records. With our second EP [#], which we released in February, we’ve set many records and even earned the nickname “Record Girls.” So this time, we set a bigger goal and [want to] make it to the Billboard main chart as our final goal.

This interview was conducted in English and Korean, and edited for clarity.