An openly gay MTV star has been inundated with death threats and vile homophobic abuse on Twitter from K-pop fans.

Alex Illest, who previously starred on MTV Canada's talk show 1 Girl 5 Gays, was repeatedly told to kill himself on Friday after calling fans of the South Korean girl group Blackpink 'toxic' and 'psychotic' on Twitter.

The 30-year-old was targeted by the group's fans after they started harassing rapper Cardi B on Twitter for not promoting Blackpink's new album, which she features on.

In a since deleted tweet, Cardi wrote: 'I really love the girls but I won't let you lil kids play with me. I already got payed to do what I had to and I won't do no more.'

Alex responded to the tweet, telling the WAP hitmaker not to worry about the girl group's 'psychotic' fans - known as Blinks.

After the Blinks started to attack Alex for the comment, he followed it up by tweeting: 'I love BLACKPINK but their stans are so toxic.'

A 'stan' is defined as 'an overzealous or obsessive fan of a particular celebrity.'

Alex also made fun of the group's album for only containing eight songs, joking that it should be an EP instead.

Alex soon received hundreds upon hundreds of abusive tweets from the group's fans, with many of them containing death threats and homophobic slurs.

'They hate f*ggots just like you, go slit your wrists or some gay ass s**t,' wrote one.

'F*GGOT NEEDS TO BURN IN HELL,' added another, while one wrote: 'They hate white gays we know that's why we stan.'

Another troll tweeted: 'F*ggots like you should worry about you getting AIDS and fighting for your rights in countries worldwide instead of worrying about queens like Blackpink.'

'Dirty white f*g,' said another, while one tweeted: 'You are a white gay man without rights.'

Alex, who currently works with the Equality and Human Rights Council of Scotland, then posted screenshots of the abuse to his own Twitter feed.

When contacted for comment by Daily Mail, he said that he'd decided to share the abuse he received on Twitter to highlight the rampant homophobia on social media and among Blackpink's fandom.

'I don’t believe Blackpink are homophobic or prejudice in any way and it’s a shame that a large portion of their fan base are defaming them in such a manner,' he said.

'I don’t want to discredit the millions of k-pop or Blackpink fans who conduct themselves in a civilized manner but if you mention k-pop stans to anyone who frequents Twitter they’ll shudder,' he continued.

'I decided to post a fraction of the disgusting comments I received in an attempt to bring awareness to the horrendous filth many innocent people endure on a daily basis. I’m an out, visibly queer person with experience in television, with not-for-profit organizations and I’ve been on social media for over a decade; I have thick skin. I can take it. I just fear for those who can’t.'

Blackpink officially debuted in 2016 and are currently one of the most successful pop acts in the world.

In addition to working with Cardi B, the girls have also collaborated with Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez and Dua Lipa.

The group has a strong Australian connection, as member Rosé Park was born in New Zealand and raised in Melbourne.

Her bandmate Jennie Kim also spent five years studying in New Zealand before returning home to South Korea.

They released their long-awaited debut album, titled The Album, on October 2.