After bringing together nearly five million fans for its first-ever digital run of the annual K-pop festival KCON this summer, its 10-day autumnal follow-up also delivered in viewership and engagement.

KCON shares that more than 4.4 million viewers tuned in for their KCON:TACT Season 2 over the course of the October 16-25 run.

K-pop artists including ATEEZ, Sunmi, AB6IX, Dreamcatcher, A.C.E, The Boyz, IZ*ONE, Park Ji Hoon, LOONA, CLC, KARD as well as Japanese boy band JO1 were all on hand to meet fans via live stream performances and other forward-thinking opportunities to make the virtual fest more intimate. Fans were able to join concerts and meet-and-greets as live audience members via Zoom—their faces even sometimes shown on screen—while multi-camera views and fan-request features made atendees feel all the more closer and connected to the Seoul-based broadcast.

Co-hosted by Korean-entertainment conglomerate CJ ENM and the Korean Creative Content Agency, KCON:TACT season 2 built upon the initial KCON:TACT 2020 Summer that reported more than 4.81 million viewers tuning in from 152 countries through their seven-day debut.

“In these times of uncertainty, two seasons of the KCON:TACT this year successfully drew over eight million fans around the world introducing latest Korean pop culture through staggering virtual stage performances and technologies,” the head of CJ ENM Music Concert and Festival Kim Hyun Soo said in a statement. “[The] KCON team will continue to bring a virtual world where fans can get a piece of that amazing artist interaction and multi-cultural experience they have come to expect from KCON.”

Fans gained access to KCON:TACT for $19.99 via YouTube for KCON:TACT as well as a month’s access of K-pop channel Mnet’s content and live streaming feed. For $24.99, fans got additional access and content including different camera views and VOD.

While the future of live music continues to be uncertain—especially for a multi-day, international festival like KCON that had most recently brought together 158,000 attendees to its 2019 dates in major cities like New York and Los Angeles—and “Zoom fatigue” worries digital creators, working towards increasingly ambitious and interactive experiences like KCON:TACT are all the more important to satisfy viewers’ need for music experiences.