After combining 20 different top-tier contestants, industry-leading mentors, special appearances from the likes of BTS, Seventeen and Tomorrow X Together as well as what might be the most intense conditions in televised singing-competition history, the finale of I-Land last month was an emotional, star-studded conclusion to pave the groundwork for what has been promised to create “next-generation K-pop artists.”

While Belift Lab, a joint venture between Korea-based superlabel Big Hit Entertainment and conglomerate CJ ENM, rolled out all the stops to introduce their new boy band named ENHYPEN, there’s still loads more for the band to accomplish ahead of their eventual debut onto the music scene. With a reported 34 million accumulative viewers for I-Land and quickly growing social-media accounts (including a noted high-percentage of U.S. fans on the group’s official fanclub app WeVerse), the numbers all look remarkably strong for the septet.

But perhaps what’s more promising than statistics or labelmates is the fan connection and palpable passion that a group can express to their supporters—something made all the more tricky during this time of social distancing and COVID-19 concerns.

Speaking about their forthcoming debut and feelings about one another, the members of ENHYPEN have a tangible enthusiasm felt in one of their first-ever interviews which you can read below. Instead of shrouding themselves in mystery or silence, Heeseung, Jay, Sunghoon, Jake, Sunoo, Jungwon and Ni-ki have been regularly communicating with fans on their various accounts and even took time to answer some questions during what’s already an intensely packed pre-debut schedule. It’s the type of specific and warm attention that all seems to hint to larger, globally focused plans for the promising group as they push ahead to hit the scene by the end of 2020.

Get to know ENHYPEN and its members below with reactions to their first days together, plans for involvement in their music, future goals and what else they’d like to share with fans before their first music release together.

Jeff Benjamin: Hello ENHYPEN! As someone who's watched your Big Hit seniors grow as well as I-Land, I'm proud to see you come together as ENHYPEN! What have the days since the finale been like for you?

ENHYPEN: Thank you for having us! Although it still feels like a dream, it's slowly beginning to sink in as we move full speed with preparation and practice for our debut. We just can’t wait to meet our fans and show them what we’ve prepared.

Jeff Benjamin: You've had an amazing response since the show. One million followers on Twitter and Instagram, almost three million wevers on Weverse. Have any fan responses stood out to you?

ENHYPEN: We’re truly grateful. It still surprises us to see how diverse, especially in nationalities, our fanbase is. We see comments in countless languages and people have been forming a global community around us. It’s truly amazing. It keeps reminding us of our goal and purpose to connect the world through our music.

Jeff Benjamin: What are your first goals as ENHYPEN? I remember that Jake wants to hit No. 1 on a Billboard chart, which I think is a great goal.

ENHYPEN: Our successful debut and showcase is what we’re focusing on at the moment. Since we can’t meet our fans in person, we really try hard in order to deliver music and performances that can wow our fans and impress our audiences. Standing atop a Billboard chart is definitely a goal we would like to achieve someday. However, we feel that it is necessary to proceed step by step and always do our best to become a global artist capable of achieving such a feat.

Jeff Benjamin: Do any of the members partake in songwriting or song composing? Does anyone have interest in this or are you training in it?

ENHYPEN: Heeseung has experience with both songwriting and song composing, and Jay and Jungwon write lyrics from time to time. We’re all really interested in songwriting and composing. We’ve been taking every opportunity to practice in the studio ever since we became members.

Jeff Benjamin: How are your relationships with other I-Land trainees?

ENHYPEN: We’re like one big family—we’re very close and keep in touch frequently through a group chat.

Jeff Benjamin: Fans watched your broadcasted experience in I-Land, but I'd like to know more about your personal experiences between one another. Can you share any moments that stood out?

Sunoo: We all went to a training center between Part 1 and 2 of the show. We became even closer there, and had fun goofing off with one another in between practice.

Heeseung: Jay and I had many “heart-to-heart” chats. These conversations helped us bond at another level.

Jay: The members pranked me by putting grapefruit soda and salt in the kimchi stew I was eating while I got up to get something. I thought it tasted strange once I came back... and was shocked to hear what they had done midway through the meal.

Jungwon: Once I had a conversation with Jay when he confessed that he couldn’t express being tired or burnt out because of the hard working image he portrayed. Now seven of us are all very close and feel comfortable being completely honest with one another.

Sunghoon: We went to the beach as well for our first, second and third-place benefit. We had a lot of fun fishing and eating seafood, but I’m afraid that part got edited out of the show.

Jake: Sunghoon and I once turned the lights off in the bathroom to scare Jay. We scared him a number of times after that and his reactions were always hilarious. I’ll make sure to capture some on camera one day to show you.

Ni-ki: [The audience wouldn’t have seen] bedtime talks with I-Land members that would last for hours sometimes.

Jeff Benjamin: Since we are learning more about you in this interview, can each member share a new fact about himself that fans don't know yet?

Heeseung: You might have seen me act as the leader often, but I can be lazy too and love sleeping, to be honest.

Jay: It’s been 10 years since I moved to Korea from the U.S., so my English is actually quite rusty. I’ll practice it for the English-speaking fans who have supported me thus far. I’ve also been studying Japanese on my own and can manage while only speaking the language. I’ll do my best to perfect my Korean, English, and Japanese to communicate better with fans!

Ni-ki: The members are all like elder brothers to me. I sometimes feel like being alone, but now can’t imagine being without them anymore.

Jake: I’ve noticed that many fans want to see me play the violin. I haven’t practiced it for almost a year, but I would like to pick it up again to perform for my fans someday!

Sunoo: I eat more than you would think and love spicy food. I also love things like Disney movies, mellow music, scented candles, mood lighting, etc; that make me feel calm and relaxed. My voice also gets lower briefly in the morning right after I wake up!

Sunghoon: Before figure skating, I did all kinds of skating, such as inline, hockey and short track.

Jungwon: You might think I’m always the cute or quiet one, but I can also be the moodmaker of the group sometimes.

Jeff Benjamin While it may be uncertain when you can see each other in person, can you share a message to your fans around the world who are waiting to meet you?

Heeseung: I’ll communicate with you more often through our global fan community Weverse and social media channels. Please wait for us. We love you!

Jay: First off, I'd like to thank all the fans who have already been showing us so much love. We’ll keep growing together as ENHYPEN. We’re working on our debut album, so please look forward to it!!

Jake: To all our fans who support us, I thank you and love you. As I mentioned when selected to be a debut member, I won’t lose sight of my passions and give back to fans with great performances for as long as I can. Stay tuned for our debut album. Trust me, you won't regret it!

Sunghoon: Thank you so much for your love and affection! Despite uncertainties, I firmly believe that we’ll be able to meet in person soon. I’ll continue to interact with you with fun content on our social channels, so please look forward to it!

Sunoo: To all our global fans who are always by our side: I want to meet you as soon as possible. I’m grateful that I can interact with you and experience your love and support through our social channels. ENHYPEN hopes to wow you all when we finally get to meet in person. Please keep an eye on me. Thank you again!

Jungwon: ENHYPEN is currently doing a lot to prepare for our debut. All of us are currently giving our all and looking forward to delivering a superb album as well as performances. Get ready to meet us!

Ni-ki: I really want to show you our quality performances once this situation gets better. I can’t wait for the day to have a live concert and show you what we have prepared.