TWICE is taking the world by storm and they're just getting started. Over the past five years, the group has been working long and hard to make it to where they are and they're ready for their next chapter. On the heels of their fifth anniversary together, TWICE just gave fans the ultimate present with their their second major-length Korean album, Eyes wide open. But before you take a listen, TWICE left a special message for Seventeen readers that you can check out below:

"One in a million! Hi, we are TWICE! Thank you to ONCE and everyone else for waiting for our second full album. It’s been three years since our first album released! Our new album has a continued theme from our 9th mini album, showing how we have two sides of good and evil. We are looking forward to hearing your reactions to our title song 'I Can't Stop Me.' Our artistic and musical creativeness has grown and we can’t wait to share it with you. Thank you!"

Here's everything you need to know about the K-Pop band TWICE.



Some of the members were originally supposed to be in another group.

Nayeon, Jihyo, Jeongyeon and Sana were orignally brought together by JYP Entertainment to be a part of a group called SIXMIX. However, plans for the group were later scrapped and the ladies had to go back to training.

The band was formed in a TV competition series.

Like some of our other K-Pop groups, the ladies came together in a special television series called Sixteen. Only nine contestants were chosen at the end to join the group which later became TWICE.

Some members were added after the competition was over.

While viewers were able to pick who they wanted to see continue and who would ultimately join the group, members Momo and Tzuyu were added later on to help complete the group.

TWICE releases music in different languages.

While they are known as a K-Pop band, the group has already released several albums in Japanese as well as a track in English.

Along with several other big wins, TWICE managed to take home their first award for Best New Artist - Female at the 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards.

They've also been honored by the Korean government's Creative Content Agency.

In 2017, the group received the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism Commendation in honor of their contribution, according to K-Pop Herald.

They've actually had exam questions made about them.

According to K-Pop Map, if you're a student in Korea, there's a chance that you might have been asked about them in a quiz and you definitely want to study up on them to make sure you don't get anything wrong.

Their fandom is called ONCE.

As reported by Soompi, the band announced their fandom name on Instagram with the sweetest message on how they came up with it:

"Many fans liked the word 'once.' 'Once & Twice.' Once, then twice. They seem to go together like needle and thread. If you love us even once, we will repay your love with twice of our love. It is difficult to make any kind of relationship between people, and getting people’s love is the hardest of all. We will work hard so that you can look at us once, and fall in love with TWICE. Let’s be together until the end. Love you!"

They just released their latest album.

Whether you're just getting to know them for the first time or a long time ONCE member, you're definitely going to be obsessed with their brand new album, Eyes wide open.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io