CHENNAI: The Consulate General of Republic of Korea in Chennai has announced that Dream K-Pop Girls, a group of five Indian girls , will be uploading self-made virtual tutorial classes on social platform for K-Pop dancing and singing, for a period of five weeks from Friday, October 23, introducing a new tutorial video every weekday. 

During this period, sponsored by the Korean Consulate, the five young college girls from medicine, IT, economics and fashion designing background, will share their life journey with K-Pop, love and passion towards Korea, and introduce own techniques on K-Pop singing and dancing in their videos. 

A series of K-pop contests conducted nationwide led to the union of this group who hail from different life experiences including an Arunachal Pradesh native. Rhea Rajkumar, third year MBBS at Madras Medical College who was first introduced to K-Pop when preparing for her NEET in 2017. She won Chennai Regional Round of Changwon World K-Pop Festival 2018 and first award of Online K-Pop Dance Competition by the Consulate General of the Republic of Korea in Chennai. 

Sruthi R, Post Graduate in Business Economics who connected K-Pop to Indian classical music, is the singing competition winner of Chennai Regional Round as well as first India runner-up of Changwon K-Pop World Festival 2018. Subiksha Priyal is the online solo dance winner from Chennai Regional Round of Changwon K-pop World Festival 2020. 

Sindhoo Dhana, the finalist of 2016 Changwon K-Pop Chennai, working in Accenture as software engineer was accidentally introduced into K-Pop and got attracted to vocal techniques used by K-Pop Singers since then. Jeson Dagam from Arunachal Pradesh, introduced to Korean culture watching K-Dramas, won the first prize in Korean food fest dance competition 2017 and 2018. 

This initiative is considered to be the first own attempt to ‘Indianize’ K-Pop Song and Dance by the young generation of India, instead of following Korean K-pop celebrities passively at present. 

The consulate would support weekly 36 energetic audience who share its tutorial videos on their own Facebook or Instagram or add comments on these tutorial videos, with premium pens worth Rs 1,500 or K-Pop Star posters such as Blank Pink by drawing lots. Screenshots need to be sent to Consulate Cultural email on K_culture.chennai@yahoo.com to win the gifts. Videos available on Instagram @dream___kpop or YouTube @Dream Kpop 2020