Widely seen as a critical event that set the tone for Soviet-American rivalry during the Cold War, the Korean War started in the summer of 1950 when the north led a surprise attack on the south. As the battle progressed, it evolved from a civil war into an international conflict, which pitted the North Korean government, supported by the Soviet Union and China, against the American-backed, anti-communist southern administration.

The war ended in 1953 when a truce was established. By that time, over 200,000 South Korean soldiers and almost 40,000 Americans had died in action. Although the North Korean government never released official figures about casualties on its side, the common belief in China is that the battle caused about 180,000 deaths of Chinese soldiers.

As anger mounted over the weekend on Chinese social media, the matter caught the attention of a string of Chinese news outlets. Fanning the flames of nationalistic sentiment, state-owned tabloid the Global Times reported on the controversy in several articles. In a piece published on October 12, the jingoistic rag explained that the backlash was mostly aimed at the group’s insensitivity toward China’s sacrifices and its “one-sided attitude” that negated history.

The controversy has also split the group’s Chinese fanbase. According to those who leapt to the band’s defense, BTS members are entitled to their opinions as long as they are respectful of those who come from a different side of the argument. “I’m drawn to their music talent, not their political views. They love their country. I love my country. I don’t see a problem here,” a Weibo user commented. But this point of view didn’t find favor with a lot of BTS fans in China, who publicly announced the end of their BTS love in the wake of the backlash.

While BTS and its management agency, Big Hit Entertainment, have yet to address the controversy, a growing number of brands have already taken action to distance themselves from the group. Soon after the controversy erupted, the South Korean conglomerate Samsung pulled a BTS-branded smartphone from its Chinese website and other ecommerce platforms in the country. Sports brand Fila and car manufacturer Hyundai removed ads featuring BTS from their social media accounts. Meanwhile, Owhat, a Chinese site mainly used by Kpop fans to purchase albums and merchandise, has taken off all BTS-related products on its platform.

On Monday, the dispute officially progressed to the diplomatic stage as Zhào Lìjiān 赵立坚, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson, commented on the issue at a news briefing. “We should learn from history and look toward the future by cherishing peace and promoting our friendship. This should be the common goal that we strive for,” Zhao said.

Despite its immense popularity in China, K-pop has a well-documented tense relationship with Chinese authorities. In 2016, in retaliation to the U.S.’s deployment of two Terminal High Altitude Area Defense launchers (THAAD) in South Korea, China introduced an “unofficial” ban on South Korean entertainers performing in the country. A year later, as the THAAD conflict intensified, China blocked music and video streaming sites featuring K-pop stars.

This year, as a host of K-pop stars landed major endorsement and advertising deals with Chinese brands, rumors emerged that China had softened restrictions on Korean artists’ access to the Chinese market. But as the Korea Herald noted, there’s still plenty of uncertainty surrounding where K-pop artists will be allowed to promote and perform in China freely.

In fact, in fear of potential regulatory obstacles caused by political tensions, more and more K-pop artists have opted to look beyond China and focus on their reach to Western countries. And BTS is arguably the most successful example among them. BTS have not set their feet in mainland China since 2016, although they have performed in Taiwan and Hong Kong.