Seungkwan of Seventeen reveled in music as he held his second “lecture” as a professor of K-pop, staying online for almost 2 1/2 hours.He started off with IU’s “Boo” and walked over to the whiteboard behind him, where he wrote “We Remember K-pop” with a proud smile. It was his first livestream since early September, when he earned the nickname “Professor Boo,” he said, repressing chuckles.He was busy promoting “Home;Run” but could not find any more excuses, especially after the band received an award for pop culture earlier that day.The idol told viewers that he would write down the song titles for those who might join later. IU’s “Boo” always reminded him of the time when it came out in 2009, he said.“I used to insist that the song was dedicated to me,” he said, chortling at his own silliness, “Boo” being his last name. But nobody believed him, of course, since there were so many people with the same family name on Jeju Island, where he is from.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220255.Jisung of NCT went live from the company after a fan meet session.“It’s been a long while since I’ve done a solo livestream,” he said, admitting with a sheepish grin that he felt awkward. He’d just changed his hair color that day, but said it was hard to tell because of the dim lighting. It was somewhere between khaki and teal, he told his fans, thanking them for the compliments. He also thanked them for reminding him to post a selfie, saying it had slipped his mind.Going through the live comments posted by viewers, he assured them that his knee was OK and there was no problem unless he overused it. He’d been dancing mostly using his upper body these days and somehow was getting better at it, said the idol with a smile.“I’ll end the livestream before Chenle starts his radio show,” he said, replying to a fan’s question. He would have dinner after the broadcast, said the idol, admitting that he was getting hungry.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220205.The bandmates of Enhypen appeared in costume in time for Halloween and played games for candy.Jake was Super Mario, Sunghoon was Pacman and Jay was a racecar driver.They were split into two teams and would earn candies in each round. The winning team would get a bigger prize, Heeseung said, raising everyone’s expectations.For the first round, each team was given five syllables in Korean that had to be repeated aloud five times, with the stress placed on a different syllable each time. Jay failed multiple times, and his team ran out of time and lost. The other team was too strict about the game, protested the leader.“So this is how you’re going to play, huh?” Jay said, prompting laughter from the rest.The idols showed more confidence in the next round, when they were tested on who could guess a K-pop song the fastest. Niki and Sunwoo were the best, everyone agreed.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220186.Kpop Herald reporters Hong Dam-young and Choi Ji-won looked closely at Tomorrow X Together’s third EP, ‘minisode1: Blue Hour,’ two days after its release.The “Blue Hour” in the title refers to the short period of twilight when one can see many different shades of blue, Choi explained. The album as a whole is very poetic and stirs up listeners’ emotions, as did the band’s previous music, she added.But the group seemed to have switched gears from the previous EP, which showed a darker side of the bandmates and depicted their youthful struggles, said Hong. The new music shows they have overcome those struggles, she added.This EP comes after three installments of the band’s “Dream” series and is a mini-episode before the band starts another narrative, as Soobin said at the online media conference, said Choi, who attended the event.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/220150.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=