K-pop fans, get ready for star-studded performances. KCON:TACT Season 2 has announced their full lineup, comprising acts like ATEEZ and CLC.

Every year, enthusiasts of Korean culture and K-pop find themselves flocking to the popular KCON, an annual convention and music festival celebrating everything Hallyu, or the Korean Wave. Earlier this year, however, given the ongoing COVID pandemic, KCON announced the cancellation and postponing of multiple on-ground verticals.

While KCON 2020 Japan, KCON 2020 Russia, and KCON 2020 LA were postponed, KCON 2020 NY was cancelled entirely. In an adaptive surprise, however, the team announced that they would take their summer bonanza of performances and events online. Now, KCON:TACT (as the event is titled) will be back for a Season 2, as a 10-day-long event, running from October 16th-25th.

Additionally, after much speculation about who will round out a dreamboat roster of acts, KCON:TACT has released their final lineup. That includes: AB6IX,‌ ‌A.C.E, ATEEZ, CLC, DAY6 (Even of Day), Dreamcatcher, EVERGLOW, Ghost9, Ha Sung Woon,‌ IZ*ONE, J-pop group JO1, ‌KARD,‌ Kim Jae Hwan, Kim Woo Seok, Lee Eun Sang, ‌LOONA,‌ ‌MAMAMOO,‌ Natty, OneUs, ‌ONF, ‌Park Jihoon,‌ ‌Sunmi‌, The Boyz, TOO, VeriVery, WEi, and WOODZ (Cho Seung Youn).

Standouts in the lineup include ATEEZ, who will be back for the virtual event for a second time after headlining the summer season of the event. Eyes will also be on DAY6, who will be appearing as Even of Day, their first unit since their debut five years ago. Most promising, however, is the abundance of the upcoming generation of K-pop, comprising rookies like TOO and VeriVery.

Among the girl-groups are K-pop vocal giants MAMAMOO, who dropped their latest single ‘Wanna Be Myself’ in September. Fans can also look forward to LOONA, who will drop their third mini-album, [12:00] on Monday, October 19th.

The event will be streamed on Mnet K-pop and KCON’s official Youtube channels. Fans can get access to performances and additional content through two membership tiers. While the basic tier ($19.99 USD) offers access to the performances, a Plus membership ($24.99 USD) will offer features like Fan Cam, which will provide fans with multiple streaming feeds of a performance.

Know more about pricing and performances here.