There are sightings of a brand new girl group this Halloween.

Presenting their debut single ‘BREAKOUT’, PRISMA are making their entrance into the K-pop scene this year with an unparalleled dynamic. Identifying as a multicultural girl group, the five-member outfit boasts members from all over the world – including South Korea, Italy, Spain, and the US.

Made up of leader Gyeongmin, visual and lead vocal Nia, main vocal Miriam, rapper Sally, and main dancer Eunbyeol, PRISMA are the first girl-group of Swiss-South Korean label, UnionWave Entertainment. Their revolutionary debut set for 31 October features a “girl-crush element with a touch of elegance”, put together as the ultimate introduction the world needs to get to know PRISMA.

In time for the group's debut, Bandwagon got to catch up with the members of PRISMA gearing up for the big day. Here’s what they shared with us, from their training days, single concept, to their growing global fanbase:

Congratulations on your debut as PRISMA! What are you hoping to achieve in your first year as K-pop artists?

Sally: I just hope people enjoy the first single enough to continue listening to the music we put out in the future :)

Nia: In our first year I hope to get more people to know K-pop well, to be recognized as a good K-pop group.

How were your past few months as trainees before PRISMA finally debuted? What are the most important things you’ve learnt and the challenges you’ve faced along the way?

Miriam: The previous months weren’t easy, we ran through various problems with changing members but in the end everything went great! I learnt how to care about myself, how to work in a team and [how to trust people by my side] since it is hard for me to trust in someone.

Gyeongmin: Joining this company was a new challenge for me because I wasn’t prepared to be an idol. So whenever I took lessons, I kept track of all the instructors’ advice and practised all day to improve my skills.

How do you feel about being a multicultural K-pop group?

Eunbyeol: As a global group, there are many things to be careful about and to care about, but we are proud of ourselves as a special and unique K-pop group.

Sally: Because of our different backgrounds, I feel like I get to learn a lot from the girls every single day. Especially when it comes to communicating, since we grew up in such different surroundings, it’s easy to misunderstand someone else because we’re both not used to the way the other person is interpreting the situation. However, because everyone always has good intentions, we always communicate it through!

Nia: I feel scared because I don’t know how people can react, but I’m excited because it’s an incredible experience and I have great faith that everything will turn out well.

Miriam: We can say it is special, we can share a lot of good things with each other, we never stop learning something new.

Gyeongmin: I’m grateful that I was able to meet our members and debut together.

What makes you most happy about performing?

Sally: It’s just fun in general, but if the audience enjoys it, then it makes performing that much more satisfying.

Miriam: Already performing is a heartwarming thing, so if you’re able to make your debut as an artist, it is even better since you get to share your own music and your feelings. It’s a way to express yourself to your fans, like you are offering your hand to them and they just have to accept it.

How do you feel about the concept of your first single? What other concepts would you like to try?

Sally: I liked it a lot! I think it was definitely a good choice for the first single in terms of defining who we are as a group. As for the future, I’d like to try… maybe something a bit more intense? Maybe a bit more hip-hop influenced if possible!

Nia: I am very happy with our concept as it is very in my style and I love it. The truth is that I like “girl crush”, but I won’t rule out trying a more daring concept or a totally different concept from the one we have now.

Will PRISMA consider releasing new songs in other languages in the future?

Eunbyeol: We would like to release a new song in another language to let our fans around the world know our songs.

Sally: Never say never, haha.

Nia: The truth is that I don’t know, but I think it’s an interesting idea and I think it would be pretty good to sing songs in other languages ​​to try to reach more people.

Miriam: Why not? There is the possibility!

Gyeongmin: I don’t know yet, but I want to try it if I have a chance.

What would you like to say to fans, especially the ones who have been supporting you pre-debut?

Eunbyeol: I would like to say, thank you for waiting for us.

Sally: Thank you so, so much from the bottom of my heart! We promise to keep working hard so that we can produce a lot of good things and hopefully meet you guys in the future! In the meantime, stay safe and healthy! Lots of love!

Nia: Just thank you to all the fans who are following us, both new fans and those who have followed us from the beginning, you are all equally important to me and I thank you for the happiness you give me every day with your messages of support. I hope you support us in the future, PRISMA will try hard to make you feel proud of us.

Miriam: Thank you with all myself for staying with us since the beginning, believing in us even if we haven’t really shown our music. And if you are new: Welcome to PRISMA family! We love each other here! Thank you to everyone, every time I see a text, picture, video or follow from you, it’s encouraging and makes me work harder even more! I hope the situation with corona will end soon and have the possibility to meet you all!

Gyeongmin: We are about to debut soon, so please wait a little longer until the album comes out! I will do my best not to disappoint the fans! Please continue to love and support us! Thank you!

This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.