A world tour. Sold out stadiums. The momentum of K-Pop sweeping the globe. That’s how the new year started for SEVENTEEN. Like many, the group had high expectations for the months ahead. And overnight, when the world just about stopped due to the coronavirus pandemic, SEVENTEEN kept going.

The self-producing South Korean pop group debuted in 2015. It wasn't before long that the band became very familiar with topping the charts — from their first EP, Boys Be, charting at #1 on the Billboard World Albums chart, to their latest album, ; [Semicolon], which has sold nearly one million hard copies since its October 19 release. Five years and seven million Instagram followers later, SEVENTEEN has the power of K-Pop fans around the world behind them. And when coronavirus canceled the last leg of the group's world tour, Ode to You, they saw an opportunity.

If you’re wondering how a 13-member band stays occupied in lockdown, it doesn’t include virtual prom or tie-dye kits. (Though, yes, vocalist Joshua tells us he's picked up making beaded bracelets as a hobby in isolation). Instead, after their February and March shows were canceled, SEVENTEEN released Heng:garæ, a record-shattering EP that came out in June. After that, the boys decided to do it all over again just five months later, with ; [Semicolon].



Following the wild success of Heng:garæ, SEVENTEEN had only one thing on their mind. Their goal? Another album. Their motivation? Carats. And no, not the unit of mass used for measuring diamonds, but what SEVENTEEN calls their fandom, thank you very much. 



The inability to perform for their fans in real life was not going to stop SEVENTEEN from creating music. In fact, it inspired them to make even more of it. "SEVENTEEN's music exists because Carats exist," said Woozi, the leader of the vocalist team. As the reality of a coronavirus world set in, the band said they learned to appreciate what they once took for granted. "Especially the sound of our fans cheering when we are performing on stage,” explained Seungkwan, another member of the vocalist unit. “We wanted to deliver hope and encouragement to our fans, who have always supported us at this very point in time,” he added. Should you get restless waiting to see the group in concert again, Wonwoo, a rapper in the group, recommends this playlist of SEVENTEEN's five songs he could listen to forever: “Don’t Wanna Cry,” “HOME;RUN,” “Run to You,” “All My Love,”and “Hug.”

Since this year has felt unlike any before, the group saw ; [Semicolon] as the perfect chance to also change things around. Regardless of their name, the band is actually made up of 13 members. SEVENTEEN comes from the sum of 13 members, the three sub-groups they break into while creating music, plus the one team they form when they come together. Since making their debut, they've had the hip-hop unit with S. Coups, Wonwoo, Mingyu, and Vernon, the vocal unit with Woozi, Jeonghan, Joshua, DK, and Seungkwan, and the performance unit with Hoshi, Jun, The8, and Dino. For ; [Semicolon], the group went in a different direction. “We formed four different unit groups separated by age, in order to show SEVENTEEN’s limitless charms and versatility,” explained vocalist Jeonghan. “We wanted to express the unique colors and charms of all thirteen members, and at the same time, prove that we can perform in unison as a team,” he said.



Creating new sub-groups didn't come from a place of pandemic boredom, or even the need to simply prove this talented group can make music however they please. (Because yes, they absolutely can). While they said ; [Semicolon] is about taking a break and celebrating life, the different combination of sub-groups is a reminder that where you are right now is not where you will always be. "Through this album, we focused on the message of comfort to those who try their best to overcome their limits," explained S. Coups, the group leader.

Equally as impressive as how they write, sing, and dance, is SEVENTEEN's ability to work well as a team — something that anyone who has ever worked on a group project can admire. "I think it’s very important that we acknowledge our differences and remind ourselves that our thoughts are not 'wrong' but 'different,'" said Jeonghan. The group says that honest dialogue on how they're feeling about the music is what helps them make the bops you can't ever get out of your head, a-la "Left & Right", your favorite TikTok challenge song.

"We simply do our best to get closer to what we think is right," explains hip hop unit member Mingyu. Beyond that, Hoshi, a member of the performance unit, stresses the importance of respecting what his fellow band members have to say. "Through the process of sharing our thoughts, it’s important to understand and respect each other. It’s a natural process for us to share our opinions and actively engage in conversations when discussing music," he said. 



There's the talent, the fans, and the teamwork — but it's their diverse backgrounds that make SEVENTEEN's music even stronger. "We are a multi-member group of 13 individuals, which means that we are quite diverse and inclusive. In this sense, our music can reflect diverse ideas and thoughts of many people with different backgrounds," explains Mingyu. Wherever you go to school, whatever your current situation may be, the group believes that music is a universal thread that brings everyone together. "I’m always amazed by the power of music in that it influences audiences around the world regardless of where you live or what language you speak. It makes me very happy that we can communicate with a lot of people through music," said Mingyu.

The band's message especially rings true at a time where we're all trying to find ways to connect, even while physically far apart. And if there's one thing that's certain even in the most uncertain of times, it's that SEVENTEEN will not stop giving their fans something to come together for.