In the middle of our Zoom interview with KARD, J. Seph is describing his personal style, pulling out two silver necklaces from underneath his shirt. You can see the moment when the joke potential clicks in his fellow members’ eyes.

“2 Chainz!” Jiwoo and BM yell in unison, referencing the American rapper, and the whole room erupts in uncontrollable laughter.

The mood is lighthearted, if chaotic, which is typical for KARD, a co-ed K-pop group that has transformed their eclectic individual personalities into a unit that feels delightfully off-the-cuff. When BM (short for Big Matthew) takes a stab at describing what makes KARD, KARD, it feels, well, extremely KARD. “Just being KARD is a huge positive thing that we have, because I don’t know if a lot of groups got that, so go KARD!”

The four members of KARD — BM, J. Seph, Somin, and Jiwoo — are infectiously energetic. Even via Zoom, it’s impossible not to feel the warmth from their smiles all the way from Seoul during our interview (for this chat, BM spoke in English while J. Seph, Somin, and Jiwoo spoke in Korean with a translator). The foursome stand out in the K-pop industry because co-ed groups are rare, but the real secret to KARD’s success are their unique sounds, open-minded views, and colorful personalities that shine through their self-produced and written work. Beyond the surface, there’s a depth to the group that resonates with listeners internationally.

“We have everything you could want in a co-ed group — maybe in a group in general,” BM, who is Korean-American and was born in Los Angeles, tells Teen Vogue. “Although we’re only four members, I feel like music-wise, all of our voices are very very distinct. J. Seph has the hard and raw, high-tone rap, I have the low-tone rap, Jiwoo’s got the husky, and Somin’s got the more, I want to say, like fresh and kinda the sweet type.”

KARD debuted in 2017 under DSP Media with “Hola Hola,” a tropical house-infused song that introduced the high energy that would become vital to their ethos. Since then, their releases have felt fresh and futuristic. From their social media presences to their artistic risk-taking, they feel extremely human.

That realness, that freedom, manifests in the members’ individual activities, too, where they’re encouraged to follow their passions in addition to being idols. J. Seph, the 28-year-old eldest member, is a skilled lyricist who writes his own raps and produces. Jiwoo, the maknae (youngest member) at 23, competed on Good Girl, a Korean survival show for female hip-hop and R&B artists. At 24, Somin has her own YouTube channel, where she showcases everything from glittery festival makeup to behind the scenes KARD vlogs. BM has a podcast that gives him an outlet to talk about his real life, a casual clothing brand called Staydium, and the Big Tiddie Committee — a viral movement born from BM’s love of exercise that he used to raise money for Breast Cancer research.

The Big Tiddie Committee — a clear indication of BM’s good humor as well as his commitment to helping others — is made up of male idols who work out a lot, so naturally, as the leader, BM must live up to the name. “I’m in the gym. I stay in the gym, [then] I’m back in the studio,” he offers enthusiastically. "[Now] I’m just slowly trying to transition back to work mode… back into staying healthy and trying to get back into my creative world.”