K-pop ensemble CLC’s music video for “Helicopter” opens high in the sky, with a cluster of gloomy, billowing clouds. A legend — “We won’t be lonely at the top” — appears against the shifting masses. In art, clouds can represent the changing conditions of a person’s emotional weather. They constantly shift and adapt to the surroundings in which they are present. Clouds are untouchable, ethereal bodies, yet have the force to create condensation, or even electricity.

As the video shifts to individual shots of CLC’s members — Seungyeon, Seunghee, Yujin, Sorn, Yeeun, Elkie, and Eunbin — those first few opening seconds usher in yet another transition point for the group: their autobiographical era.

“This song basically tells the story of CLC and what we have been through for the past six years as a girl group,” Sorn tells Teen Vogue over email. “I would say that our team has had our ups and downs and we’ve been through some things compared to other girl groups who debuted in the same year as us.”

“But even though we have gone through things, we will never give up and we will be patient because I personally believe that everything takes time. For something to happen, it doesn’t only require talent, but also the right timing and the right moves.”

With “Helicopter,” CLC puts the self-empowering messages from “Black Dress” and “No” on a temporary hold, opting instead to celebrate their sisterhood and the way they rely on each other and their fans on their quest to reach the top. Though not necessarily a group reinvention, like the one they experienced with “Hobgoblin” when they graduated from the peppy concepts with skater dresses and big bows, their latest release shows their progression as both artists and individuals.

The video’s opening statement later makes it onto the lyrics of the English version of the song, rapped by youngest member Eubin, who says she feels proud of her performance. “‘Helicopter’ perfectly captures the message we want to deliver,” she says. “We have [our fans] Cheshire and we have CLC, so we are always strong and never lonely. It's because I know we will be together forever. I will slowly go up to the top as I look at the scenery around.”

But “Helicopter” is no slow drizzle, it’s lightning. Electrifying and inspiring, the cinematic EDM-pop track with trap leanings marks the group’s mighty return after over a year since their last comeback. It builds on the foundation set since releasing “Hobgoblin,” which placed the focus on the combination of a strong choreography and an empowering message, delivered in a confident and fierce manner — or as it is known in K-pop, “girl crush.” CLC are now almost synonymous with that tag, but when they first adopted this concept in 2017 — equipped with black lipstick and cold weapons— it was atypical for girl groups, who generally focused on overall brighter thematics (think Red Velvet’s “Red Flavor” and TWICE’s “Likey”). Now, more and more powerful performance-based girl groups emerge each day and we’re seeing a decrease in cuter concepts, which were the norm until a few years ago.