Jihoon Lee’s unemployment has been a subject of many discussions about the 90 Day Fiancé star. The Korean man’s ex-wife Deavan Clegg was always stressed out by him having no job, while Jihoon’s followers are often seen asking him to “get a job.” While the TLC celeb might have found himself a food delivery gig, Jihoon’s recent string of plastic surgeries hints at bigger plans. And after watching the 90 Day Fiancé celeb’s karaoke skills, many fans believe Jihoon might just be a K-Pop star in the making!

90 Day Fiancé Fans will remember Deavan’s claims about spending almost $50k on Jihoon during their relationship. Upon her arrival in South Korea, Deavan, 23, had also learned that not only had Jihoon, 31, lied to her about having a job that paid well but that he also had a huge debt. Jihoon had admitted to taking up part-time jobs as he loved to nap, further angering Deavan. 90 Day Fiancé fans had then commented snide remarks on Jihoon’s Instagram, after which he’d abused them and deactivated his account. However, Jihoon’s redeeming arc soon came on 90 Day Fiancé: The Other Way, and he’s also found himself a job delivering pizza and subs. Still, Jihoon’s new IG video has fans thinking he could be training for an alternative career in music.

Related: 90 Day Fiancé: Why Deavan & Jihoon Scenes Should Be Cut From The Other Way

Recently, Jihoon has been on an Instagram posting spree with each post either showing off his shocking new cosmetic surgeries, or heart-wrenching pictures of baby Taeyang. The 90 Day Fiancé star saying, “when can I see you again?” on Taeyang’s photo moved his followers to tears, so when Jihoon went Instagram LIVE from a karaoke bar, many saw it as a cry for help. But, Jihoon later posted the same LIVE as an IGTV video, which has garnered multiple comments from fans who think he’s got some serious singing skills.

“Jihoon is secretly a trainee,” joked a fan who thinks Jihoon is training to become an idol like the boys from South Korea’s BTS or EXO. Another 90 Day Fiancé fan posted, “That sounds amazing! I think you should pursue a singing career,” and one of Jihoon’s supporters wrote, “Jihoon is going to be the next K-Pop star.” However, many fans feel that Jihoon flaunting his vocal prowess is actually the “funniest thing” they’ve ever seen. And obviously, there’s always the stray “Get a real job” comment that one can always find on the 90 Day Fiancé star’s page.

When the 90 Day Fiancé fan community first saw Jihoon’s new look with a nose job, cheek fillers, eyebrow tattoos, and more, many felt that he was doing it to look better on his YouTube channel. A few fans also questioned him how he had the money for surgeries, but not to spend on his ex-wife Deavan and son. Jihoon had later admitted to going under the knife as Deavan had left him for being “a nobody.” But while the 90 Day Fiancé star continues to claim that Chris AKA Topher Park is out to replace him, looks like Jihoon too is trying to be more like the accountant who’s been an actor and a model with singing videos online.

Next: 90 Day Fiancé: Fans Shocked By How Different Jihoon Looks After Plastic Surgery

90 Day Fiancé: The Other Way airs Sundays at 8pm EST on TLC.