Choreography is an essential part of any K-pop song. It not only completes the lyrics with its precise and interpretive moves, but it’s also a visual delight. Furthermore, many great performances have left their mark with their amazing key point dances that simply left everyone in awe.

Here is a non-exhaustive list of some of the hottest choreographies that were beautifully staged.

Our first entry is none other than EXO’s captivating performance of “Love Shot.” The dance moves are laid-back and immaculate, reflecting the intensity of the lyrics with sexy written all over them. Plus, the members pulling this performance off while wearing suits is the cherry on top.

Irene and Seulgi introduced their inner dance monster in this MV. The dance moves oscillate between seductive and fierce, with the girls wearing a poker face that pretty much sets the tone for the choreography. This leaves no room for doubt about the members’ ability to nail every routine that comes their way.

This flamboyant act comes as no surprise coming from a dancer-turned-idol. Chungha undoubtedly impressed with her latin-infused dance number, which she pulled off flawlessly. Truly, this performance spells sizzling hot.

It is fair to say that Wonho made quite a good first impression with his solo debut. While the moves could come off a bit strong, the overall view with his stage presence and charisma makes this an alluring stage that will definitely stay stuck in your mind for a while.

Hwasa often includes elements of sensuality in her dance routines, and she shines even brighter when she performs live. The video below shows a bold and foxy Hwasa taking you on a rollercoaster of emotions with her vibrant dance skills.

Ga In needs no introduction as her career encapsulates daring concepts. One such example is her comeback with “Paradise Lost,” where she introduced a choreography that is nothing short of tempting.

Taemin got the rhythm, the groove, and the sex appeal. This masterpiece of his mesmerized everyone upon its release. It is fair to say that the king of contemporary dance is also the king of breaking gender norms.

All hail the queens of sexy summer concepts. SISTAR has always brought fresh and dazzling dance moves to the table that simply dropped jaws every single time, and this one is no different. The choreography for “I Like That” is a mix of chic and seductive in a scenery that is simply ethereal.

When “Blood, Sweat, and Tears” came out, everybody lost their minds, and for good reason. Every detail of the dance routine screams delicate, sultry, and overall enchanting. While BTS is known for delivering hardcore choreographies, this one takes the throne for adding sexy to the list.

This one is for the books! The incredible glamour that emits from Sunmi as she enacts “Gashina” is simply bewitching. Every step she takes marks a statement of sensuality that she boldly flaunts on stage.

This goosebump-worthy song comes with an equally chilling choreography that brings out the sexy in (G)I-DLE with a gothic touch. The entire performance rightfully bears its name as every dance scene will have you saying “Oh My God.”

This 2014 gem undeniably owns a spot in this feature. The slow-paced choreography from Girl’s Day is truly something. The dance moves are as meticulous as they are sultry, leaving viewers speechless without a doubt.

Confidence? Check. Charisma? Check. Choreography? Double check. “Hello Bitches” is one of CL’s gutsiest dance performances, and she’s proven it every single time she took it to the stage. Plus, her sexiness shoots through the roof in the number she delivers towards the end of the performance video. That’s the baddest female for you!

Which sultry choreography is your favorite? Let us know in the comments below.