Canadian streamer Disguised Toast is arguably one of the best Among Us players across Twitch and YouTube. Be it any part of the game, Toast seems to have mastered it better than most players in the community. As a result, it is common for fans to marvel at his unrealistic gameplays.

Anyone who watches Toast play for the first time is amazed at his skill and the same was true of famous K-POP idols: Jae Park, Mark Tuan and Sam Kim. In the star-studded lobby, Toast used his ever-growing IQ and won the games in iconic fashion.

Toast proves why he is an invincible imposter in Among Us

Toast has repeatedly been fantastic as an imposter. He not only employs brilliant strategies but also defends himself with the most logical statements that compel everyone to believe him.

While playing with the famous K-POP stars, Toast made some very witty moves that no one could anticipate. In a specific incident, he killed Skykuno in front of Mark Tuan while they both were doing the card swipe task. As soon as Mark completed the task, he realized that someone had killed Skykuno in the meantime.

ALSO READ– Disguised Toast takes a hilarious dig at Among Us streamers

This was Toast’s only risky move in the match as he won the game comfortably thereafter.

It is hard to even imagine seven streamers and three K-POP stars playing a game together. However, such collaborations are common now, thanks to Among Us. The indie game also takes credit for facilitating one of the biggest collaborations in YouTube’s history.

Despite touching its peak in September, the game has been witnessing a steady downfall in its viewership since then. One of the biggest reasons for this downfall could have been the persistent hacker issue in the game.

ALSO READ– The Top 10 Among Us Streamers Right Now

However, the developers are aware of the changes they need to make. With an upcoming update in December, they are introducing a new map and accounts in Among Us. The future of the game still looks bright, and fans look forward to witnessing more such unusual collaborations between their favorite content creators and streamers.