K-pop fans in the country and abroad have launched different donation drives and awareness on social media to help the Philippines, which has been ravaged by recent typhoons “Ulysses” (“Vamco”) and “Rolly” (“Goni”).

Fans of Eric Nam in the Philippines donated to Tulong Kabataan España, which the K-pop star acknowledged by tweeting, “My fans are absolutely incredible. #NamNation #Philippines #namnationph.”

As the country reels from the devastation, the hashtags #CagayanNeedsHelp, #TuguegaraoNeedsHelp and #PampangaNeedsHelp trended on Twitter.

The Philippine K-pop Convention Inc. (PKCI) @kpopconph and affiliated Pinoy K-pop fan clubs launched a donation drive.

“We knock once again on your good hearts to extend a hand in helping our kababayans affected by the recent typhoons,” according to PKCI, adding that most immediate needs for donation are slippers, face masks, face shields, canned goods and pet foods.

Several fanbases of K-pop superstars BTS have started their own drives on Twitter including ARMY Fanbase Cavite @army_cavite, BTS ARMY PH @btsaph130613, Bangtan Boys Philippines @bangtanboysph and ARMY Bayanihan @ARMYBayanihan.

Also launching their own donation efforts include BLACKPINKFUNDS_PH @BPFUNDS_PH, NCT PHILIPPINES @NCT_Philippines, CHENLE PHILIPPINES @NCTChenlePH and 17CARAT; Project Drive @17caratDrive.

Last Nov. 5, Korea’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that the Korean government will provide $200,000 in humanitarian assistance to the Philippines after it was hit by typhoon “Rolly.”

“The assistance will be provided through the Philippine Red Cross, and the ROK [Republic of Korea] government hopes that its immediate aid would help Filipinos affected by the typhoon swiftly return to their daily lives,” according to the foreign ministry.

According to a report by the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC), as of Nov. 14, a total of 37 dead, 22 injured and 15 missing were reported in Region II or Cagayan Valley, CALABARZON or Region IV-A, and Cordillera Administrative Region (CAR). There were also 173 incidents of flooding and 38 landslides/soil collapse.

The NDRRMC said 285,978 families or 1.1 million people in 3,811 barangays in Regions 1, II, III, CALABARZON, MIMAROPA or Region IV-B, Region V, National Capital Region and CAR were affected including 80,858 families or 306,340 people in 2,983 evacuation centers.

Damage to agriculture in Regions I, II III, CALABARZON, V and CAR was estimated at P999.87 million.