Kang Daniel has won the 2020 APAN MUSIC AWARDS Popularity Award for Male Solo in two categories including Korea and overseas dominating the award nominations with overall 5 wins. Meanwhile, BTS' V has been crowned as the producer of the best OST with ‘Sweet Night’ etching yet another milestone with the song.



The 2020 APAN Music Awards is hosted by the Korea Entertainment Management Association and revealed the winners of all top categories throughout last week. Kang Daniel emerged victorious for the most popular male solo artist both in Korea and overseas while IU is taking home the trophy of the most popular female solo in Korea. BTS' V aka Kim Taehyung has received the award of most popular OST (original soundtrack) for ‘Sweet Night’ which was a track the singer made for 'Itaewon Class', a Netflix series starring Park Seo Joon.

Hwasa from Mamamoo has received the title of most popular female solo outside Korea, BTS snatched the title of most popular male group in home country Korea while Seventeen got the most popular male group overseas. The most popular female group in Korea is IZ*ONE while the most popular female group outside Korea is BLACKPINK, the award show revealed.

Additionally, the 2020 APAN Music awards for the Hottest Top10 went to Kang Daniel, The Boyz, MONSTA X, BTS, SEVENTEEN, IZ*ONE, Lim Young-woong, GOT7, NCT127 and TWICE.

Along with the Male popularity award, Kang Daniel has also snagged the Best Performance award which was decided solely on popular voting. Fans are ecstatic at the results as they believe 2020 has been bliss to watch Kang Daniel grow. A fan posted, “Obviously, if other Music Awards are fair enough to categorize the Popularity Award for Solo and Group separately just like this then Kang Daniel as a male soloist would dominate this prize. P/s: Soribada and AAA better learn from this!”

Another simply said, “i’m so proud of you.” A Kang Daniel based fan-group posted that winning both the popular category awards sums up the singer’s total award count for the season so far to 7. It read, “YEAR END AWARDS: APAN AWARDS: Popularity Award Male Solo: Korea, Overseas, KT Seezn Award-Singer, Top 10, Best Performer. 2020 Asia Artist Awards: Asia Celebrity Award-Singer, Best Musician Award-Male.”

Kang Daniel is also nominated in 5 categories for MAMA, the Mnet Asian Music Awards, deemed as Asia’s biggest award show set to happen on December 6. The nominations include Best Male Artist, Best Solo Dance Performance ("Who U Are"), Song of the Year ("Who U Are"), Artist of the Year and Worldwide Fans' Choice.