Stray Kids' music video ‘MIROH’ has reached 100 million views on YouTube, emerging as their second music video to reach that mark on the video-sharing platform in 2020. It took 'MIROH' a year and seven months, 16 days and 11 hours to reach the milestone. In April, 'God’s Menu' became Stray Kids’ first music video to reach the 100 million views within 70 days of its release. With this achievement, the band is having multiple MVs with such huge number of views just like BTS. However, BTS have more than 20 music videos with 100 million views.

'Clé 1:MIROH', the fourth EP of Stray Kids, consisted of seven main tracks and a physical bonus track. It also brought their first win in the music show 'Mcountdown'. Stray Kids have also shown a very steady trajectory of growth which rose to top in 2020 with their 'God’s Menu', the title track from their latest album “GO生” (“GO LIVE”), crossing the 100 million threshold within 70 days of its release. The group, which now has eight members, including Bang Chan, Lee Know, Hyunjin, Changbin, Han, Felix, Seungmin and IN, started as a nine-member group. Woojin left Stray Kids in 2019 for undisclosed reasons.

In an interview earlier this year, they shared their recipe for the steady success rate. "We wanted to show... our natural thoughts, our natural music, something that's just really natural for us. That's the color we really wanted to show through this album and that's the message Stray Kids will always be," Changbin said. Stray Kids also have a hip-hop sub-unit, 3RACHA, comprising of members Bang Chan, Changbin and Han who have worked on all their tracks in the latest album where they have compared their music-making process with cooking. The group leader Bang Chan stated, "For me, I always liked to relate producing music to cooking because they're both really similar when you make something for the people to feed on and listen to," and he added “It really shows how much we think about others and how much we really want to show them what our flavors are."

Their fans, known as “STAY”, are currently celebrating their milestone 'MIROH'. A page that updates Stray Kids fans of all their achievements noted, “With [email protected]_Kids "MIROH" M/V achieving 100M views, they are now the ONLY 4th generation kpop boygroup having 2 MVs with 100M views on YouTube! Congratulations Stray Kids and Stay! #StrayKids #스트레이키즈 #StrayKids_MIROH100M #MIROH100M.”

Another chart posted, “@Stray_Kids and BTS are the only boy groups to have multiples M/Vs that surpassed 100M this year. #StrayKids_MIROH100M.” And a fan wrote, “Stayarmy’s always win. It’s what happens when you stan world and 4th gen leaders.” Another wrote, “as they should, must respect to my luvs.” “THIS IS WHAT YOU CALLED “KING BEHAVIOR,” read another tweet.

Stray Kids are also celebrating another massive win as they have bagged the awards for best Korean act in MTV’s EMA on November 8 beating ASTRO, Everglow, KARD and Victon.