K-Pop star G-Dragon just gave us the perfect reason to buy a new pair of shoes: He's releasing a new "Para-noise" shoe with Nike.

Announced by Nike on November 5, G-Dragon's new Air Force 1s come almost exactly a year after his first collaboration with the brand, which received many accolades. An instant fan favorite, the first Para-Noise was black with white and red accents and the distinct sunflower detailing on the tongue. "The Air Force 1 Para-Noise blurs the lines between reality and utopia with a black painted upper that wears away over time to reveal personal artwork created by G-DRAGON," Nike said about the first shoe when it was released on November 23, 2019. This time around, however, G-Dragon went with an inverse color scheme; keeping the same feel and character of the first collaboration.

The new Nike x G-DRAGON AF1 Para-noise is a white shoe with black laces and accents, an ode to G-Dragon's "self-actualization," according to Nike. "The white upper gives way to his painting, each wearer creates an individual aesthetic based on their unique journey," the brand said about the shoe. Available globally on November 25, the shoe comes just in time for the holiday season, making it the perfect gift for any stylish friend. (Extra points if they are V.I.P and hypebeast).

Since being discharged from his mandatory military service in late 2019, G-Dragon hasn't just been creating killer shoes, though. He's also working on new music, with a solo comeback expected for sometime next year. According to Hypebeast, YG Entertainment confirmed the news earlier this week. Whether it's because of his exciting shoe releases or his upcoming album, it's surely been an eventful few days for G-Dragon fans!

Check out the upcoming Para-noise white AF1s in detail below:

Let us slide into your DMs. Sign up for the Teen Vogue daily email.

Want more from Teen Vogue? Check this out:
• None BLACKPINK's Jennie and G-Dragon Wore the Same, Exact $10,000 Jacket
• None BLACKPINK’s Lisa Could Be Launching Her Own Fashion Line