TXT's breezy b-side track "We Lost The Summer" begins with the sound of a ticking clock. Then, a sparkling marimba beat and a young voice breathily lamenting a season forfeited to time and circumstance. As the bright dancehall rhythm intensifies, so do the mournful sentiments of loss and longing. It's a song wrapped in shiny cellophane, the color of cotton candy—the taste of bitter lemon piths. For many teens, including the members of K-pop group TOMORROW X TOGETHER, that's the reality of 2020; time ticks away, and yet we're caught in an endless state of staticity, or an "eternal winter," as TXT sings on the aptly titled pop tune from their new EP Minisode1: Blue Hour.

Tomorrow X Together, whose members range in international age from 18 to 21, have captured the complicated and oftentimes confusing feelings of adolescence through their music since their debut in 2019. "Crown" is an energetic reflection of physical and emotional growing pains; the edgier "9 and Three Quarters (Run Away)" celebrates the transformative magic of friendship; and this past May's "Can't You See Me?" bubbles with broody resentment as they continue to navigate their relationship to one another. Their most recent single, "Blue Hour," continues that coming-of-age journey and paints the whimsical picture of boyhood in shades that are colorful and complex. These broad strokes of youth are designed to be relatable to almost anyone. But "We Lost The Summer” is specific to the here and now.

Written in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic that continues to devastate families and disrupt our daily lives, the song expresses this unforgettable moment in time through the eyes of young people who are living through it. "People lost routineness in their lives," member Beomgyu explained to Elle. "People of our age couldn’t even physically attend school anymore. This song is a teen narrative about the changes in the world this year." With lyrics (translated to English) like "I'm left on the endless evening of March 1," the track balances feelings of immense loss with the minutiae of a new reality, speaking to a generation that feels stuck in limbo—whose concerns and perspectives adults often overlook.

So perhaps it's not surprising then that Bang Si-hyuk, the founder and co-CEO of BTS and TXT’s parent company Big Hit Entertainment, drew inspiration for "We Lost The Summer" from a 1998 Korean pop song from his own youth sung by three teenage sisters known as Han's Band.

Their song "Arcade" ("오락실") was released at the height of the Asian Financial Crisis that led to the worst economic recession in South Korea's postwar history. Sisters and instrumentalists Kim Han-na, Kim Han-byul, and Kim Han-sam—who were junior high students at the time—sing of a young girl who meets her unemployed father at the arcade after school. The girl never realizes that her dad is out of a job; through her naive eyes, she thinks he's skipping work to play games. But the harsh reality of that time—when unemployment was at an all-time high and men left their homes every morning only to wander aimlessly—is reflected in the lyrics. "Today's headlines say," they sing in childlike wonder, "there are many dads in the arcade."