Last week, SM Entertainment announced the debut of K-pop girl group aespa, who will have both real and virtual idols, but fans had concerns.

A new era is about to dawn in K-pop. Last week, SM Entertainment — the company often credited with creating the modern-day blueprint for K-pop — announced the debut of their first girl-group in six years, aespa. As the news set the virtual sphere abuzz, SM threw something else into the mix: aespa would have both real and virtual members.

In an introductory video, SM Founder Lee Soo Man explained the concept and what the existence of both real and virtual members would entail.

“The group is what I have dreamed of as it projects a future world centered on celebrities and avatars, transcending boundaries between the real and virtual world,” Lee explained. According to him, the future of entertainment lies in how easily fans can be a part of their favorite idols‘ worlds, “as fans or friends.”

“Imagine an avatar of your favorite celebrity being created, and being together with him/her, next to you.” He went on to say. “That avatar will be able to do things you cannot directly do with your favorite celebrity. For example, a celebrity cannot visit each fan’s home. A celebrity’s avatar may stand in for you at work, at home, or be your friend, right?”

Keeping in line with this thought, each of aespa’s members have a virtual counterpart. Fans, of course, can interact with these avatars to a much higher degree than they can with real idols.

This, of course, raised concerns in the K-pop fan community, where fans often have intense para-social relationships with their idols. As a general marketing concept, K-pop idols are positioned as the achievement of the boyfriend/girlfriend fantasy, meant only for the fans and fans themselves.

This is also why certain kinds of news, such as speculations about dating, are a big deal. When idols are presented to you and for you, fans often have a hard time coping when the reality shatters. Earlier this year, EXO member Chen surprised fans with the sudden announcement of his marriage and his fiancée’s pregnancy.

Despite an official statement from both SM Entertainment and Chen himself, fans immediately called for his removal from the group. In light of mounting backlash, Chen’s military enlistment — usually a public sendoff by friends, family, and fans — was kept private.

In light of the often possessive dynamic fans already have with their idols, many felt that the existence of aespa’s AI avatars might escalate matters. Furthermore, they speculated, the ability to customize these avatars might contribute to dehumanizing idols, and also promote unrealistic body standards.

“The idea of virtual idols just seems to reaffirm the Orientalist view of Asians, particularly Asian women, and K-pop stars as robotic – a stereotype that Western fans have been fighting against for a long time.” Tamar Herman from South China Morning Post reported.

Herman, however, also noted that this resistance to aespa’s concept is coming largely from fans in the West.

In Asia, where we’ve had virtual artists like Hatsune Miku and girl-group K/DA from League of Legends, the concept is nothing novel. Moreover, Herman wrote, Koreans “don’t think about technology as ‘social problems’ but as tools to fix social ills.”

While we’re yet to see music from aespa, who will debut later this month, we’re all waiting to see what the new chapter of entertainment brings.