The field of music is considered to be a space where cultures intertwine -- language no bar. And Chinese-Australian artistegoes on to prove that. with her debut EP, 'COLLABS VOL. 1 (INT’L VER.)', released on Friday.The EP is multi-faceted, featuring tracks in English, Tagalog, Korean, Japanese, Mandarin and Hindi. "I grew up listening to all kinds of music in different languages which is why I love the fusion of sounds from various countries from around the world," WENGIE said. "I love exploring different cultures and encourage diversity so it was wonderful to work with talented artists from around the world and sharing that with my fans, you can say I like making content that's universal!"The EP's focus track, '', sees WENGIE join hands with Indian singerand rapper, in what is considered to be a 'KPop meets' moment. The bi-lingual track amps up on the weekend vibe with a groovy pop beat and melodic vocals. The track is backed with an animated music video, where the three artiste's avatars embark on a fairytale-esque journey.For Shalmali, the collaboration is one thing she can tick off her bucket list. “K-Pop has been an integral of Pop-culture for a while now, and it was one of things I really hoped to do someday - work with aArtist," she said. "When the Wengie collaboration came up, I was thrilled because it’s a form of music that I’ve been interested in exploring and with the Indian rhythmic elements in the mix! It was a delight chatting with, discussing and then singing ‘Thing You Want’ with Wengie. She is a sweetheart.”Ikka further added, “I was very excited when I first heard the idea of featuring with Wengie on ‘Thing You Want’! I like to collaborate with artists from every part of the globe and working with a well known K-Pop artist like Wengie was a different and amazing experience altogether - I said yes to the collaboration instantly. Shalmali too sounds excellent on the track!”For WENGIE, the track was a way to show her appreciation to her fans in the sub-continent. "I hope all our fans enjoy this EP and the new song out with Shalmali and Ikka was super exciting because I grew up surrounded by the Indian culture and wanted to show appreciation to my fans there. They were amazing to work with and this song is the thing you want right now!”'Thing You Want' is produced by Michel “Lindgren” Schulz. The track is co-written by Wengie, Shalmali, Ikka, Melanie Fontana and GG Ramirez. WENGIE earlier collaborated with (G)I-dle's Minnie for the track ''.