A former beauty queen from the Philippines blasted K-pop stars for promoting “insecurity” and plastic surgery, attacked Filipino fans of the music for “losing their identity” — and was then ripped online for being a “xenophobic, elitist snob.”

Imelda Bautista Schweighart, the German-Filipino model who was crowned 2016 Miss Philippines Earth, posted the diatribe on her Facebook Monday, Malay Mail reported.

“I hate K-pop,” she declared. “Filipinos are losing their identity trying to be like Koreans. Can we have some pride, please?”

She continued, “I’m not sure if anyone can identify with (K-pop stars) but if anyone could, it’s imagining what you could look like after heavy plastic surgery. Insecurity is what they sell. They are not promoting self-love.”

Schweighart, 22, then praised “Western culture” in a reply to a comment.

“Western influence is top notch. And we are under them up to this day,” she wrote. “We need them as Filipinos and i salute to them for being exemplar in everything because ultimately, they are our superiors.

“There are indifferences but i’d rather see Filipinos find their identity instead of always being watered down.”

The singer also at one point defended Filipinos as “better at speaking English than Koreans.”

K-pop fans attacked Schweighart for being hypocritical and xenophobic.

“Dear Imelda Schweighart, Just b/c Pinoys love K-Pop, doesn’t mean they’re already losing their identity,” tweeted Francis Baraan IV, using the slang word for a person of Filipino descent. “Appreciating K-Pop doesn’t make Pinoys less Pinoy. On the other hand, you hating K-Pop doesn’t make you more Pinoy—that just makes you look like a XENOPHOBIC, ELITIST SNOB.”

Another person pointed to the cover art of Schweighart’s single “Fuccboi” depicting her as a Hindu goddess.

“so, imelda schweighart is out there ranting about korean pop culture in the philippines— but she’s right here, culture-appropriating hinduism [on her fuccboi ep’s cover art],” Yuan Gonzales wrote. “that was… a quick self-explanatory, huh.”

Another user took issue with Schweighart comparing Filipinos’ English-language skills to Koreans’.

“Miss Imelda, I don’t really care if you hate kpop but going as far as downgrading a race for their English skills doesn’t sit well with me. English skills don’t equate into intelligence,” wrote @cjherradura. “And I’d rather listen to bts songs about self love than your ‘fuccboi’ song.”

Schweighart has since deleted her Facebook.

She was forced to give up her beauty queen title after lashing out against Miss Earth 2016 winner Katherine Espin from Ecuador, accusing her of having a “fake nose, fake chin, and fake breasts,” according to Malay Mail.