As every album release delivers consistent sales growth and number-one singles, WJSN has proven themselves to be a solid K-pop force. The 13-member girl group, who are also known as Cosmic Girls, are nearing their five-year anniversary and have earned the right to spice things up which comes in the form of their first splinter unit WJSN Chocome.

With a name roughly translating to “Little WJSN,” the four members of Luda, Soobin, Yeoreum and Dayoung are getting the chance to not only showcase new sides of themselves as singers but to the larger WJSN brand at large. While most Cosmic Girl releases embrace synth-pop sounds for majestic and fantastical concepts (see “Butterfly” from their summer album Neverland), the offshoot go in a completely different direction with a quirky and slightly bizarre single to reintroduce themselves. The saxobeat-tinged disco-pop “Hmph!” is a bubbly blast of youthful aegyo cuteness with its accompanying music video producing visuals that are both insane and insanely fun.

While some could dismiss the venture as a quick and simple side project, there’s reason to believe “Hmph!” and WJSN Chocome could make a major K-pop impact due to circumstances the world sees itself in during 2020.

First off, the sound and concept behind “Hmph!” represents something unique to the Korean industry by blending a vintage disco sound with nearly-too-cute-to-handle vocals to deliver an undeniable K-pop hit. Past girl groups like T-ara, Orange Caramel, Rainbow Pixie, Crayon Pop, Cocosori, Oh My Girl Banhana, OguOgu and others have all embraced a similar aesthetic with four of the aforementioned seven groups acting as offshoot units of their main groups. WJSN Chocome is the latest to join in this history but this quartet has something additionally special going for them.

While “Hmph!” is as catchy as it gets, and Luda, Soobin, Yeoreum and Dayoung all shine embracing this concept, we are currently living in a very digital time period due to coronavirus concerns keeping many home and glued to their screens. Something fun and funky like “Hmph!” is perfect for a TikTok challenge–obsessed time. Not only does the song begin with its instantly addictive chorus, but it boasts an easy-to-follow choreography that can have anyone also flailing arms and doing the devil-horn dance moves. Add in the animated and colorful costumes the foursome has been wearing throughout their promotions of the song and you have prime opportunities to catch and stop those stuck in scrolling modes on their screens.

In fact, the song is already catching on in different ways as the K-pop scene adjusts to a more digital environment.

In lieu of in-person concerts and meet-and-greets, artists are communicating with their fans via online concerts and video-call events. In these video calls, fans get one-on-one FaceTime with their favorite artists with a new trend recently popping up of requesting a snippet performing “Hmph!” Members from popular groups like Seventeen, Oh My Girl, Stray Kids, Weeekly, Pentagon, CIX, Cravity and more are helping the song reach more people and create a new kind of viral boosted by fan interest above all else. While it’s always fun to see celebrities jump on a trendy dance, when the world is a more serious place, seeing someone you love embrace the cutesy, quirky styles of WJSN Chocome is made that much more appealing.

All the above opportunities were not available to the earlier groups who had just as catchy songs and choreographies but did not find themselves in the digital-first situation “Hmph!” finds itself in today. While songs can go viral for all kinds of reasons—who would have expected the chart resurgence for Fleetwood Mac’s “Dreams” thanks to TikTok of all places?—WJSN Chocome can find its way into many different hearts thanks to its core catchiness, fun and funk as well as the unique situation we find ourselves in 2020.