A British man who has spent more than $150,000 on plastic surgery to look like K-pop star Jimin has married a cardboard cutout of the BTS singer in Las Vegas.

Oli London, 29, from London, brought his full-size cutout of Jimin — whose full name is Park Ji-min — to Sin City to say 'I do' in front of an Elvis Presley impersonator at Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel.

'It was such an emotional ceremony. I felt very emotional,' he told DailyMail.com in an exclusive video of the wedding. 'Jimin is my idol. I've spent a lot of money on surgery to look like him, and now I've actually married him.'

'I don't know what else I can do next. It's the happiest day of my life,' he added. 'I can almost cry.'

Oli was joined by friends as he walked his beloved cutout of the South Korean singer to the chapel on their big day.

'We're going to get married, finally. So happy. Yay!' he gushed. 'I'm going to marry Jimin, guys. Look, he's smiling. He's so happy.'

Once inside, the plastic surgery lover filled out the paperwork for their wedding, quickly glancing at the cutout, saying: 'I guess I'll sign for you, Jimin.'

Ron Decar, the owner of Viva Las Vegas Weddings, was dressed as Elvis as he drove Oli, his cutout of Jimin, and his friend Angélique 'Frenchy' Morgan into the chapel in a pink Cadillac convertible.

The impersonator performed 'That's Alright, Mama' before starting the ceremony, during which Oli promised to 'always be teddy bears' with Jimin and to give him 'a hunk, a hunk of burning love.'

When Elvis pronounced them 'partners in life,' Oli held the back of the cutout's head and gave it a long and sensual kiss while his friends cheered.

Ron sang a rendition of 'Viva Las Vegas' before the newlyweds and their friends left. After the ceremony, Oli held up a plastic cup of bubbly to toast his husband.

'So Jimin, here's to our wedding,' he told the cutout. 'Congratulations to getting married to none other than me.'

Oli lifted the cup to Jimin's lips and ended up apologizing profusely after accidentally spilling some of the drink down its front — but that didn't stop him from trying to feed the cutout cake.

'Oh, he's so happy. Look he's been smiling the whole time,' he noted. He's been smiling all day.'

In a post-wedding interview, Oli relished in being married to the cutout after years of BTS fandom.

'This is the happiest day of my life. Marrying Park Ji-min was always my dream, so I'm super, super happy now to have married him and it's finally official,' he said.

'I've even got the certificate to prove it, signed by Elvis Presley, the king of rock and roll, himself,' he added, holding up the paper.

When Oli is in Las Vegas, his cardboard cutout lives with him in the apartment he shares with Frenchy.

Unsurprisingly, his bedroom is covered with posters of Jimin as well as pillows and dolls made in the K-pop star's likeness.

Oli, who claims to be in a multi-year relationship with the cardboard cutout of Jimin, became fascinated with the boyband member when BTS debuted in 2013.

'I was actually living in Korea at the time, and I was watching some TV and BTS performed and I was just amazed by all of them,' he told Barcroft TV in September 2019.

'I want my entire lifestyle to revolve around K-pop and I want my entire look to look like Jimin because for me he is perfection, his jaw shape, his lips his voice, everything.'

Over the past five years, Oli has spent an estimated $165,000 on more than 15 surgeries to look like his idol.

In a September episode of the E! reality series Botched, he was denied surgery after trying to convince Dr. Terry Dubrow and Dr. Paul Nassif to give him another nose job.

Oli's dream of looking like Jimin has come with some controversy and concerns about cultural appropriation, but he insists that's not the case.

'So, I'm not actually changing my race. I have a deep respect for Korean culture,' he said. 'It's cultural appreciation, not cultural appropriation, so I'm very, very respectful of Korean culture.'

Oli has even started his own K-pop music career and released the song and music video, 'Perfection.'

'My life has completely changed, so I am able to release a K-Pop music video, which I never dreamed would happen, so it's like a dream come true,' he told Barcroft TV.