K-pop boy band iKON have unveiled a teaser video for their new album i DECIDE, which will be released next month.

The trailer, which was shared on the band's official Twitter feed, opens with a quiet monologue narrated by band member Bobby and two other members sitting on a bench table in an empty lot under clear blue skies in a port-like setting against a mountain backdrop.

Bobby says: "I return to my place, where I have begun, with all the distrust behind, in spite of all the temptation, I continued walking on my own path and finally I am here."

As the monologue continues and the background music picks up pace, the setting switches between various scenes, from one member splashing paint across a large canvas inside a warehouse to another skateboarding and several others running together.

The trailer has a trippy, psychedelic feel, featuring a mash-up of different scenes shown in quick flashes. An enduring thread appears to be the trailer's red-themed lighting (the color red is said to be associated with the band) punctuated throughout the video.

Bobby's intriguing monologue concludes with: "I am me. I define myself. I am the reason for everything. Why not? I decide. iKon."

iKON debuted in 2015 and was a 7-piece band before its former leader B.I exited the group in June last year amid allegations of illegal purchase and use of marijuana in 2016.

B.I announced his departure in a detailed post on his Instagram account which read: "First, I would like to sincerely apologize for stirring up trouble due to my tremendously inappropriate actions. It is true that I wanted to rely on something that I shouldn't have had any interest in due to going through a hard and painful time. However, I was too scared and fearful to do it."

"Even so, I am so ashamed and apologetic to fans who were greatly disappointed and hurt because of my wrong words and actions. I intend to humbly self-reflect on my mistake and leave the team [the band]. Once again, I bow my head down and sincerely apologize to fans and the members. I apologize," he added.

The band's first album Welcome Back featured two No. 1 singles, which include "My Type" and "Apology," and was followed up with the album Return in 2018. Their next release will mark the group's third album when it is unveiled on February 6 at 6 p.m. (Korean Standard Time).