Step aside, Jonas Brother. BTS is premiering their first album of the new decade, entitled Map of the Soul: 7. They’re one of the biggest boy bands in the world, heading back on tour during April 2020. Is this K-pop group appropriate for young children? Here’s what every parent should know before attending a BTS concert.

Who are the members of the K-pop group, BTS?

The Backstreet Boys and One Direction have nothing on this boy band. BTS debuted in 2013 and since then, they’ve become one of the most popular K-pop groups in the world. They became the first Korean group to present an award at the Grammys and the first group since The Beatles to have three albums reach the No. 1 spot in a year.

BTS has seven members, with their stage names being RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V, and Jungkook. There are three rappers in the group — RM, J-Hope, and Suga — and four vocalists — Jin, Jungkook, V, and Jimin. Together, they’ve sold out stadiums, earned millions of streams on Spotify, and even spoke at the United Nations.

Turns out, boy bands aren’t just for teenagers anymore. The Techie Guy reports, “BTS has filled that gap and even more with their inspirational stories and positive message to people of all ages, genders, and nationalities. BTS is not ‘just for kids’ but is for everyone – no matter your age. I am told that over 63% of BTS fans are adults.”

Parents are often seen attending concerts with their children. In fact, for one Jimmy Kimmel Live segment, BTS surprised a handful of super fans and their parents. Just to give you a hint at their popularity, the video earned over 3 million plays on YouTube. To be fair, BTS had some controversial moments while first starting out. (You may hear about some sexist lyrics in songs like “War of Hormone,” but the group has since apologized and grown from their mistakes.)

With best-selling songs that promote self-love and even an anti-violence campaign with UNICEF, it’s pretty safe to say this boy band is appropriate for most children. However, this boy band isn’t afraid to touch on some pretty deep topics, including mental illness, so definitely give them a listen before deciding.

This K-pop group is going on tour during April 2020

After their month-long period of rest and relaxation, BTS returned to the stage earlier during 2019. With the start of the new year, the group is headed on tour, beginning in April 2020. There are no official dates or locations for these upcoming concerts, however, fans do know when BTS’ latest album will premiere.

An extension of the Map of the Soul: Persona era, BTS is releasing Map of the Soul: 7 during February 2020. Some fans are already preparing with the latest “Comeback Trailer,” entitled “Interlude: Shadow.”

Music by BTS, including Map of the Soul: Persona, is available on Spotify, Apple Music, and most streaming platforms. BTS’ upcoming album, Map of the Soul: 7, drops on Feb. 21, 2020.