The k-pop world has some rare couples who are still thriving. As there have been instances when the idols have dated beyond their contract restrictions and fans. Here is a list of break-ups in the k-pop world.

Also Read | Sulli And Other Massively Popular K-pop Stars Who Passed Away In 2019

Kai and Krystal are one of the most successful idols in the k-pop industry. However, the two did not last long as a couple. They also had a couple of name 'Kaistal' but their relationship faced flak and negative criticisms from fans. They broke up after dating for almost a year.

Also Read | Real-life K-Pop Icons That Have Been Shelling Out #CoupleGoals For Fans

Sojin and Eddy Kim dated in the year 20176 between June to December. The two had a beautiful relationship but parted ways due to work commitments and fan speculations. The entertainment companies of both the idols confirmed their separation news in December 2017.

Also Read | K-Pop Style And Fashion Tips That Every Girl Needs To Know About

EXO’s Kai and BLACKPINK’s Jennie news broke the internet in 2019. They lasted for only four months after reportedly breaking up due to their busy schedules. The power couple unexpectedly did not last long.

Suzy is one of the most sought after idol and also k-drama actor. She dated Lee Dong Wook, a popular actor and singer. However, their secret relationship ended within four to five months. The entertainment companies released a statement regarding their breakup, stating that they have work commitments and cannot make time for each other.

Initially, good friends Soul and Min dated for only six months. Their entertainment agency JYP released a statement of the end of their relationship. Some fans expressed that G.Soul ended his relationship due to his mandatory military service.

Also Read | K-pop Star Kang Daniel's New Song Drops This Month; Sparks Excitement Among Fans

Also Read | BTS Are Considered To Be Some Of The Fashionable K-pop Artists In The World, Here's Why

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.