K-pop star Holland says he ‘went through a lot’ while making his new single.

The singer released the track Loved You Better last year before embarking on his first Europe tour.

Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Holland, 23, said he spent months working on Loved You Better, the longest time he has ever spent on a song.

He explained: ‘This was a song I worked really really hard on and went through a lot for. I worked on it for 4-5 months.

‘It was the first time I worked so long on one project. I tried to put my story and the scars of my past in it as well.

‘My life is in my music; I wanted my experiences and story to colour my music. I hope people can empathise with it.’

‘I’m a lot more sensitive and introverted than you’d expect and I’m not as strong or tough as you may think I am,’ he went on.

‘I hope you’d just think of me as a normal 23-year-old boy who makes music, music with meaning.’

Holland, one of the first K-Pop idols to come out as gay, also urged both his native Korea at the world to empathise with the ‘struggles of minorities’.

‘I hope that whether it’s through music or other forms of art, we’re able to address and hold these important discussions going forward,’ the Nar-C singer said.

‘That’s how we’ll be able to progress and make a better society for everyone.

‘I hope the Korean people, LGBTQ, women and other minorities can hold peaceful dialogues going forward. I dream of that kind of society and world.

His fanbase Harling will be happy to hear that he has plans to release a full-length album at some point in 2020, and he’s going to be serving up something a little different.

‘There are a lot of genres and things I haven’t tried. One of those things is dancing, I think it would be really great to dance as well. On my next tour I’m thinking I’ll be coming back with dancers!’ he teased.

MORE : Love Island 2020: Nas Majeed reveals Lewis Capaldi’s ex Paige Turley has the most annoying habit in the villa

MORE : Amy Schumer gives drowsy update on IVF treatment journey as she documents egg ‘retrieval day’