K-pop idols end up landing roles in Korean dramas as well. This marks their beginning in acting career which eventually is a good career path for the young guns. According to multiple k-media reports, a K-pop idol brings extra coverage to the dramas as they have an existing fan base. We list down some of the best Korean dramas with K-pop idols as lead roles.

Also Read | Real-life K-Pop Icons That Have Been Shelling Out #CoupleGoals For Fans

For anyone interested in K-drama’s and want to watch the best one with Korean idols and singers in it, then this is it. From IU in the lead role to Exo’s Baekhyun in the supporting act, Moon Lovers is one of the most popular k-drama with k-idols in it. The storyline dates back to the Goryeo era and the modern era, through which the lead IU travels during the time of the total eclipse.

This drama portrays the sad truth of Korea’s plastic surgery frenzy. The female lead undergoes extensive surgeries to look better and be accepted. On the other hand, ASTRO’s Cha Eun Woo, the popular k-pop idol is the good looking male lead in the drama. The story is a series of realisations about the pre-conceived notions of the Korean beauty standards, a must-watch for sure!

Also Read | K-Pop Style And Fashion Tips That Every Girl Needs To Know About

This funny cliché drama is a series of short episodes. In the drama, almost the entire members of popular k-pop boy group EXO are the cast members. As the name suggests, the drama is about a lost friend who is later found living next door. EXO’s Chan Yeol is seen in the lead role. Moreover, Baekhyun, Kai, Do Kyung Soo all from EXO are in the star cast.

The action thriller drama has popular Girl’s Generation Member In Yoon Ah in it. She is paired opposite one of the most popular k-drama actors of all time, Ji Chang Wook. The drama was a success when it aired and is another must watch suggestion for anyone.

Bangtan Sonyeondan or BTS’ V( Kim Tae Hyung) as Han Sung and Park Hyung Sik of ZE:A as King Sam Maek-jong in Hwarang. This drama is full of K-pop idols in the lead roles. The drama revolves around a king struggling to find his place in the kingdom. This drama is serious but has some comic elements overall.

Also Read | K-pop Star Kang Daniel's New Song Drops This Month; Sparks Excitement Among Fans

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.