When BTS stepped out in a Hyundai Palisade last year, the SUV was on back-order for months. The band also launched lucrative partnerships with sportswear manufacturer Puma for track suits and sneakers; global character brand Line Friends for collectibles such as cellphone cases and plush dolls; South Korean beauty brands VT Cosmetics and Mediheal for makeup, perfume and face masks; and toy maker Mattel for figurines and an Uno card deck. Other collaborators, such as Starbucks and UNICEF, have said they plan to harness the band’s popularity to promote their humanitarian efforts.

“What we love about BTS is that they are a pop culture music phenomenon that transcends age, culture and language,” said Lisa McKnight, the global head of Mattel’s Barbie brand. “We get a lot of input studying culture, looking at social media, looking at public response, media and earned media coverage, and then evaluate what would be a good collaboration … and we are fortunate to bring one of the most popular bands right now to life.”

“We really started at the bottom. When we first started, no one paid attention to us,” RM said on CNN, adding that the group lived in the same house and learned to deal with each other like “brothers.” “We sometimes argue from time to time. We know how to deal with it and how to learn from each other. We have a very special bond.”

Other Korean labels have been known to impose strict control over their artists’ lives, going so far as to include no-dating clauses in their contracts. While this could prevent artists from acting out, it also puts pressure on them to strive for perfection, potentially exacerbating mental-health issues. The industry has come under scrutiny after the deaths of two K-pop stars last year. But for BTS, there seems to be more openness regarding music creation and social media, possibly from what Bang described as a “relatively liberal trainee system.”

“The K-pop management system has been far from perfect in the past,” said Bernie Cho, president of DFSB Kollective, an agency that specializes in the export of Korean music. He added that as the industry has expanded, the Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korean Fair Trade Commission have stepped in to protect artists. “Coupled with the power of social media-savvy fans and the influence of stock market investors, the days of overbearing, overly controlling and overtly exploitative K-pop management situations are becoming less the rule and more the exception. Bad behavior is not just a bad look — it’s bad for the bottom line.”

“It is as important to be partners in philosophy as it is to create hit products and generate sales,” said Steve Sejung Ha, general manager of Big Hit IP. “Our most important customers are the ‘fans’ who love the artist, so it is very important to work with an open-minded partner who can actively understand and communicate with our fans. I believe this aspect has a huge impact on our performance.”

“They’re both very into the branding, much more so than I’d say 95 percent of what other groups and bands have done,” Ekstract said. “I think every band now today wants to do that … but I just think there are a few that really break out and separate themselves from the pack, and BTS certainly is at their height.”

“Everything that happens to BTS comes down to the fan base and how dedicated we are,” said Roma Barade, an 18-year-old high school senior and administrator for the New Jersey fan group. “A lot of us look at them as serious role models. We look up to everything they do and buy products that they use.

“Thousands of reviews on the product are uploaded via social media, which more consumers and brands can easily see,” said Kim, whose YouTube channel has more than 566,000 subscribers. “It’s a free second promotion and also a convenient way to keep track of marketing impact in terms of data tracking. ARMY is one of the biggest and most supportive communities in the world, so when you have ARMY backing you up, it’s really hard to lose.”

“It sucks, and I will absolutely miss them,” Ibarra said of their required military service. “It’s something they have to do and I’m ready for it, but what I always tell people, what is the amazing thing about BTS, that even if they’re not here, they left us with an amazing message that can continue on. … It’s timeless, to love yourself, speak for yourself and be true to who you are.”