American singer-songwriter, model, and actor MAX (Maxwell George Schneider) shared his hopes to collab with K-pop artists!

In an interview with Edaily, MAX shared, “I like K-pop. In particular, I think it’d be an honor to have the opportunity to collab with BTS, Stray Kids, DAY6, MONSTA X, and BLACKPINK.”

During the interview, MAX talked about his upcoming first concert in Korea while elaborating on his attachment for BTS’s Jungkook, who had recommended his songs. MAX said, “In the past few years, Jungkook has shared a few of my songs, and every time he introduced [my song], I felt really good, and it felt like an honor.”

Earlier, Jungkook had recommended MAX’s “Love Me Less,” and MAX had responded through his Twitter with his hopes to meet Jungkook in person while promoting in Korea, along with the clip of Jungkook recommending his song. MAX shared, “Through this concert, it would be nice to personally meet him while I’m visiting Korea.” He added, “[BTS’s] ‘Fake Love’ is one of my favorite songs.”

MAX will be holding his first concert in Korea on January 14 at 8 p.m. KST at MUV Concert Hall in Hongdae, Seoul. Born in New York, MAX began promoting through Broadway musicals, and he’s since then appeared in various films, TV shows, dramas, and more. He became even more well known to the public through Dolce & Gabbana’s global campaign with Madonna. Beginning his music promotions with the name MAX, he showcased his talented vocals through various covers of Maroon 5, Ed Sheeran, Justin Timberlake, and more through his YouTube channel.

Already, MAX has greeted fans with various genres and collaborations such as “One More Weekend” with DJ Audien, “Still New York” with rapper Joey Bada$$, “Team” with Noah Cyrus, and “Love Me Less,” the song recommended by BTS’s Suga and Jungkook, featuring Quinn XCII. MAX has also been nominated for the New Pop Artist award at the 2019 iHEART Awards, and he has been picked by Billboard as the pop star to watch, showcasing his promise as an artist.