TWICE’s Japanese singer Momo and Super Junior singer Kim Heechul are reportedly dating. The K-pop idols had earlier denied dating and now the news it out. K-pop fans are rejoicing at the discovery as the couple received tonnes of support, nevermind the 13-year age gap between them.

As per Korean news portal Soompi, Momo and Heechul are officially in a relationship. The report did the rounds of the internet on Market News with sources confirming that the singers are seeing each other. Rumours of their relationship have been around since August 2019 back when Super Junior’s label JYP Entertainment denied the rumours. Fans are overjoyed that the pair got together and they are showing their support in ways ranging from excitement to offering to protect them aggressively. Momo and Heechul appeared on TV shows together. They met on Knowing Bros and Weekly Idol and even back then K-poppies couldn’t help but ship them both. Fans cannot stop talking about the first K-pop couple of 2020 and they are celebrating:

You should know that dating in the K-pop world isn’t all that simple with some entertainment companies including no-dating clauses in their contracts. Perhaps that’s why Twitterati are doing their best to normalise the idea of Korean pop artists dating. It cancels out the expected backlash. Dispatch has often outed couples before they could make their relationship status official in public and it has led to disastrous conclusions resulting in scandals.

SEE ALSO: TWICE Idol Jihyo And K-pop Star Kang Daniel Are Dating Since January. But, Are They Allowed To?

K-pop fans only just hot treated to BTS’ year-ender performance from New Year’s Eve at Times Square and now, they have the best news to kickstart the year with.

“The two of them are currently developing a beautiful love for each other despite their busy schedules. It’s been said that in the rough entertainment industry where many incidents occur, they are a great source of support for each other. Their relationship began as ‘close seniors and juniors’ but they are now a couple.” - Market News