K-pop idols are also known to star in film and TV projects. Many of them have received praise for their acting skills. There are few fans who want their favourite K-idols to be in a K-drama. Take a look.

Also Read | John Cena Reveals Why He Admires Popular K-pop Group BTS

BTS’ Jeon Jung Kook is the 'Golden Maknae' (youngest and talented member). According to fans as he can sing, dance, and sometimes rap. Now fans believe that he should be a part of a K-drama in the lead role. BTS Jeon Jung Kook, however, is not in any project according to official reports.

Also Read | All About Red Velvet - The Popular 5-member Music Group In K-pop World

BLACKPINK’s Lisa is one of the most loved members of the group. She dances and also raps. However, fans believe that Lisa can be an excellent actor in 'High School' themed drama. Hopefully, fans fulfil their wishes and will see her in a K-drama in 2020.

Also Read | K-pop Band Blackpink's Best Songs That Fans Should Listen To

EXO’s Xiumin was seen in short K-dramas like Exo Next Door and Falling for Do Jeon. However, fans expect the actor will further explore his acting career in the year 2020. The singer and dancer of EXO, Xiumin is expected by many fans to star in a drama.

BTS’ V was last seen in the 'flower boy' (popular reference to good looking men in Korea) Korean drama Hwarang. However, the BTS Army (fandom) wants the singer to do more acting projects from the singer. He is not doing any K-drama anytime soon which is a major disappointment for many fans.

Irene of Red Velvet is a singer and main visual of the five-member group She was last seen in Female Employees of a Game Company, which is a web drama. Fans expect more acting performances from the K-pop idol as she would essay any mature character well. Some fans posted their recommendations to the K-idol.

Also Read | THIS K-pop Group Will Be A Part Of 'VH1 Supersonic' Line-up This Year

K-pop star, rapper and excellent dancer Jackson Wang is known for his rigid and tough personality in the K-industry. Even though he has essayed some guest cameo roles in Dream Knight and The Producers K-drama, fans want the rapper to act in more K-dramas. According to many fans, he can essay a good historic or epic character.

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.