South Korean boy band BTS have declared New Zealand their "favourite destination" out of all the places they have visited for their travel show.

The final episode of the latest season of Bon Voyage, which was filmed in the South Island in September, was released overnight NZ time.

The show saw the seven-member group enjoying classic Kiwi experiences such as camping, fishing and hiking, as well as some more luxe activities like a helicopter tour.

The finale saw the band reflect on their time in New Zealand, with almost all of the members describing it as their favourite destination out of all four seasons of the reality show.

READ MORE:

 * All seven members of K-pop band BTS must serve in South Korean military

 * BTS releases first episode of their Bon Voyage travel show filmed in New Zealand

 * The 'Pineapple Lump Protection Policy' that kept BTS' New Zealand trip quiet

The band has visited North Europe, Hawaii and Malta in past seasons.

They were full of praise for the South Island's "beautiful" scenery and even the weather, saying they had enjoyed the cold and snow.

New Zealand is expected to get a tourism boost from the show, which became a trending topic on Twitter when new episodes were released via the Weverse platform each week.

A bold Kiwi kid caught the internet's attention in the final episode after he approached one of the K-pop stars in a Queenstown food court to ask if he could have his stickers for a McDonald's promotion.

Clips of the encounter have been retweeted thousands of times.

The band's trip to New Zealand was their first work project since they announced they were taking an "official and extended period of rest and relaxation" in August.

Their month-long break was reportedly the first time the stars had enjoyed time off since their debut in 2013.

BTS is considered the biggest boy band in any part of the world, last year making history by becoming the first group to spend five weeks at number one on the Billboard Artist 100 chart.

The group is set to release their seventh studio album in February and have teased an upcoming tour.