Two groups from the Produce show (I.O.I and Wanna One) had already fulfilled their promotional period together and girl group IZ*ONE was considered more established after more than a year together, but X1 wound up on the chopping block with the record labels that represented the agencies of the 11 respective X1 members ultimately split on whether to continue or end. They opted to disband the act. Despite remarkable achievements like showing early Billboard chart success (including high ranks on the Artist 100, Social 50, World Albums and World Digital Song Sales chart) and earning one of Korea's highest-selling albums of the year (their debut LP Quantum Leap was the fourth-best-selling album in Korea behind established acts like BTS, Seventeen and EXO), the decision to disband likely came after worries over comments, harsh press and that generally negative perception would be forever attached to the group during their planned, five-year contract.

Even with rumors that the guys actually wanted to stay together, the group ended things with the 11 members heading back to their respective record labels for future plans. Fans of X1 -- affectionately known as One It -- have been fighting for the band, even taking a note from BLACKPINK fans who elicited a response from their record label, by renting truck with messages supporting the group and demanding action take place. The trucks have gone outside the different record labels of the X1 members, even getting noticed and receiving a public shoutout from X1's youngest member Nam Dohyon.

While K-pop fans previously needed to deal with the harsh industry reality that shuddered and cut its artists away from even the slightest bit of controversy -- and mostly still tries to -- the support for the X1 members is speaking to a larger message of supporting young artists, some of them kids, who are innocent among actual crimes of powerful and high-ranking businesspeople. If the X1 members are guilty of anything, it's being talented enough to be part of such a promising boy band. From the on-the-street trucks to more than two dozen hashtags that One Its have trended worldwide on Twitter, fans have the power and literal loud speakers to call out these injustices on larger than ever platforms.

A fan account Wings for X1 that was created in October to support X1 "to protect and support the 11 members of X1 during this time of uncertainty" has amassed nearly 20,000 followers on Twitter, has successfully campaigned throughout Seoul and is pushing forward with projects to show the international reach of X1.

Fans are continuing to push for anything from letting X1 reunite under a different name and label to even a splintered version of the group coming together. Even if the #FightForX1 proves unfruitful and fans aren't able to see the 11 come together again, there's a larger statement being said here that fans aren't sitting idly anymore. These 11 stars won't be abandoned by their fans with reparations of sorts needed to be made by the industry and their respective labels to counteract the unfair treatment. Otherwise, what hopes can the fans have in their future support when even the most obvious of injustices were ignored?