EXO member Chen has apologised to fans over the news he is engaged.

Back in January the 27-year-old revealed he has a fiancee, who is not a celebrity and reportedly pregnant.

The K-pop star explained that he was ‘grateful’ for support from fans, but apologised to those who ‘must have been very surprised and taken aback by my sudden news’.

In a statement on the fan message board, he wrote: ‘After worrying a lot about how I should express my feelings, it’s taken me until now to write to EXO-L.

‘I’m worried that I might hurt you through poor wording, but I want to first off apologise to everyone who has waited for all that time. I also want to express my apologies to EXO-L who must have been very surprised and taken aback by my sudden news.

‘When I first wrote that letter, it was my first time too experiencing such a thing, so I worried a lot about what I should say to EXO-L who’ve been together with me. Still, I wrote a letter because I thought that I needed to personally tell all of you first… however, my unintentionally lacking and poor wording caused disappointment and hurt, and seeing you experience that made my heart ache as well.

‘I don’t know if my feelings will be conveyed well, but I’m sincerely grateful for the love that you’ve given me and I’m more aware than anyone else that I am who I am now because of that love.

‘I want to apologise again for expressing my apologies to you so late. Also, I will show you how I’m continuing to try hard. Thank you.’

The April, And A Flower singer revealed his plans to start a family with a handwritten letter posted in January last year.

His agency SM Entertainment added in a statement: ‘Chen has met someone precious to him and will be getting married. The bride is a non-celebrity, and the wedding will be held privately with only their families in attendance.

‘To respect their families’ opinions, the wedding and everything related to it will be held privately, so we ask fans and reporters for their kind understanding.

‘Chen will continue to work hard as an artist. We ask you to send Chen lots of blessings and messages of celebration.’

The singer released second solo album Dear My Dear last year, ahead of EXO’s latest comeback Obsession.

MORE : Love Island’s Sophie Gradon’s mum blasts government for ‘sweeping’ reality TV inquiry ‘under the carpet’

MORE : Dave track Black sees its streams increase by nearly 2000% after rapper’s politically-charged Brits 2020 performance