Since his very first release, K-Pop artist Holland has set intentions. When he featured a same-sex kiss in his debut video, 2018’s super-cute “Neverland”, Holland was aware of the risk he was taking. At best he would be ignored, at worst he could end his career before it had even started. Even his name is a statement – Go Tae-seob renamed himself Holland as a nod to the country that was the first to legalise same-sex marriage. As the only openly LGBTQ+ K-Pop star, Holland’s daring debut flew under the radar of much of Seoul’s media. Yet it sent K-Pop fans into a frenzy – Neverland was viewed 1.6 million times in just 24 hours.

Read more: Why Holland Is K-Pop’s Most Urgent Voice



Since then the 24-year-old has built a sizable and ever-increasing audience. Nearly 13 million people have so far viewed “Neverland”; 4.8 million have watched the self-possessed “I’m Not Afraid” and 1 million its counterpart, the conversely vulnerable “I’m So Afraid”. His recently released single, the relentlessly optimistic “Loved You Better”, is currently on 2.5 million views. Holland has nearly a million followers on Instagram and when he decided to crowdfund to raise funds for his self-titled debut release, he doubled his $50,000 (£38,800) target in 48 hours.

As well as a fearless trailblazer and LGBTQ+ advocate, Holland is a talented musician with great style. Vogue’s Hattie Collins met the K-Pop star during his recent European tour.

Why do you think K-Pop has been so successful? We take it for granted, but it’s still pretty incredible that a genre of music sung predominantly in Korean has not only become popular globally but is breaking records and creating worldwide superstars.



“Historically, Korea is a country that went through a period of extreme rapid economic development, so it’s very attuned to worldwide trends; we’re able to quickly pinpoint what people want, then adapt and refine, producing high-quality results. The same applies to the Korean music industry and K-Pop. We were able to identify trends, polish and produce high-quality performances and music. There is also open and regular communication between fans and artists.”



How do you reflect now on your debut Holland?



“I’ve developed a lot since then. Even until shortly after my debut, I still felt very much like a naïve and regular boy in his early 20’s. Now, I feel like I’ve matured and learned a lot through meeting new people. I also feel that because my musical perspective has broadened, I’m getting closer to becoming a true artist. As much love as I have received from my fans, I’m working that much harder to repay them through good music.”



Why was it so important for you to be openly LGBTQ+ from your very first release, despite no precedent for gay, bisexual or trans K-Pop stars?



“When I was younger, there wasn’t a Korean idol singer who had openly come out or revealed their LGBTQ+ status. So during my schooling years, when I was going through a tough time, I was influenced a lot by Western LGBTQ+ pop artists. I knew we needed a similar figure in Korea. I also wanted to share my story by making meaningful music for people to listen to. I got inspiration from the broader culture and mindset of the generation, and also from looking back on my own life, the experiences I went through.”



How do you think you’re working for inclusivity and acceptance?



“I believe the music I make, the messages I deliver to my fans and the meaning of my existence itself influences people. It’s still not common in Korean society to openly accept LGBTQ+ individuals or the community, so I hope there are more opportunities to talk openly about homosexuality in the future. I believe my music is playing a role in broadening this conversation.”

Are you supported by the K-Pop community in Korea?



“I do have supportive people around me, however, because I haven’t had the chance to meet or interact frequently with other K-Pop artists, I’m not quite sure how they view me. But there are still many artists out there who do respect and love my music and what I’m doing.”



Who in fashion interests you most at the moment?



“I’m inspired by Tyler, the Creator, Kanye West, Rihanna, Cardi B, and G-Dragon, who was recently discharged from his mandatory military service in South Korea. I’m also inspired by [Dazed] fashion director Robbie Spencer and Sébastien Meunier, the creative director for Ann Demeulemeester. My fashion style is very specific and distinct; in my daily life, I usually wear hoodies and prefer comfy streetwear, whereas when I need to be Holland-the-artist, I dress in a more “romantic” style. For example, I wore a lot of Ann Demeulemeester during my Europe tour in December. I especially loved the boyish and vintage look of Demeulemeester; it suited me perfectly. I also love classic and simple looks with a statement piece. And I like high boots!”



You have clearly made an impact on fans – from the millions on YouTube to the £80,000 you crowdfunded. What do you think people like about you?



“More than other K-Pop idols, I do feel that I have a bit more of a self-centred, independent and individualistic image. I feel that my fans appreciate those candid and genuine aspects. In addition, minorities and marginalised communities exist all over the world, and I believe I was able to be a figure of hope and comfort to them. My goal is to create music with a positive message. The more I create and focus on my music, the better my understanding of myself; I get a clearer picture of what kind of stories I like to tell, what kind of values I have, and what kind of person I would like to be remembered as. These are opportunities for me to reflect on myself in an objective manner. It has been an enjoyable process.”



The “Neverland” video has had 12 million views. Does that blow your mind?



“I was surprised to have received a lot more support than I initially expected. I can’t believe people watched me kiss someone 12 million times! Not everyone can say people have watched them kiss someone over 12 million times!”



What impact on other young people do you think your coming out has had?



“When fans reach out to me via DM, fan letters or I meet them in person, they often tell me that they were able to come out to their family and friends because of me. Every time I hear something like that, I feel surprised and happy of course, but I also do worry a lot for them. I don’t think I’ve quite yet adjusted to the fact that I’m a public figure with that much influence. I’m very relieved if people consider me to be a positive influence. For the larger community, even if people don’t identify as LGBTQ+, I hope we are able to start a dialogue about the LGBTQ+ community, and once again think about them through me or through my music.”



What do you say to your young LGBTQ+ fans who want to come out?



“Whatever the reaction of people around you may be, please always remember one thing – even though there may be negative reactions, never think of it as your fault or place blame on yourself; it is never your fault, you never did anything wrong. You are more than worthy of love. The person you must love is yourself, more than anyone else. Please love yourself no matter what.”



How do you navigate the challenges of working within the music industry?



“It is a tough industry and it is true that many artists struggle mentally and/or physically. Me as well, it would be a lie if I said I’ve never struggled. It hasn’t been that long since I debuted, so I’m also still trying to find the best way to navigate the industry in a way that works for me. But I’m also able to find some healing through my work. In Korea, mental health is still a stigmatised topic so I hope we can be more open about talking about mental care and treatment. In the future, I hope that we can collectively change our mindset.”



What are you most looking forward to about 2020?



“In 2020, no matter what, I want to try harder to be thankful for all the things that happen – whether they’re good things or bad things. And I will try harder to live with a more positive mindset. I also want to release my full-length album. My goal is to work extremely hard on it, to the best of my abilities, so that it meets even my own standards. I have a lot of ambitions, but I want to challenge myself in many fields: I want to try my hand at acting; give a TED talk; improve my English; and promote in many different countries. Long-term, I would like people to remember me, Holland, not just as a K-Pop idol, but as an icon who left a lasting legacy in many fields and industries.”



Not much then!

“Exactly (laughs).”



Who would you be interested in collaborating with in the future?



“A K-Pop artist I would like to collaborate with is Sunmi. Frank Ocean and Harry Styles are the pop artists I would love to collaborate with… please!”



Holland is working on new material due later this year.



More from British Vogue: