The line of concertgoers that snaked into the Provident Credit Union Event Center at San Jose State University looked similar to fans at any other boy band show. Because the headliner is South Korean K-pop sensation Stray Kids, many were clutching light sticks, homemade banners and headbands.

On this particular night, however, there was one additional accessory: face masks.

The unstylish trend has been popping up throughout the Bay Area at malls, grocery stores and now at concerts as concern over the spread of the coronavirus grows. On Thursday, Feb. 13, a few people in the queue were sporting them, while others had masks tucked away for later.

At many K-pop concerts, fans can purchase a “hi-touch” ticket that allows them to meet the stars after the show. They gather in a room, form a line, and then high-five the group. It’s an exclusive, if pricey, elevated level of engagement. But because of coronavirus fears, the tour promoter SubKulture Entertainment worked with medical professionals and Stray Kids’ management company to implement an extra element of safety. To enter the hi-touch line, each fan must undergo inspection with a thermal scanner, take a dollop of hand sanitizer and wear a mask.

More than 66,000 cases of coronavirus, a disease that originated in China, have been confirmed worldwide, with the first case confirmed in Santa Clara County on Jan. 31. With the way the disease is spreading, precautions taken at the Stray Kids meet-and-greet are likely to become the norm.

Coronavirus hits Bay Area: What residents need to know

Joyce Kim, a K-pop fan from Washington, D.C., came prepared and pulled out a box of masks she brought with her. She passed a few out to three girls with hi-touch tickets who forgot to bring them. With that crisis averted, the girls joked about meeting their idols while wearing the strappy gauze across their faces, but their excitement didn’t wane. They talked about maybe writing messages on the masks in Korean so the boys could read them.

Kim said she doesn’t mind the “ounce of prevention” attitude. The eight members of Stray Kids are Asian artists who will eventually return to Asia. Keeping them safe, healthy and at ease will supersede any self-consciousness about meeting their idols mano-a-mano with their faces half covered.

“I would rather wear the mask than have the hi-touch canceled,” Kim said. “I think the excitement’s already there. The fact you get to meet them and give them a high-five is going to override the doubts of wearing a mask.”

Stray Kids grow up to dazzle the K-pop world

Review: K-pop supergroup SuperM keeps spirits high in San Jose during Super Bowl