MANILA — Four years since debut, Seventeen have proven themselves to be one of the most commercially and critically successful acts in South Korea’s pop music scene. Despite this, the boy band’s growing popularity outside the East Asian nation shows no signs of slowing down.

Last month, the band wrapped up the North American leg of their “Ode to You” world tour. They are set to make a stopover in Manila on February 8, which will be their fourth concert in the country.

Seventeen is a multinational boy band that debuted under Pledis Entertainment, one of the relatively popular K-pop companies. The band’s name was taken from the sum of three numbers significant to the group — 13 members in three “sub-units” (or smaller groups within an act, in K-pop jargon) that come together to form one team.

For those who are not into K-pop, a 13-piece act may seem like a dizzying concept. Seventeen, however, have used their number to their advantage. Each member offers something unique to the team.

Seventeen also take in pride in being a “self-producing” group, with the members largely involved in the production of their music and stage performances.

In their early years, Seventeen won fans’ hearts with their brass-heavy, upbeat tunes and boyish image. In 2017, however, the band shifted to a more mature sound and image through the EDM track “Don't Wanna Cry.” Since then, the group have continued to explore various genres, with each new song serving as a testament to the act’s versatility.

Last year, Seventeen released “An Ode,” which sold over half a million copies in its first week, bagged a “daesang” (grand prize) for Album of the Year in the Asia Artist Award, and was named K-pop album of the year by critics from music publication Billboard.

With at least a dozen singles to date, Seventeen’s discography is teeming with memorable songs that set them apart from other male acts. Here, we look at the ones that stand out from the group’s catalog:

The Manila show of Seventeen’s “Ode to You” tour was produced by PULP Live World and Pledis Entertainment.