February may be known as the month of love because of Valentine’s Day, but that doesn’t mean people who are riding solo should be singled out. This playlist was made to root for all the singles ladies and gentlemen out there as they proudly embrace their solitary lifestyle.

Here are eight K-pop songs that are great anthems to help you celebrate being single.

Just like Jennie over here, shining solo is a bliss you wouldn’t know about until you walk out of a meaningless relationship. Liberating yourself and working on your strengths and goals is all you need for personal growth, and that’s more than enough.

Strong independent women pull through! This one is for anyone who has proven to themselves and the world that they can cater to their own needs without counting on anybody else all while thriving in life.

Being alone is not always a bad thing. There is a certain comfort in doing things by yourself, whether it’s going to the movies, enjoying a Karaoke session, or ordering a big meal just for yourself. Some people simply do well on their own!

If you’re single because you got cheated on, then you’ve definitely dodged a bullet. Unfaithful relationships are a source of constant anxiety and hurt. So instead of worrying for two, how about you take time to relax, care for yourself, and enjoy the solo life?

Just because you’re single doesn’t mean you’re available. Plus, it takes more than cheesy pickup lines and obvious moves to get your attention. You are adamant to make the most of your single life before you fall for someone, especially when they try to make you swoon with predictable sugar-coated talk.

Sometimes, it takes time and preparation to move on and start over. With this in mind, forgetting about the past and blooming again is the best way to kickstart your solo journey. What are you waiting for? Leave it all behind!

This one serves as a major confidence boost and is a reminder that you’re perfect and you’re worth it. So live your life to the fullest and remember: You’ll always win hearts with your personality, and that’s all you need to know.

Now this track may sound like it’s meant for people who are getting ready to go back in the dating game, but the lyrics that lead up to the hook show just how much progress is made when it comes to one’s own person. Having a good time and growing braver, stronger, and more confident are things that only you can work on and improve by yourself.

Which K-pop song represents how you feel about being single? Let us know in the comments below!