On the shore of the East River in Brooklyn Bridge Park, a tangle of aluminum coils rests like a tangled 50ft slinky. The massive loops form a porous cave against the light Tuesday morning rain – people pose for pictures at the edges, while a toddler steps over the square tubes in tiny Ugg boots. The hulking aluminum tumbleweed, likely to be stumbled upon by joggers on an evening run, is New York Clearing, a piece by the renowned British sculptor Antony Gormley and a local art experiment supported by one of the biggest boybands in the world.

Connect, BTS, is a global arts project led by BTS, the seven-member South Korean pop sensation, now one of the world’s most popular music acts. Interested in a different avenue to connect people, BTS has sponsored sites in London, Buenos Aires, Seoul, Berlin and New York featuring interactive work from 22 artists. Connect BTS, which will unveil elements of the project over the course of this year, shares with the band, according to its curator Daehyung Lee in a press release, “a deliberate porousness, and a realization of the possibility of seeing the world differently”.

Based on a series housed at the Royal Academy in London, Gormley’s New York Clearing features the same looping, buoyant coils – a scribble come to life by a single line of over 11 miles of aluminum tubing tied and welded together without beginning or end. It’s also the first of Gormley’s Clearing projects to be staged outside, unbounded by museum admission. The potential to reach new audiences, either in New York or through BTS’s massive fanbase, initially drew Gromley, who’s perhaps best known for his 66ft (20-meter) Angel of the North figure in Gateshead, to the project. “I felt from the very beginning [Connect, BTS] was an act of hope,” he told the Guardian. He admired the group’s sense that much of their fanbase, mainly Generation Z, thinks the world is on fire – the planet is warming, social media can divide and poison as much as it connects – yet the band and Lee’s mission to channel a message through visual art to a larger, pop-based audience was “refreshingly idealistic”.

A superstar band, with its massive commercial appeal, and the rarefied visual art world may seem like an unlikely collaboration, but BTS is “trying to tell their personal truth and make it universal, and in that sense then we’re in the same field”, Gormley said. Still, “the art world is relatively insular and self-serving … and these young guys come along with their millions of followers and offer a bridge for a whole new kind of audience – how could you refuse that?”

Gormley said he admired both Lee and the band’s aspirations of connectivity and re-engaging with one’s immediate, sensory environment. “It’s a different industry, different methodology, but we are envisioning the same future to be shared with the entire humanity, all together,” Lee told the Guardian. “This is our final chapter and culmination of the Connect, BTS project,” he said in a speech welcoming visitors to New York Clearing on Tuesday, “but I wish this is the beginning of our collective initiative to awaken our forgotten sensorium, to value diversity, to understand different people around the world.”

Part of the project’s mission (or, as Gormley called it, “experiment”) is to redirect attention back to the tactile and analog. “Because of our goal-orientated consciousness, we tend to ignore a lot of the signals that are coming toward us,” Gormley said, in a message that sounds straight out of the bestseller How To Do Nothing or the many books touting disconnection from one’s phone to reconnect with the environment around you. “Our bodies are extraordinarily acute instruments that are telling us things about our environment all the time, but we tend to ignore all of that because we’re basically concentrating on our screens.”

In New York Clearing, assembled in the cold over the course of a couple weeks, you have to step over coils, duck under loops, reassess your path. Engagement with the piece produces a circular sensation, observing other people observing you observe the environment; when I pressed lightly on an unbundled coil, I could see it wriggle under someone else’s hand across the sculpture. “We have body empathy, that’s maybe the most powerful communication of all,” said Gormley, “the viewer becoming the viewed for other viewers, but more importantly, the viewer being the subject in the ground. It’s the ground the artist is providing you, not a picture, not a representation.”

Instead, New York Clearing, he said, is “simply an invitation and a question, which is: come and see what it feels like in this thing that isn’t really an object – it’s more of a place, it’s more of a phenomenon. It’s an environment that you can become part of.” Do you step into the drawing, or examine from afar? How do you see yourself in the space? How are you feeling, in this light, in this time, in this place? “I like the idea that if you accept the invitation, come in and see how it feels,” said Gormley. 



He pointed to the lower Manhattan skyline, a fixed vertical grid looming over the unbridled Clearing scene – “here is the condition, the contemporary urban condition, but here is potential, here is energy as an open possibility.”
• None Antony Gormley’s New York Clearing is free and open to the public on Pier 3 in Brooklyn Bridge Park from 5 February to 27 March 2020.