BTS’s new single “Black Swan” may have come and gone on many Billboard charts after making a splashy debut last week, but an older cut is still holding on. In fact, it’s doing better than ever, and now it’s become one of the biggest successes in K-pop history on one important ranking.

The Korean band’s 2019 release “Make It Right” rises to No. 24 on this week’s Pop Songs chart, a new high point for the track. The single, which now features Lauv, has been living on the tally for some time, and it’s only performing better and better as the frames pass.

“Make It Right” now stands as the third-highest-charting K-pop single in the history of the Pop Songs chart, which ranks the most-played tunes on mainstream top 40/pop radio stations across the U.S. every week.

Leading the way among all Korean-language tracks that have made it to the Pop Songs chart is Psy’s “Gangnam Style,” which remains the only K-pop release to break into the top 10. It peaked at No. 10 back in 2012, becoming a historic win for the genre.

BTS and Halsey’s “Boy with Luv” holds the title of the second-highest-charting K-pop single in Pop Songs history, as it lifted as high as No. 22 last year. With any luck, the band may rewrite their own best showing, if “Make It Right” can continue to climb as it earns more love from radio stations around the nation.

Last week, “Make It Right” was tied as the fourth-highest-charting K-pop cut on the Pop Songs tally, but now it’s not only broken out of that tie, but blown past another big win from the same band. Monsta X and French Montana’s “Who Do U Love?” was on the same level as BTS and Lauv’s longstanding hit, as they had both peaked at No. 26. Now, “Make It Right” has advanced, passing that tune and leapfrogging over another one of their singles, “Mic Drop” with Steve Aoki and Desiigner, which stalled at No. 25 in 2017.

“Mic Drop” has now been pushed down to fourth place on the ranking of the K-pop singles that have risen the highest on the Pop Songs chart, while “Who Do U Love?” slips to fifth on that same tally.