K-pop star, singer and actor Henry Lau lends his voice to a global musical collaboration with world renowned EDM pioneers Far East Movement and the London electro-pop duo AlunaGeorge.

The song, titled Nice Things, focuses on the end of a relationship and plays on the saying, “This is why we can’t have nice things,” which usually assigns blame to someone else for what went wrong. In this case, it’s love gone wrong.

“Love is polarizing and love is sacrifice,” said Prohgress, a member of Far East Movement. “And love is best when it drives you crazy. This song is one of those movies.”

The track was produced by Far East Movement’s label Transparent Arts, which partners with China’s streaming service NetEase to create songs that blend artists from different cultures and languages.

Lau, commonly referred to as just Henry, is a Canadian singer-songwriter, composer, actor, entertainer and music producer mostly active in South Korea and China. Although he debuted as a member of the k-pop group Super Junior-M, he went on to have a successful solo career, with songs such as Trap and musical contributions to the soundtrack of dramas such as While You Were Sleeping. Henry appeared in a few Korean dramas, including My Sweet City, Persevere Goo Hae-ra and Oh My Venus. In 2019, he made his Hollywood debut in the film A Dog's Journey, the sequel to the 2017 film A Dog's Purpose.

It’s Henry’s first collaboration with Far East Movement. Known for fusing electronic, pop and hip-hop genres, Far East Movement were the first Asian-American artists to hit #1 on the Billboard Charts. Their ever growing catalog of music—including Rocketeer, Girls On The Dance Floor, If I Was You (OMG)—has been supported by artists such as Skrillex, Diplo, and Afrojack. They’ve also opened for Lady Gaga, Robyn, Rihanna and collaborated with Feist.

Their album, Dirty Bass, spawned four singles that reached the top 10 of pop charts across the globe: Turn Up The Love, Live My Life, Dirty Bass, and The Illest. The group’s latest album, Identity, which explores their Asian and American identities, landed on top of the iTunes US Dance and Billboard Dance charts.

AlunaGeorge is an English electronic music duo, consisting of singer-songwriter Aluna Francis and producer George Reid. AlunaGeorge is best known for the songs You Know You Like It and Your Drums, Your Love, with the latter debuting at number 50 on the UK Singles Chart.

“We like to mix up our sound with artists from different genres,” said Kev Nish of Far East Movement. “With our Identity album, our single Freal Luv with Marshmello, Chanyeol and Tinashe gave us the first real chance to try a culturally global collaboration. That experience was really fulfilling for us. Growing up both Asian and American, blending these styles matched with our identity as artists from both these cultures.”

Nice Things is the first Far East Movement and NetEase collaboration of 2020 following multi-cultural collaborations in 2019 that produced five Top 5 hits on the NetEase Cloud Music streaming charts. Their 2019 songs include Bamboo featuring Chinese pop sensation Jason Khang and Asian-American songstress Kina Grannis, Blossoms featuring Atlanta soul artist Troop Brand and Chinese rapper Vava, Paint The Clouds featuring Chinese singer Tia Ray, Maps featuring Diamond, Starchild Yeezo and hip-hop/trap producer Rell The Soundbender, and #1 hit Lovebird featuring award-winning Chinese singer/songwriter and EXO member Lay.