MBTI, short for the Myers Briggs type indicator, is a personality test that distinguishes the main functions that make up one’s personality: Introversion (I) vs. extroversion (E), intuition (N) vs. sensation (S), thinking (T) vs. feeling (F), and finally judgment (J) vs. perception (P). Combining these elements together results in 16 different personalities.

Many Korean celebrities have taken this test and shared their results, either on variety and reality shows or via social media. Check the list down below to learn about their personalities!

INTJs are described as imaginative and strategic thinkers with a plan for everything. Gong Minzy and SF9’s Dawon fit this personality type.

INTPs are innovative inventors with an unquenchable thirst for knowledge. One example of an idol with this personality is BTS‘s Jin.

ENTJs are known to be bold, imaginative, and strong-willed leaders, always finding a way – or making one. Tiffany Young is one of the idols that match this type.

ENTP identifies smart, curious thinkers who cannot resist an intellectual challenge. Celebrities with this result include Stray Kids’ Hyunjin, Jessi, and Ra Mi Ran.

INFJs are quiet and mystical, yet very inspiring and tireless idealists. Some idols who fit the description are SEVENTEEN’s Wonwoo, Woozi, and The8, and GOT7’s JB.

INFPs are known to be poetic, kind and altruistic, and always eager to help a good cause. Many identify with this type, such as Epik High‘s Tablo and Tukutz; IU; BTS’s RM, Suga, and Jungkook; GOT7’s Yugyeom; iKON‘s Bobby and B.I; SEVENTEEN’s S. Coups, DK, Hoshi, and Jun; as well as celebrities Kim Sook, Min Hyo Rin, and Kang Ye Won.

ENFJs are labeled as charismatic and inspiring leaders, able to mesmerize their listeners. Idols that got this result are BTS’s Jimin, GOT7’s Jackson, Stray Kids’ Bang Chan, SEVENTEEN’s Joshua, Mingyu, and Dino, iKON’s Yunhyeong, and TXT’s Beomgyu.

ENFPs are enthusiastic, creative and sociable free spirits who can always find a reason to smile. Some of the celebrities that fit the profile are BTS’s V, iKON’s Junhoe and Donghyuk, SEVENTEEN’s Seungkwan and Vernon, Stray Kids’ Changbin and Felix, Golden Child’s Joochan, TXT’s Yeonjun and Hueningkai, Jeon Somi, and Hong Jin Young.

ISTJs are practical and fact-minded individuals, whose reliability cannot be doubted. Idols who made the list are GOT7’s Mark, iKON’s Chanwoo, and Girls’ Generation’s Sunny.

ISFJs are very dedicated and warm protectors, always ready to defend their loved ones. Idols with this personality type are SEVENTEEN’s Jeonghan, GOT7’s Jinyoung and Youngjae, and VICTON’s Byungchan.

ESTJs are known to be excellent administrators, unsurpassed at managing things – or people. Some of the celebrities that fit this type are Han Chae Young and GOT7’s Bambam.

ESFJs are extraordinarily caring, social, and popular people who are always eager to help. BTS’s J-Hope, Stray Kids’ Seungmin, Lee Know, and I.N have all identified with this personality type.

ISTPs are painted as bold and practical experimenters, masters of all kinds of tools. Hong Jin Kyung and Stray Kids’ Han identify as such.

ISFPs are flexible and charming, always ready to explore and experience something new. Idols with this type are iKON’s Jinhwan and TXT’s Soobin.

ESTPs are known to be smart, energetic and very perceptive people, who truly enjoy living on the edge. TXT’s Taehyun is known to be an ESTP.

ESFPs are spontaneous, energetic, and enthusiastic people – life is never boring around them. Weki Meki’s Kim Doyeon and CIX’s Bae Jinyoung revealed this to be their MBTI.

Which celebrity do you share your MBTI with? Let us know in the comments below!