PLUS: Cancelled festivals amid nCov scare

 A concert producer has issued a new set of guidelines for three highly anticipated K-Pop concerts happening in Manila this month, while two other long-established festivals have been cancelled amid the escalating 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) pandemic around the world.

Following the Department of Health’s advisory to avoid crowded places in general, Happee Sy-Go of Pulp Live World announced that they will impose a “no mask, no entry” policy for the shows of South Korean boy group NCT Dream, SEVENTEEN and the cast of hit Korean variety show “Running Man.”

SEVENTEEN’s “Ode to You” concert is scheduled on February 8 at the Mall of Asia Arena (MoA) to be followed “Running Man’s” “A Decade of Laughter” tour in Manila on February 9 also at MoA. NCT Dream’s “The Dream” concert, meanwhile, has a show date on February 29 at the New Frontier Theater.

“We highly discourage those coming from [nCov] affected areas to [come to] the show for everyone’s safety… Body temperatures will also be checked [upon entry] and alcohol stations will be set up [around the venue].” Sy-Go said in a statement. These guidelines are in addition to the production’s strict rule of “no mask, no entry” for all patrons.

Meanwhile, the Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP) regretfully cancelled its annual “Pasinaya” festival, which was initially slated from February 7 to 9. The event is noted for bringing the arts closer to the masses around this time each year.

“For the past 15 years, the CCP Open House Festival has been drawing thousands of spectators who can see-all-they-want for a suggested minimum donation of P50. Last year, more than 16,000 people participated in the country’s biggest multi-arts festival,” stated CCP artistic director Chris Millado.

“As the World Health Organization declared the coronavirus as a public health emergency of international concern, we urge the Filipino people not to panic and remain calm. Let us work together to prevent the virus from spreading. Let us remain vigilant and keep safe,” Millado added.

Even Baguio’s local government cancelled the opening of the world famous Panagbenga Festival, whic was supposed to hold its opening activities on January 31 and February 1. All big public activities in Baguio were likewise called off including the Cordillera Administrative Region Athletic Games on February 15 and the street events every Sunday on Session Road.

Mayor Benjamin Magalong noted they will still need to assess if the city will push through with the Panagbenga street and float parades on February 29 and March 1.

“The tourism revenues are the least of my concerns. My main priorities are the health of my constituents,” Magalong in a statement.

The series of announcements came soon after Philippine Health Secretary Francisco Duque 3rd confirmed on January 30 the country’s first case of nCoV, compounded Sunday by the first recorded nCov death outside China here in Manila. IZA IGLESIAS