It appears that the K-Pop band BTS, currently one of the most popular bands in the world, has used an audio sample of Twitch streamer Greekgodx in one of its songs without the streamer's permission. It's a pretty big allegation for the group, which could lead to a legal battle depending on how both parties choose to proceed.

In one of BTS' new songs, "UGH!," someone can be heard screaming "let's go!" In a recent clip posted to Twitch, Greekgodx compared that to some of his own work, with the two voice clips being pretty much identical. If BTS is, in fact, using Greekgodx's voice without his permission, it could lead to a slew of potential copyright claims and other legal issues for the group.

RELATED: BTS and Jimmy Fallon Take on the Fortnite Dance Challenge

The situation between the two parties is typically reversed. Twitch copyright claims usually affect streamers playing the work of artists on their streams, so a band using a streamer's voice is kind of interesting to see. While the voice clips are incredibly alike, making it seem like BTS did, in fact, use Greekgodx's voice, there's still a chance that its a different clip entirely. The Twitch clip shows Greekgodx's immediate reaction, though it does contain some NSFW language.

It isn't entirely clear what will happen next. There's a good chance that Greekgodx will at least try to get something for the use of his voice, but it's also possible that he simply lets it go. If the voice clip is 100% confirmed to belong to the streamer, it would effectively put the ball in his court as far as how to proceed. BTS could also reupload the song without the voice line, but whether or not that happens remains to be seen.

Greekgodx has been a controversial figure in the past, having earned a Twitch ban for a rant on the streaming site back in September. Regardless, if BTS did use his voice without his permission, the streamer is well within his rights to take action. Hopefully, the two parties are able to come to an agreement, but fans will just have to wait and see how that turns out.