One of the K-pop industry’s biggest executives is lending a hand to one of the scene’s most promising groups in a rare display of crossing company lines.

Lee Soo-Man, a longtime pioneer in the K-pop world with his namesake SM Entertainment since the ‘90s that has helmed generation-defining acts like H.O.T, BoA, TVXQ!, Girls’ Generation, EXO and more, has been confirmed to lending his vision and producing skills for the first artist outside of his company. Lee worked with new girl group LOONA, who is under the smaller Korean label Blockberry Creative, and took part in the group’s upcoming album titled “#” that was released on February 5 with lead single “So What.” Watch below:

The 12-member-strong LOONA—who have garnered a sizable international fan community with their intricate backstory leading them to a large social-media following and chart-topping success on the Billboard and iTunes charts around the world—confirmed that Lee worked on their album at a press showcase ahead of the release of the album, marking the first time he’s produced for an outside artist since setting up in his company in 1989.

LOONA had nothing but kind words to say for Lee’s contributions. “We want to express our gratitude to producer Lee Soo-Man” member Yves told the press (according to a translation from Soompi). “Producer Lee Soo-Man says he got to know about us while working on his global project...our ‘Cherry Bomb’ cover video [originally performed by SM Entertainment artist NCT 127] caught his eye, and he judged that we have potential, so he willingly participated in production.”

Ahead of the release of the “#” album, LOONA has been sharing sneak peaks of the new songs and album artwork, with fans noting that LOONA seems to be embracing a more powerful and aggressive sound for the single “So What” instead of the sleek electro-pop sound of past singles like “Butterfly” or “Hi High.” Lee Soo-Man has been able to connect his artists with large international audiences, including his most recent project SuperM, the “supergroup” boy band made up of members from four existing SM groups, earning a No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart.

It will be interesting to watch to see if LOONA can also reach bigger audiences with this release given the change-up in sound, all seemingly in the name of creating a larger appeal while teaming up with one of the best in the K-pop biz. The group has shared the following “#” teasers before the EP drops.