Congratulations to BTS’ Jimin, ASTRO’s Cha Eun Woo, and BIGBANG’s G-Dragon for being hailed as the top three idol members for the month of February!

The Korean Business Research Institute has revealed the brand reputation rankings among K-Pop boy group members for February 2020. Based on its latest list, multi-talented stars BTS’ Jimin, ASTRO’s Cha Eun Woo, and BIGBANG’s G-Dragon are the leading male idol members this love month!

The rankings were grounded on various factors including consumer participation, media, communication, and community indices analyzed by the organization. Particularly, it extracted a total of 106,880,619 pieces of data among numerous boy group members from January 13 to February 14.

Out of 598 K-Pop boy group members, Jimin of worldwide idol group BTS has succeeded to maintain his seat at the top. Remarkably, the charming idol continues to lead the rankings for 14th straight months now. He was able to obtain an impressive brand reputation index of 8,633,706 for February.

Some of the high-ranking phrases in Jimin’s keyword analysis are their beloved “ARMY”, latest track “Black Swan”, and his alma mater “Busan High School of Arts”. The words such as “cool”, “donate”, and “fever” are likewise present as his high-ranking related terms.

Rising to claim the second place is ASTRO’s visual-killer Cha Eun Woo. The idol-actor was able to climb up the list after marking an 18.28 percent increase in his score since January. He specifically scored a total brand reputation index of 6,837,239 in February.

Obtaining the third place is G-Dragon from legendary K-pop boy group BIGBANG. The stylish and talented Hallyu star was able to acquire the high rank with 5,305,890 brand reputation index.

Rounding up our top five list are BTS’ V and SF9’s Rowoon who placed fourth and fifth, respectively. In particular, V scored 5,187,288 brand reputation index while Rowoon received 4,711,274.

Here are the other idol boy group members who entered the Top 30 for February: