Spotify has just released a truckload of K-Pop-related stats.

There have been more than 41 billion K-Pop streams on the platform to date and Spotify users around the world have added K-Pop songs to more than 96m playlists.

K-Pop’s share of listening on the platform increased by more than 1,800% between January 2014 and January 2020.

Since 2014, K-Pop music has been streamed for more than 134bn minutes on Spotify, according to the company.

The Top 10 countries for streaming K-Pop at the moment (in the past 90 days) are the US, Indonesia, Philippines, Japan, Brazil, Mexico, Thailand, Malaysia, Canada and Singapore. The UK falls just outside the Top 10, at No.11.

K-Pop music streams in all 79 of the markets Spotify is active in, with Egypt, Vietnam, France and Colombia seeing 33%, 30%, 13% and 8% growth increases in the rate of K-Pop streaming from January 2019 to Jan 2020, respectively.

The top-streamed K-Pop artists on Spotify are: BTS (pictured), BLACKPINK, EXO, TWICE and Red Velvet.

BTS’s music has been streamed more than 8bn times on Spotify.

The top-streamed K-Pop track on Spotify is Boy With Luv from BTS and US singer-songwriter Halsey.

The track has been streamed more than 380 million times.

Meanwhile, 53% of K-Pop listeners on Spotify are aged 18-24 and 73% of K-Pop listeners are female, according to the streaming company.

Spotify rolled out a global rebrand for its New Music Friday playlist last week with cover stars, BTS.

“K-Pop Daebak”, Spotify’s first K-Pop playlist (launched in 2014) now has more than 2.4 million followers.

“There’s no denying the massive global explosion of K-Pop over the last few years, and we’ve witnessed it first hand on Spotify,” says Kossy Ng, Head of Artist and Label Marketing in Asia.

“This is truly the first Asian music genre to resonate so well with a global audience. K-Pop fans are among the most passionate and active, and K-Pop fandom – the way fans function, communicate and connect with one another – is like no other.

“There’s no doubt that K-Pop’s immense popularity will only continue to grow, and we’re excited to continue driving discovery and connecting K-Pop artists to fans all over the world.”Music Business Worldwide