KPop group BLACKPINK has made history. The music video for one of their debut songs 'Boombayah' has crossed 800M views on YouTube, becoming the first K-pop debut music video to do so.

It joins the ranks of BTS' 'DNA' and another one of BLACKPINK's songs 'DDU-DU DDU-DU' as one of the few KPop group music videos to reach the 800M milestone. It has taken 'Boombayah' over three years to achieve the milestone, but follow-up song 'DDU-DU DDU-DU' crossed the 1 billion mark in only a year. More recently, BLACKPINK's 'Kill This Love' broke the record for most views within the first 24 hours after its release and is nearing the 800M mark just as it approaches its 1st year anniversary.

Needless to say, BLACKPINK is no stranger to breaking records and making history. Given that the girls have a limited discography to their name, their accomplishments are admirable. They might even break PSY's record with 'Gangnam Style'. Considering that PSY's record has over 3.5B views though, it might take them another year or two to get there.

But their monumental success right from their debut makes it quite understandable that their fandom, BLINKs, are eagerly awaiting a documentary on the band and their journey to the top. Netflix may have indirectly confirmed that BLACKPINK may just get a special feature soon.

While browsing around Netflix and casually looking up 'BLACKPINK', as one does, BLINKs discovered something interesting: an 'Untitled Blackpink Feature Documentary' appears as a related title.

A BLINK quickly jumped on Twitter to ask Netflix, "what date is the blackpink feature documentary being released?" to which the platform's account tweeted back "Hey, thanks for reaching out! We currently don't have any info on when that'll be released. Make sure to follow our social handle for updates though!" And as would be expected, BLINKs lost their collective minds.

BLACKPINK's agency YG Entertainment has been at the receiving end of an immense amount of hatred over the last decade. The company's top boy group, BigBang, were dealt a blow when member Seungri was accused of enabling sexual assault and participating in illicit foreign exchange transactions as part of the Burning Sun scandal. It also lost credibility and money when CEO Yang Hyun-suk was pulled up on similar charges. Not long before the controversy, top girl group 2NE1 disbanded following allegations of mismanagement, something fans have accused the company of repeating with their current top girl group BLACKPINK.

Despite their obvious appeal and the fact that everything they put out seems to be a hit, BLINKs are still left waiting for a full album from one of the top girl groups in the industry. Since no official dates have been released by YG for a comeback or for the rumored Netflix documentary, the wait for more BLACKPINK will continue indefinitely.