The bandmates of BTS continued playing their own version of Monopoly in the 94th episode of “Run BTS!” shot during their trip to London.Each had moments of strengths and weaknesses: Jimin turned out to be extraordinarily good at one-stroke pattern drawing while RM got the name of Brazilian capital city wrong. Jin excelled at the 007 Bang game, while it was revealed after several rounds that Suga actually did not even know the basic rules.Suga made up for it to the camera with cute poses. And RM did not even need a full minute to find six objects that share the initials with the band.Jungkook volunteered for a challenge that required for him to log 70 steps in 30 seconds on the pedometer. But he let out a howl when he looked at the screen reading “69” as his bandmates praised him for his honesty, admitting they would have cheated at a snap of the fingers.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/171267.Shin Dongpyo talked about his new school, Hanlim Multi Art School, admitting he was nervous and shy on the first day after transferring. However, it was very nice to run into Song Hyeongjun and Cha Junho, his former bandmates in X1, and they took a look around the school and visited the cafeteria.“I even took a selfie at the cafeteria!” he told fans, cutting a pose. Fellow X1 alum Nam Dohyon may join them at the school in March, he added.The idol chatted more before realizing the microphone he had put on shortly before for better sound was not working. He apologized and made different kinds of hearts, promising he will should more if the number of hearts clicked by viewers reached 100 million.Shin also told fans he is planning to lose some weight he had gained recently. He added that he had also grown taller, though -- three to four centimeters since the TV K-pop competition that made him famous ended.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/173551.Kpop Herald reporters reviewed GFriend’s just-released EP “LABYRINTH.”The girl group has returned after seven months with its seventh EP, and anticipations were high especially since its management company Source Music has been scooped up by Big Hit Entertainment. Producer and CEO Bang Si-hyuk not only oversaw the production of the six-track EP, but participated in writing the lyrics of two songs, added Yim Hyun-su.Lead track “Crossroads” switches between soft rock and electronic dance music, quite heavy on the string sounds and synth, he noted.It does not stretch far from the band’s signature synth pop style, commented Hong Dam-young, admitting she was surprised the producers respected the group’s original character. There has been speculation that GFriend may go through a major transition, but it seems the two management companies are on the same page and have agreed to keep the concept of the band, added Yim.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/173566.The youngest of GOT7 went live from his home studio again. He woke up a couple of hours ago and saw the snow and that it was cold indeed, he said.The performer was slightly at a loss when viewers asked him to share some tidbits, confiding he had not done much on the day yet. He then assured fans that his new piercing had settled down, following some inflammation and a scab on his ear.“Does it look better to have two?” he asked.As Yugyeom began to search for another song to play in the background, he glanced at the live chat stream from fans and acknowledged with a chuckle that he really is not so good at typing. He shared some of his recent favorite songs and said he usually listens to trap music, a style of hip-hop.“Even though it’s only listening to music, I am coming to the studio every day,” he added.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/173730.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=