Parasite winning at the Oscars is one thing, the new much-hyped Filter track by BTS, is another. But nothing is quite like the overwhelming K-Pop hype at Fashion Week.

Some say that South Korean K-Pop stars are the world's biggest influencers, having the biggest pull on Instagram. Having the entire world going bananas for K-Pop, with bands selling out stadiums in just seconds, it makes sense that luxury fashion brands want their slice of the pie. With BTS wearing custom-made tour outfits designed by Kim Jones for Christian Dior, it’s likely their far-reaching appeal won’t stop anytime soon.

Are Korean celebrities becoming the next face of luxury fashion? G-Dragon was the first Korean musician to ever collaborate with Nike for limited edition sneakers, which sold out in a matter of seconds. The fashion ‘It Boy’ has been a Chanel ambassador, too, while Kai of the K-Pop group Exo is a muse for Gucci, too.

Case in point: Just yesterday, Lalisa Manoban, the star of the K-Pop group Blackpink, was in the front row of the Prada show today at Milan Fashion Week. The crowd went absolutely wild - far wilder than most fashion week scrums, stopping traffic more than any other celebrity.

The Thai porformer politely made her way to the venue, waving along the way, like the queen, only to slip into Prada’s front row, alongside talents like Tamu McPherson, Chiara Ferragni, Yoyo Cao and Caroline Daur. It’s what some are saying is the star’s foray into mega superstardom. New York's fashion photographer Petra Collins recently shot Manoban for VOGUE Korea, too.

It was just yesterday that another K-pop star stole the show at Gucci’s front row, too. The brand’s Alessandro Michele had your usual guests at his runway show (Dakota Johnson, Yara Shahidi, Florence Welch) but K-Pop star Lee Ji-eun, known as IU, dressed in a pretty pink gown from Gucci’s spring collection.

In a stunning pink dress, she is what VOGUE is calling Gucci’s latest muse.

Did it all start last summer, you ask? Mino, the South Korean rapper walked Paris Fashion Week for Louis Vuitton, was hand picked by Virgil Abloh, back in June. Gong Yoo, who is called the Brad Pitt of South Korea, was in attendance, as well.

That’s not to mention how Fendi has plucked Bigbang singer Taeyang for a capsule collection featuring jackets and hoodies. Meanwhile, Rosé from Blackpink is a new ambassador for Yves Saint Laurent designed by Anthony Vaccarello.

The K-Pop star Hwang Minhyun came to Milan Fashion Week for the Moncler Genius show on February 19, too. And just earlier this month, Park Soo-young, also known as “Joy,” from the supergroup Red Velvet, was caught departing the Michael Kors fashion show at the American Stock Exchange in New York on February 12, as part of New York Fashion Week. She also caused a craze at Miu Miu’s AW19 show at Paris Fashion Show, too.

Lucas wong from NCT was spotted at Burberry's SS20 show in London, as well. Irene (Bae Joo-hyun) from the band Red Velvet caused a craze at Miu Miu’s AW19 show at Paris Fashion Show, too. Her style has been described as refined yet youthful, for her playful takes on Chloé twill and Miu Miu wool, being both sleek and polished.

Of course, the global supergroup Blackpink attended fashion shows, like Chanel, Celine, Saint Laurent and Burberry. It provides the much-needed hype for the brands to stay in the spotlight.

And BTS members are always sporting new looks beyond your typical streetwear; they have worn Givenchy, Saint Laurent, Valentino, Chanel and Gucci.

As K-Pop continues on the rise, stars like Wong Yuk-hei, better known as Lucas Wong of WayV, NCT and SuperM, attended Burberry's SS20 London show in the brand's trademark garb. Jackson Wang is a rep for Fendi, too, after becoming a face for Cartier and Armani Beauty.

Expect much more to come. GQ Korea just released photos of boy band Exo's Kai Will, a Gucci ambassador, posing for their March 2020 issue. And as the South Korean pop culture critic Ha Jae-geun says: “K-pop stars did not evoke luxury images in the past, but as the Korean culture has been sweeping the world, their fashion has also garnered global attention.”