Ladies’ Code have written heartfelt letters to their fans following the news they have left their agency Polaris Entertainment.

The trio have not renewed their contracts with Polaris and are going on hiatus while the members pursue solo projects.

All the members posted their messages on social media alongside old pictures of the group

Ashley wrote on Instagram that she was ‘apologetic’ not to have promoted for their fandom, called Lavely, more often.

She posted: ‘While I feel afraid because it’s my first time starting out alone, I will make a good impression as Choi Bit Na (her Korean name) and Ashley instead of an idol, so please cheer me on a lot.

‘Thank you for the precious memories, our members and Lavely. Thank you for giving me so much undeserved love despite my many shortcomings.

‘I will be thankful if you could cheer for the new paths taken by each of the three members Lee So Jung, Kim Joo Mi, and Ashley.

‘Also, thank you to the Polaris Entertainment family for being with us all this time! I will never forget the love we received until now. Be healthy and happy. I love you.’

Sojung said in her letter: ‘Many things have happened, but I was able to hang on because of our fans who always cheered us on, cared for us, and loved us. Thank you so much.

‘I was so happy during every moment we spent together. I won’t forget.

‘Though I feel sad, I’m going to do my best to show my other sides as Lee So Jung! Please support my new beginning!’

Meanwhile rapper Zuny insisted that they are not splitting up for good.

‘We’ve gone through many things together, crying and laughing, and it’s time for us to stay apart for a while, so I’m handwriting a letter to express my heart to the members and Lavely,’ she said on Instagram.

‘It breaks my heart to think about the Lavely who will be sad to hear this news, but we are not parting—we are only staying apart temporarily to go our own ways. So please don’t be too sad, and I would like it if you could support the paths we take!!’

Polaris said in a statement released to south Korean media: ‘Before we announce the unfortunate news, we would like to express our sadness for having to say goodbye to the members who carried out their activities passionately until the end.

‘Moreover, we express our gratitude that can’t be expressed in words to the Ladies’ Code members who went through joys and sorrows as artists under our agency for seven years.

‘We send our unsparing support for Ladies’ Code’s future activities, and we will look forward to and wait for the members to promote again as Ladies’ Code.’

Ladies’ Code debuted in 2013 with five members – Ashley, Sojung, Zuny, RiSe and EunB.

However, tragedy struck in 2014 when the group were involved in a serious car accident which killed RiSe and EunB.

Ashley, Sojung and Zuny continued as a three, and had their latest comeback last year with Set Me Free.

MORE : When is Adele releasing her new album – her fourth after 19, 21 and 25?

MORE : Love Island Aftersun cancelled tonight after death of Caroline Flack as main show plans tribute