The MONSTA X fandom (called Monbebe), or maybe even the majority of K-pop fandoms, often focus on how ‘cute’ their idols are, whether it be on variety shows, at the airport or on social media. MONSTA X’s first English language album All About Luv not only shakes off the ‘cute’ image but boots it up the backside off a cliff.

They sing about getting drunk and ‘swimming naked’; encourage lovers to text them behind their boyfriends’ backs, and there’s a bubbly electro track called LOVE U, the title of which should be replaced with a different four-letter word entirely.

MONSTA X has made the smart choice of appealing to a wider audience with the musical direction. The buzzy, EDM sound from their Korean albums has been traded in for club-friendly pop.

Who Do U Love, Got My Number and Beside U should get anyone on the dance floor, Monbebe or not; Happy Without Me is cheeky and radio friendly with an earworm of a chorus from Kihyun, and She’s The One brings the members back to their boy band roots as they pine over a crush.

At first fans might clutch their pearls over Misbehave – it’s a deceptively sweet tune with pretty dirty lyrics. But it fits right in with what’s in the charts and honestly it might become a new Monbebe favourite.

And it’s a strong reminder that after all, MONSTA X are men in their 20s and it’s what popstars in their 20s make songs about. This is lighter, freer music without the chaste intensity of, say, Destroyer or Dramarama, and it won’t be for everyone.

It does come at a turbulent time for the K-pop group who are two members down at the moment. Rapper Joohoney is taking time out to focus on his health and singer Wonho quit last year. However both their vocals appear on this album, and they sound great.

Joohoney’s singing has improved – those ad-libs! – although it’s a shame not to hear more of the explosive raps he’s known for; while Wonho proves he can excel when the pitch of a song suits him. I.M – the only English-speaking member – seems tamed, which is unfortunate because Monbebe know what he can do (Sambakja anyone?).

K-pop purists might have to give it a few listens, but for anyone outside the bubble who wants to dip a toe into MONSTA X’s music, All About Luv is a fun, flirty place to start.

MORE : Jameela Jamil brands Piers Morgan a ‘boring misogynist’ as he taunts her over viral Munchausen claims

MORE : Caroline Flack breaks social media silence despite being advised to stay offline