A former K-pop trainee has claimed that starvation was ‘normalised’ as teenage girls attempted to become idols.

K-pop groups are formed from trainees at various agencies, with young boys and girls often leaving their family homes to live in dorms with fellow trainees.

Euodias, 21, moved from her home in Britain to South Korea after landing a two-year contract with an agency following an audition.

And her family was shocked by the strict terms of her contract.

Writing for BBC News, Euodias, who is half Korean and half Chinese, explained: ‘he company could get rid of me at any time if it didn’t think I was good enough.

‘But if I chose to leave before the contract was up, I would have to repay the full cost of my training, which would run into thousands of dollars.’

At the building where she lived, parents had to get approval to visit, and were turned away if they hadn’t reached out in advance.

And when it came to the pressures of working to land a place in a group, trainees would work themselves to the bone – often rehearsing from 5am before school, until 11pm at night.

Euodias said that girls also went to extreme length to stay under the maximum weight for trainees of 47kg, writing: ‘Starving yourself was really normalised. Some trainees were anorexic or bulimic, and many of the girls didn’t have periods.

It was common to pass out from exhaustion. Often we had to help carry unconscious trainees back to the dorms.

‘If you were over the designated weight, then they would ration your food. Sometimes they would even take away entire meals and those “overweight” trainees would just be given water.’

She also claimed that trainees were banned from dating, and anyone who was openly gay was ‘ostracised’.

Euodias, who went by the stage name Dia, was offered a place in a girl group as a ‘visual’ – meaning the face of the group – with her company suggesting she have cosmetic surgery, including having her jawline shaved, to beat out competition deemed more attractive.

However, after realising she would have to act reserved, in line with the character the agency wanted for Dia, she decided to leave the agency when her contract was up for renewal.

Euodias went on to attend fashion school and now works as a YouTuber, with 345,000 followers, and has no regrets about quitting her K-pop dreams.

Years after Euodias completed her training, the South Korea’s Fair Trade Commission brought in new rules to make contracts fairer for trainees.

In 2017, the FTC enforced new rules on eight major agencies – including JYP, SM and YG – to reduce the fees demanded from teenagers after breach of contract, to stop agencies preventing former trainees from signing up to other companies and to stop agencies from cancelling contracts on morality clauses.

In recent years, agencies like Big Hit Entertainment, who look after BTS, have been praised for enforcing holidays for their artists to make sure they don’t suffer burnout.

MORE : Game of Thrones and Fleabag collide as Maisie Williams tracks down killer in Two Weeks To Live trailer

MORE : Gordon Ramsay dresses up in drag for new TV series – and he almost looks unrecognisable