Love and relationships probably are the most recurring themes for K-pop songs. But seven-piece girl band Dreamcatcher has deviated from the path by tackling a social issue. 

 For its latest release "Scream," dropped Tuesday, the septet ― Jiu, Sua, Siyeon, Handong, Yoohyeon, Dami and Gahyeon ― sings about the "witch hunt" in the Middle Ages, which is still prevailing in our society today. 

 Through the lyrics, the members indirectly blast foul-mouthed people who hurt others with their word choice. 

 "Witch hunt is linked to Dreamcatcher's musical universe," leader Jiu said in an interview with The Korea Times on Monday at a cafe in Gangnam-gu, Seoul. "Our universe centers on a magical tree that bears black fruit if we speak foul language, but grows white fruit when we use refined words. Since a witch hunt is also about hurting people with words, we thought it was connected to us."

 Interestingly, each member interpreted the lyrics in their own way. 

 "I play a victim of witch hunt for the track's first part, but as the number goes on, realize that I am actually a witch," lead vocalist Siyeon said. 

 In contrast, Sua thinks the song has two different "speakers" ― a victim and a witch. 

 "But we believe anyone could fall prey to a witch purge in their life," Jiu elaborated. "We do not want to specify who we are talking about, but want to convey a universal message that we have to bridle our tongue." 



"Scream," the lead track of the band's first studio album "Dystopia: The Tree of Language," is a blend of rock and electronic sounds. It is a powerful number with a particular emphasis on vocal. 

 The EP also contains 13 B-side songs including the speed metal-flavored "Tension," the alternative-based "Red Sun," the medium-tempo "Black or White" and the jazzy "Jazz Bar."

 "We have tracks of different genres to offer," Dami confidently said. "All of them reflect Dreamcatcher's unique music style."

 Dreamcatcher debuted in 2017 and has been noted not only for its sonic style but also for its storytelling skills. Most of the band's releases are rock-based and a part of their own fictional musical universe, which reminds people of a fantasy flick. This time, the septet unfolds a story about its "dystopia," where darkness stemming from foul language reigns. 

 "I think our combination of charismatic music and fantasy makes us offbeat," Yoohyeon said. 

 Dubbed one of the most anticipated groups of 2020, Dreamcatcher also disclosed its future goal. 

 "We want to adhere to our style and walk our own path to survive on the music scene," Sua said.