K-pop artist Kim Han-bin, the former member of boy band iKon, has reportedly tested negative in a drug test conducted as part of a police investigation following an allegation that he purchased illegal drug substances.

South Korea's Gyeonggi Southern Provincial Police Agency sent a sample of Kim's body hair to the country's National Forensic Service for examination and no illegal drugs were detected, police confirmed to the Sports World news outlet, Soompi reports.

"It is true that the drug test result is negative," police said in a statement to Sports World, Hellokpop reports.

The latest examination was done in addition to a 14-hour investigation Kim underwent last year in September. It marks the conclusion of the investigation but a final verdict from the prosecution has yet to be announced, Hellokpop reports.

The South Korean rapper, also known as B.I, announced his departure back in June following allegations that he purchased marijuana and LSD in 2016, as reported by Korean tabloid magazine Dispatch. The purchase and use of illegal drugs is an offense in South Korea that can carry a sentence of up to around five years in prison.

Kim apologized for his actions in a post on his Instagram account and explained why he was leaving the group.

"First, I would like to sincerely apologize for stirring up trouble due to my tremendously inappropriate actions. It is true that I wanted to rely on something that I shouldn't have had any interest in due to going through a hard and painful time. However, I was too scared and fearful to do it," he said.

"Even so, I am so ashamed and apologetic to fans who were greatly disappointed and hurt because of my wrong words and actions. I intend to humbly self-reflect on my mistake and leave the team. Once again, I bow my head down and sincerely apologize to fans and the members. I apologize," he added.

Fans of B.I have been taken to social media to show their support for the artist and celebrate his negative drug test results using the hashtag #HelloHanbinIsFree, which has been trending on Twittter, along with other related terms and hashtags.

"Hanbin you are worth the fight. Fighting with you in this battle is very tiring and hard, but you are my motivation. Remember when I said we are fighting for victory? This is it. The victory has won now. #HelloHanbinIsFree" @chaggiexx.

"Listen: hanbin has been proven innocent. meaning he didnt do anything wrong. meaning those stories were lies. meaning he didnt deserve any of the slander. so if I see a single one of yall trying to say anything REMOTELY bad about him, i'll come for your knees #HelloHanbinIsFree," wrote @ktaejavu.

"It's been almost 9 months but it was worth the wait. now it's your time to shine even brighter and show who's the boss here. #HelloHanbinIsFree" wrote @chrryhanbin.

"There is no need to defend yourself when mistreated by others, because time will direct the truth and the goodness that will protect the sincere soul. And i learn it from you Hanbin-ah. You have a pure heart. Your kindness make me fall in love many times #HelloHanbinIsFree," @LittleChick8_

Last June, Yang Hyun-suk, the former chief executive officer and chief producer at YG Entertainment (Kim's former management company), resigned after being accused of attempting to cover up drug charges around Kim, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported.

YG Entertainment has been involved in a series of scandals in recent months. Back in February last year, Seungri (former member of K-pop group BIGBANG) was accused of arranging sexual services for rich clients at a nightclub he owns.

Earlier this month, iKon released their new album i DECIDE.