Super Sunday: a day when charismatic young men at their physical peak, specialists in their craft, make fans go wild.

I’m talking, of course, about the K-pop group SuperM, which packed the SAP Center in San Jose on Sunday, Feb. 2.

SuperM, the supergroup that has been compared to Marvel’s Avengers, consists of Taemin, Baekhyun, Kai, Taeyong, Mark, Lucas and Ten — and they are each certified aces of their respective K-pop groups (Shinee, EXO, NCT 127, and WayV). The supergroup concept has been done before in K-pop, but this one feels different. By plucking the top talents from SM Entertainment, one of South Korea’s dominant music companies, SuperM feels more like a sleek Lamborghini than a tricked-out import.

The crowd, mostly young and female, was definitely up for it after waiting in long lines outside SAP Center. By the time the group hit the stage to “I Can’t Stand the Rain” at 7:20 p.m., the Shark Tank was filled with screaming, light-stick-clutching fans who helped set the scene, as if the arena was taken over by multicolored fireflies.

With the group already at headliner status with just six songs to its name (not counting two instrumentals), the big question was how SuperM was going to execute an arena-quality show with limited material.

One by one, they gave insights into each of their artistic specialties and personalities. Ten, Taemin and Kai’s kinetic dance moves during their individual turns were breathtaking and indicative of the vital role choreography plays in K-pop. Baekhyun gave off heavy R&B vibes during “Betcha” and “UN Village.” Lucas showed himself to be the most playful member during his “Bass Go Boom” spotlight, while “GTA” and “Talk About” revealed Taeyong and Mark as the resident hip-hop heads, stalking the stage and spitting bars like rap heroes.

They also added unreleased songs and a tasty cover of NCT U’s “Baby Don’t Stop,” making the concert feel like an exclusive listening party. When they all assembled for “No Manners,” “2 Fast,” “Super Car” and the unreleased trap-pop track “Dangerous Woman,” the energy in the arena spiked, demonstrating that SuperM is more than just the sum of its ridiculously good-looking parts.

“I’ll be honest, I was a little tired. But when I saw you, my energy is 100% filled,” Baekhyun said, through an interpreter. “You guys are like my Red Bulls.”

During the highlight reel that played between the main set and the three-song closer, the words “SuperM is forever” echoed around the arena. It was tantalizing confirmation that the group is not just a one-off and will continue to record and tour in the future.

And when they performed their gargantuan single “Jopping,” that really sent the crowd buzzing home on an otherwise depressing day for the Bay Area’s Niner Gang. Parents who gave up their Super Bowl Sunday to chaperone their kids to a SuperM concert made a wise choice. It was the ultimate audible.