K-pop made its debut Tuesday night in front of 62,581 fans at RodeoHouston. But the party started when it was announced in January.

Fans of NCT 127 went into overdrive and kept the conversation going for weeks on social media. Several hashtags — #NCT127atRodeoHouston, #NCT127RODEO #NCT127inHOU — were trending all day Tuesday on Twitter.

K-POP KICK: NCT 127 talks new album 'Neo Zone' and what they love about Houston

Popfancy Dessert Bar in Bellaire hosted a NCTzen Cafe from Saturday through Tuesday featuring custom desserts to represent each member. Business was brisk each day. The event was co-hosted by local K-pop store Eve Pink and K-pop event planner Snap2 Events.

Fans took it upon themselves to create giveaways for other NCTzens, the official fandom name, that were distributed Tuesday throughout rodeo grounds. Hundreds of them, dressed in neon, showed up for a “random dance play” between NRG Stadium and the Astrodome. Snippets of K-pop songs are played, and anyone who knows the official dance jumps in and struts their stuff.

This was more than a concert. This was a movement. Merch stands were quickly drained of many items. Some fans brought their own, from lightsticks to homemade signs professing love for individual members.

When the lights dimmed and the intro began, the screams hit glass-shattering levels. The guys took their positions on a bare stage, accompanied by prerecorded tracks and blasts of light. The hairstyles were great. The dancing was even better, a blend of intricate, stylized moves that allowed each member to shine.

“Cherry Bomb” and “Simon Says,” believe it or not, incorporate Houston’s classic screwed sound. “Regular” plays like a companion to Cardi B’s “I Like It” and boasts the best worst line ever: “I be walkin’ with the cheese, that’s that queso.”

Between songs, the guys were charming and gracious. They spoke frequently and let loose several cries of “Yeehaw!” throughout the show. Mark and Taeyong offered a “Howdy y’all” during the introductions. They all seemed to be having a lot of fun.

“So I heard it’s the first time at RodeoHouston that a K-pop group ever performed,” Johnny said amid a wall of screams. “Just to know that, to see our fans, our NCTzens out there really makes me very, very happy.”

They raced to each of the stage’s five star points during “Replay,” leading the crowd with green lightsticks. Every K-pop act has its own official LED light, and the stadium lit up like a rave. Fire Truck” was refashioned into a pounding EDM anthem. “Superhuman” mined an ‘80s sound. “Highway to Heaven” was a standout, a soaring pop anthem that should have been a huge radio hit.

This is pristine pop, delivered with kitsch and kick. NCT 127 has yet to hit the heights of BTS, but they deserve just as much success.

The group’s new album “Neo Zone” was released less than a week ago. Just one song, the hip-hop fueled “Kick It,” made the setlist. It was just enough to ensure a quick return to Houston.

Joey Guerra is the music critic for the Houston Chronicle. Follow him on Twitter. He will be covering every single RodeoHouston concert. Check our RODEO GUIDE for the best concerts, carnival food, rodeo competition and all things RodeoHouston.