While piercings are definitely not a new trend, 2020 seems to be the year to experiment with new sparkly additions. From the regular ear ones to facial pieces, belly buttons, and more, we’ve seen idols pull off the trend amazingly for years now, serving as inspo for those times when we can’t help but wonder if a new piercing is a next step in our lives. No matter the kind, or if it’s an actual piercing or just there for a momentary aesthetic, here are some of our absolute fave ones idols have pulled off throughout the years.

March 2020 will be forever remembered as the month we all discovered NCT 127’s Yuta got a belly button piercing, and we all just lost it. It’s an amazing addition to their latest comeback’s aesthetic we will be forever thankful for. Besides that one, he’s always shown a fascination for multiple ear piercings, reason why it would not be weird if he surprised us with a new facial or body piercing in the future.

JB’s cheek piercing was a trending topic all over the world back in the day when he showed up in public revealing to all of us he’d decided to try a new little thing. While the piercing didn’t last long, it was without a doubt an iconic moment for idols’ fashion history.

Leaving all the other reasons why Amber is just one of the coolest people in the world on the side, her piercings are for sure a signature of her style, and we love to see how she tries new styles and shapes with time.

A self-assumed fan of ear piercings. Hongjoong has tried all types, lengths, colors, and shapes of earrings. He’s declared he’d love to get more in the future, and while for now, we’ve only seen them on his ear, we can’t wait to see what the future holds for this piercings lover. Some suggest a tongue piercing could be an option?

An iconic set of piercings without a doubt. Bobby’s brow and ear piercings set is one of his signatures, and to be honest, it’s hard to picture him without them at this point. From shiny, statement ones to minimal shapes and colors, he’s tried them all and has made his mark in fashion thanks to it.

Ten’s piercings are as elegant and eclectic as he is. While his earring game is on the minimal side, he manages to match them to perfection to each and every one of his outfits, bringing a little extra spark to his looks by choosing the perfect piercing match.

Another iconic belly button piercing that will remain in K-pop’s fashion history. LE’s piercing was the reason many girls — and boys — back then decided it was time for them to try the trend too, and we have LE to thank for that.

Another idol whose set of ear-brow piercings became an icon, I.M himself has declared his love for metallic accents both on his clothes and in the form of piercings, and we’re almost positive we’ll see him experimenting even more in the future with new pierced additions.

While not a real piercing, V’s lip hoop was the talk of the town when these promotional photos saw the light of day. V is always playing with his earring sets, trying new shapes and colors constantly as an addition to his already super stylish looks, and who knows, maybe in the future, the faux-piercing could become a reality. We’re definitely ready for it.

There are tons of idol’s piercings out there we love that sure became an inspiration for many to get some part of their bodies pierced. What’s your favorite one? Which idol would you love to see get a piercing in the future? Let us know in the comments!

Caromalis is a K-pop, K-fashion, and K-beauty obsessed content creator and writer. You can find her interviewing some of your (and her) favorite groups when they visit NYC, trying the latest K-beauty trends or testing idols’ skincare routines. Say hi to Caro on Instagram and Twitter!