Answering to society’s standards can be so exhausting, especially because it takes away from one’s individuality and sorts people into boxes that simply do not fit their personality. It rather pulls them further away from their true selves.

Now, who doesn’t love a hype playlist that gives you a major self-esteem uplift throughout the day? Korean artists surely love to sing about unapologetically being themselves, and we’re lucky to have them share their positive music with us. Here is a mix of old and new hits that will give you all the boost you need to (humbly) boast about yourself.

Every title track PSY brings our way has a piece of him as he often raves about his authenticity as an artist. To this day, he keeps portraying his playful and quirky self throughout his music releases, as is the case with “I Luv It.” If I were to quote a line or a verse that highlights his pride in himself, I’d end up pasting the entire lyrics here. Enjoy reading them by yourself!

Being the strong independent individual she is, Jessi is no stranger to assertive lyrics. With “Ssenunni” being a classic, it was only a matter of time before she blessed us with another bop thanks to “Who Dat B.” As always, Jessi keeps it real, shuns the haters, and speaks her mind freely, showing everyone that she is that badass.

Sunmi is another artist who confidently accepts herself as she is and doesn’t shy away from letting the world know about it. In “LALALAY,” she speaks up about the critics, the gossip, and the rumors, stating that none of it phases her well-being and that no matter what happens, she will always be okay as long as she is being herself.

In this laid-back track, Zico surely stands tall and proud. He puts a cheerful twist on the matter as he encourages people to celebrate themselves in any way they deem fit. Caring too much about your image, when all you need is to chill, can make you miss out on a lot of fun. All you have to do is get comfy, play any song, and let yourself get loose!

The quartet may not have invented the girl crush concept, but they sure knew how to keep it going! These fiery ladies embraced their identity in this track as they represent realness and don’t care about what others may think or say about them. Their main focus is to keep 2NE1’s legacy going and to welcome the love they receive in the process.

Ever since their rookie days, (G)I-DLE made sure to show their claws (musically), and they proved it yet again via “Lion.” In this powerful testimony, the group proudly addresses their worth as musicians. They make their voices heard loud and clear in expressing that they don’t care about people who are condescending towards them since they always break this prejudice by standing their ground and being true to themselves.

BTS has always brought up the concept of “self” in their music, and if anything, their new album “Map Of The Soul: 7” is all about them being unapologetically themselves. In their newest title release “On,” the septet accepts their shadow and becomes one with it, finally liberating themselves. Now, they’re continuously fighting for what they believe in, regardless of what people comment about them, as they always channel their strength from within.

BLACKPINK showed up in our area with the fanciest introduction ever for a debut song. Fierce and fearless, the girls made quite the musical statement as they not only showed self-assurance but also acknowledged how special they are and embraced themselves in an elegant and influential manner.

At one point, being different was always perceived as odd. But times have changed and ITZY took the chance to advocate being different as a unique trait. Through the song, they discuss how judging people based on physical appearance is wrong and that just because there are standards, doesn’t mean everyone has to answer to them. They encourage others to live their lives to the fullest while not caring what others think.

Which K-pop jam gives you a major self-esteem boost? Let us know in the comments below!