Tonight on FUBAR Radio, K-pop super fan and reality star Oli London revealed that just a few days ago, he altered his appearance YET AGAIN in a bid to look like his idol, BTS member Jimin. Speaking to hosts Joanna Chimonides and Stephen Leng on Access All Areas, he explained: “The reason I’m hiding my eyes today is because I’ve just had an eye procedure… My eyes are very sore. I’ve just changed the shape of my eyes to look more like Jimin’s.

 “I just love the look. Jimin’s my favourite K-pop star but I just think the Korean look is very beautiful.”

When Stephen explained that you can love the look but you don’t have to repeat it yourself, Oli responded: “It makes me happy and it gives me confidence. Because I’m doing K-pop music myself, you know I need that kind of look.

 “All K-pop stars do change themselves to look a certain way.”

When asked if the recent eye surgery hurt, Oli explained: “Yeah! I mean it’s cute but I only got it done a few days ago so it’s very, very sore.

 “It was non-surgical but they were putting plasma in my eyes and it was burning! You could smell my skin burning! It smelt like a BBQ!”

This was his most recent amendment among a long list of others: “I’ve done a lot of things in Korea. I’ve had my jawbone shaved, my chinbone shaved and my cheekbones reduced in Korea. But yeah, I recently just did this in London.”

Since announcing today on Twitter that Oli would be appearing on Access All Areas, countless Twitter replies came in which included a lot of trolling such as ‘Don’t enable him, he’s not kpop’, ‘How DARE you even CONSIDER OLI LONDON a KPOP Artist I’m genuinely offended’ and ‘Sir that’s an English man under a mask for his Asian fetish’.

Talking about the trolling Oli regularly receives, he said: “I mean I get death threats every day… I mean people literally threaten if I’m doing a concert or something. They threaten they’ll come there and hit me or something or shoot me. Like I get that all the time and I don’t really take it seriously. I just think ‘oh it’s just a troll’, you know they don’t even have face pictures.

“They’re basically you know very sad people. They’ve got a lot of insecurities they just like to attack people that are different… It’s crazy the amount of messages I get every day. I’ve got so many fan accounts, so many supporters, so much support, so I always try to read through that and that’s such an amazing feeling.

 “I’ve got very thick skin.”

When asked if he’s ever thought about giving up due to the amount of hate he receives, Oli revealed: “Yeah I’ve thought about that sometimes because sometimes I just get so sick of like the hate every day and I just feel like you know I’m not doing a good job with my music. But then when I have people drawing pictures of me – you know they spend hours drawing pictures, they bake cakes and put my face on it.

 “Having those fans and that support just makes my day. I get that every day like just receiving those messages makes it all worth it.”

To help other people that may go through a similar thing to himself, Oli is part of an upcoming documentary called ConTrolled: “It’s basically about anti-bullying. Obviously I get so much bullying, because you know I’m doing the K-pop music, and I’m doing it with Alisha Jade from Love Island. She was on it back in 2017 and we’re basically raising awareness for the effects of online trolling and also how people should be more kind and more thoughtful and compassionate.

“Especially with young people because you know, I’ve received so much trolling now, I’ve made it my mission to help young people.

“A lot of young people, they can’t deal with an online troll. If someone says you know ‘you’re ugly, you’re disgusting’, something like that, it can be very hurtful for you know an 11-year-old girl. So my mission now through that documentary is to kind of raise awareness with that and encourage people to be more compassionate.”