‘Fourteen of us were in the elevator and we realised there are seven different countries in one elevator’

K-pop mania took over Pune last month when Z-Stars performed at this year’s Vh1 Supersonic 2020. The 14-member band, comprising seven Z-Boys and seven Z-Girls, is a product of the first season of ‘Z-POP Dream’, an international project to identify Asia’s next generation of music stars, both singers and dancers, from seven countries, including India.

They released their debut single Z-Pop Dream and made their worldwide debut at ‘Z-POP Dream Live in Seoul’ concert in 2019. The Telegraph caught up with four members of the band for a quick chat after their performance in Pune — Priyanka Mazumdar from India, Carlyn Cabel Ocampo from the Philippines, Malvin Saputra from Indonesia and Siddhant Arora from India. Priyanka and Siddhant are also the world’s first Indian K-pop-inspired artistes to ever perform in Korea as well as other K-festivals. Excerpts.

Most K-pop bands have names for their fandoms. What’s your fandom called?

Priyanka: It’s called GalaxZ because we are Generation-Z.

Siddhant: That’s why we made a song called Our Galaxy which you can listen to on YouTube.

This is your first performance in India. What was the response from the crowd like?

Malvin: It was unbelievable because this was our first stage in India and it was a big stage. We felt nervous.

Sid: But the people are so passionate, they’re so full of energy… we could feel the great aura and vibe of the audience. An artiste can feel it and perform accordingly. So for us, it was like a dream come true.

Carlyn: It was really awesome. I’m really thankful that we had this opportunity of performing live here. It’s going to be really memorable for us, Z-Stars. It was really awesome meeting the Indian GalaxZ.

We saw you performing a cover of Mic Drop by BTS and the crowd went crazy. Are you fans of BTS too?

Priyanka: Yes, we are also K-pop fans, especially me. I’m also an Army (BTS fandom) member. We all love K-pop… the senior artistes… and wanted to do something for our K-pop fans in India. That’s why we did the cover.

Given a choice, which artiste performing at Vh1 Supersonic 2020 would you want to collaborate with in the future?

Sid: Everyone is so talented but being an Indian, I listen to a lot of Indian hip-hop and rapping. Divine performed here and it would be a dream come true if we could collaborate with him. Also, Diplo and Machine Gun Kelly are amazing.

Priyanka: It’d be great if we can collaborate with some Bollywood artiste because that’s what we do, we connect with other cultures through music.

Sid: (Laughs) Oh my God, that’s a big name!