This week's issue of PEOPLE takes an in-depth look at the rise of suicides among K-pop idols and speaks to former f(x) group member Amber Liu

Amber Liu knows firsthand that the fun and excitement of K-pop — a genre which has exploded in the U.S. in recent years thanks to groups like the electrifying boy band BTS — can belie a darkness that has driven some performers to despair.

“It was fun at first,” the former member of the South Korean girl group f(x) tells PEOPLE in this week’s issue, on newsstands Friday. “But later the loneliness and all that stuff settles in.” Last year a number of K-pop idols took their own lives, including Liu’s former bandmate Sulli, who was 25 at the time of her death. The types of struggles they once experienced in the glare of the global spotlight, are ones to which Liu herself can attest.

Born and raised in Los Angeles, Liu, now 27, got her start in the K-pop industry after being scouted by one of South Korea’s largest entertainment companies, SM Entertainment, at a festival in Koreatown at the age of 15. Several successful auditions later, she packed her bags and moved to South Korea on March 1, 2008.

The next year and a half Liu would spend balancing a grueling training schedule and the pressure to please at SM Entertainment’s trainee school before debuting with bandmates Sulli, Krystal, Victoria and Luna as the multinational girl group f(x) in 2009. (SM Entertainment has not responded to PEOPLE’s requests for comment on this story.)

“It was just so hard,” Liu says. “I felt really angry. I was angry at myself, too, because Sulli and I talked a few weeks before. It’s like, ‘Man, if I just sent another text, what could have happened?'”

“She was so brave and so bold and really fought for women’s rights in a way that no other celebrities in Korea had yet,” says American filmmaker Kelley Katzenmeyer, who has lived in Korea for 10 years and is working to erase the stigma surrounding mental health in the country through her documentary, Permission to Exist. “It was really hard when she passed.”

Throughout the six years they spent together in f(x) between 2009 and 2015, Liu says Sulli “wasn’t that type of person to actually let things get to her.” But one of the last Instagram Live videos she’d share before her death, in which she told her followers, “I’m not a bad person,” showed the toll the online hate was taking on her.

Just a month after Sulli’s death, her friend and fellow K-pop idol Goo Hara — who was a member of the band Kara and was outspoken when it came to defending herself against online harassment — was found dead by suicide in her home at the age of 28.

Less than two weeks later, actor and singer Cha In-ha of the group Surprise U was found dead in his home at the age of 27. (His death has not yet been ruled a suicide.) And two years prior, Jonghyun — the longtime lead vocalist of the group SHINee — died by suicide at the age of 27 and left a note that read: “I am broken from inside. The depression that gnawed on me slowly has finally engulfed me entirely.”

At the time, Liu says, she had “the worst relationship with food,” sometimes drinking only a can of Coca-Cola a day. The group’s “tomboy,” she didn’t fit the mold of the typical doe-eyed, feminine K-pop idol and would get nasty comments online from people about everything from her sun-kissed California skin to her pixie cut, like, “How is she going to get married with short hair?”

“I thought I really did need it,” she says. “Luckily Krystal talked me out of it. She was like, ‘Amber, you don’t need it. You don’t need it.’ We’re told that we need these things when we actually don’t. Our bodies are still developing.”

“It took years for my body to rehabilitate,” she says, adding that she has experienced anxiety on a “different level” the past couple of years and is now in therapy. “It’s to a point that I know that I need to start taking care of my mental health. I’m working hard every day to try to figure it out,” she says.