TWICE, Chungha, Monsta X and more artists recently acquired contracts with United States music label companies

This kind of partnership aims to promote the artist globally and expose them to greater endeavors in the future.

In February, JYP Entertainment announced TWICE’s partnership with Republic Records. The music label is a unit under Universal Music Group which is the home of widely-known artists such as Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande and Post Malone.

The partnership is aimed at revamping the group’s United States prestige as well as broader global pop market.

Chungha recently signed an agreement with ICM Partners. It is recognized as one of the top three global agencies in the US. According to MNH Entertainment, the partnership goals to make an advancement in the North American market.

ICM Partners manages artists with big names such as Nicki Minaj, Beyonce, Khalid, Orlando Bloom and Megan Fox.

According to Jon Pleeter, vice president of ICM Partners, Chungha displays excellent musical talent and English communication skills. With that, it strengthens her array of potentials as a pop singer and Hollywood actress in the US.

Aside from Chungha, American-born K-Pop singer AleXa, as well as Ha Sung Woon also signed up agreements with ICM Partners. The two artists prep to launch their careers in the North American music market as well.

Additionally, SuperM also accomplished publicized collaboration with Capitol Music Group. It is a major American music label under Universal Music Group. That further adds the increasing number of similar collaborations between K-pop artists and American music labels and talent agencies.

Those deals came as K-pop has developed as a promising niche in the worldwide music scene. It is particularly after BTS made mainstream success in the international scene. They demonstrated the feasibility of music impact, albeit language border, in the United States with its most recent album achieving it fourth No. 1 on the Billboard 200.

Furthermore, Starship Entertainment publicized Monsta X’s partnership in May last year with Epic Records. It is a unit under Sony Music Entertainment.

Meanwhile, their first English-language album “All About Luv” ranked No. 5 on the Billboard 200 albums chart last month in a collaboration with American music label Epic Records.

The same album is the first English album by a South Korean act to hit the top five on the Billboard 200 chart aside from BTS and SuperM.

ATEEZ is likewise on a strong course to build up itself in the American music scene. KQ Entertainment, through a coordinated effort with RCA Records, a unit of Sony Music signed a contract in July a year ago.