Disgraced K-pop star Choi Jong Hoon has been jailed for a year for filming his rape victims and sending the footage to his friends.

The 31-year-old was previously given five years in prison for sexually assaulting women who were ‘drunk and unable to resist’ with singer Jung Joon Young at two parties in 2016.

The former FT Island star filmed and photographed their victims and shared the footage and photos with his friends on mobile chatrooms.

Hoon received his sentence at Seoul Central District Court on Friday for spreading illegally-taken footage.

The court said: ‘On his charge of filming a woman’s nude body, offering it to other people, and distributing pornographic material, he quickly and easily spread a video that could distort a sound sexual awareness, so the societal damage is great.’

He was handed a year in prison suspended for two years of probation along with 80 hours in a sexual violence rehabilitation program.

He has also been banned from employment at children and youth facilities for five years.

The sentence also included Hoon’s charge for attempted bribery, after he tried to give a police officer 2million won (£1, 344) to cover up his drink-driving arrest in 2016.

The court said of the charge: ‘Choi expressed his intent to offer a bribe to a public official for his personal gain, trying to damage the fairness regarding drunk driving control and trust in society.’

2 Days & 1 Night star Jung Joon Young previously admitted to the charges of secretly filming and sharing sex videos, but denied the charge of rape, while Choi had denied all criminal charges against him.

However, Judge Kang Seong-soo said the pair had raped women ‘who were drunk and unable to resist, filmed them nude and having sex, then spread it on a group chat’.

‘We can’t imagine the pain the victims might have felt who found out later.’

He continued: ‘Jung argued that his sexual act was done with mutual agreement, while Choi flatly denied having sex with the victims.

‘But Jung confessed he had sex [with the women] together with Choi, and his confession was also proved by their KakaoTalk chats. In this sense, it can be recognised that they jointly raped drunk women.’

The court said Choi ‘did not feel remorse after mass-raping drunken victims’, while in Jung said in his final testimony: ‘I deeply regret my foolishness and I feel great remorse. From now on, I shall only… live in remorse.’

Both men burst into tears after being given their sentences for rape back in November.

Three other men were convicted for their part in the sexual assault – the older brother of singer Yuri and another defendant received sentences of four and five years in prison respectively.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Gordon Ramsay unfazed by backlash as he dances on TikTok with daughter amid lay-offs

MORE : Inside Joe Wicks’ stunning Richmond home where he’s self-isolating and keeping the nation fit