If anyone could be K-pop’s stateside ambassador, it’s Eric Nam. Already a megastar in his adopted home of Seoul, the Korean American from Atlanta is a gifted singer-songwriter with a magnetic personality.

His weekly podcasts, “K-Pop Daebak” and “I Think You’re Dope,” spotlight his quick wit and natural curiosity. He hosts a just-launched Facebook Watch online show “Hwaiting!” featuring K-pop colleagues like Amber Liu and Kard’s BM participating in goofy games. He’s a hybrid entertainer, approachable and humble, well-spoken and self-aware.

“My career’s always been weird,” he says, calling from a Calgary, Alberta, tour stop. “I don’t personally think of myself as an idol. I barely think of myself as a celebrity. I am, but I had seen people around me who had newfound celebrity and it went all the wrong ways. I’ve always been cognizant and intentional about staying as grounded as I can.”

With many K-pop artists postponing or canceling shows due to coronavirus, Nam has been honoring his tour commitments and plans to make his Tuesday, March 10, concert at the Warfield (which is being deep-cleaned daily and will have hand sanitizer readily available, according to Nam’s Instagram story posted just days before the show). But he’s been keeping up with the news from friends and colleagues back in Seoul as the outbreak spreads.

“Music releases, festivals and shows, everything has been put on hold or canceled,” he says. “I believe in our health care professionals and the ability for us as a global community to overcome it. I think people need to be more transparent and open and take every precaution possible.”

This isn’t Nam’s first go-around with the city. In 2009, he was a Boston College student temporarily living in the Mission and interning at Sparkseed, a startup dedicated to social justice. It was a brief stint during a time when he admits he was “too young and so alone to have a major formative experience there.”

How things have changed. He now splits his time between Seoul (his current home base), New York and Los Angeles. His headlining tour packs venues with dedicated fans, known as Nam Nation, who eat up the confessional pop ballads and flossy R&B from his first English-language album, “Before We Begin.” And his between-song banter gets just as much love as his hit tracks.

Nam isn’t a K-pop icon as much as he is a K-pop unicorn. Instead of sacrificing teenage years under a management company’s tutelage, his unusual path began in the early 2000s in Atlanta, a place where K-pop — let alone Korean awareness — was nonexistent.

“I had to explain to my peers what Korea was,” recalls Nam, the son of immigrant parents. “Growing up, there was a lack of awareness of Asians, where we’re from and how diverse we are.”

In search of creative and cultural community, he put up music videos on YouTube in high school and turned to online forums and blogs. Fascinated by entertainment and entrepreneurship, Nam established the local branch of Kollaboration, an L.A.-based Asian American artist collective with chapters all over the nation, while at Boston College.

After graduating, he had a job offer at Deloitte Consulting in New York, but opted for a social enterprise fellowship in India, where he helped set up low-income schools. It was during this time a talent scout saw Nam’s YouTube clips and invited the then-23-year-old to participate on “Star Audition: Birth of a Great Singer 2,” Korea’s version of “American Idol.” He was a runner-up, got signed to a label, and his burgeoning K-pop career was born. He also boosted his stock by appearing on and hosting TV variety shows.

“I knew from the moment I got on TV that my life would be altered and changed forever,” he says. “People look at you in different ways. It was a stressful and exhausting process to jump into.”

Being a solo artist allowed him more control over his professional choices, and you can sense the entrepreneur at work. After proving himself with Korean-language hits, why not go after the worldwide market? Even the album title hints at the start of a new direction.

“It goes back to staying true to promises,” he says. “Once we started, my career goal was always to do stuff and then reverse-engineer it back to the States.”

Nam frames his observations about K-pop frankly but firmly. When asked what changes he’d like to see in K-pop, he wishes fans would explore different sounds and styles, something he did on “Before We Begin.”

“I’ve come to accept that idols will always be idols,” he says. “It’s a sector of music that’s highly productive and successful — and that’s K-pop for many people. I would like to see the understanding of K-pop to become wider and broader and for people to be more aware and accepting of that.”

Nam’s life experiences have forced him to embrace personal and cultural duality — the “otherness” between idol and civilian, citizen and immigrant, entertainer and entrepreneur — every step of the way, from Atlanta to the worldwide stage.

But there’s no identity crisis. To him, he’s just Eric.

“It’s not so much how I define myself, it’s more how people define me,” he says. “Am I an idol? It doesn’t really matter. I hope you enjoy the music and come away with good vibes.”

Stray Kids grow up to dazzle the K-pop world

Mask on: An ounce of prevention against coronavirus goes a long way for K-pop fans

Review: K-pop supergroup SuperM keeps spirits high in San Jose during Super Bowl