K-pop rookies are often asked about their role models when they embark on a musical adventure. Girl group ITZY was no exception, but contrary to many other new faces that name specific artists ― usually superstars or the "superiors" in their music labels ― the five-piece act gave an unconventional answer. 

 "When 'GALACTIKA *,' the team that produced our debut track 'Dalla Dalla (2019),' asked us who our role models were, we said we just wanted to be ourselves," leader Yeji said in an email Q&A, Monday. 

 "The lyricist later told us that this remark became his well of inspiration in creating our new album's lead song, 'WANNABE.'"



ITZY is slated to release its second mini-album "IT'z ME" on Monday afternoon. The seven-number album includes the powerful and energetic "WANNABE" ― a combination of EDM and hip-hop among other genres ― and B-side tracks such as "24 HRS," "NOBODY LIKE YOU" and "YOU MAKE ME."

The girl band was to hold a media showcase for promotional purposes, but its agency JYP Entertainment replaced the event with a Q&A amid the coronavirus epidemic. 

 Yeji added that the group had been focusing on "being myself" through its releases from the beginning. "IT'z ME" is also in the same line, according to her. 

 "In particular, 'WANNABE' delivers a message that 'I am precious as I am,'" she said. 

 ITZY, comprising Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong and Yuna, is JYP's first all-girl group after TWICE, which debuted in 2015. Dubbed one of the most anticipated rookies on the K-pop scene, it won a local music show for the first time with "Dalla Dalla" last February, only 10 days after its debut. It also had a "showcase tour" in 11 regions around the globe, including Los Angeles. 

 "It was so meaningful for us to meet up with our international followers," youngest member Yuna said. "I am enthusiastic about studying foreign languages so I can better communicate with them."

 Ryujin said, "I truly enjoyed being up on the stage, but think we have not yet fully showed what we have. We will polish ourselves further." 

 The quintet also disclosed its goal. "This time, the goal of the release is to exhibit how much ITZY has grown up," Yeji said. "Since we devoted a lot of affection to the album, we want to display well what we have prepared."