K-pop’s reach has spread beyond geographic boundaries and become beloved by many across the globe, but coronavirus may be putting a halt on its continued expansion, at least for the immediate future.

As the virus, formally known as COVID-19, spreads and continues to affect South Korea, and multiple other countries, on a wide scale, that country’s music industry is increasingly suffering as artists cancel events and international performances. Tours have been cancelled throughout Asia, Europe, and North America by multiple popular K-pop acts, and televised broadcasts of weekly South Korean music shows are being held without their typical studio audience.

Travel bans throughout Asia are also impacting things, with Japan’s recent imposition of a quarantine period for two weeks for people coming from South Korea resulting in the cancellation and postponements of prominent events such as KCON Japan, a CJ ENM festival event, and upcoming concerts from Super Junior; prior to that, acts such as BTS, TWICE, GOT7, and many others had already cancelled or postponed concert events throughout the world.

BIGBANG’s return at Coachella was also recently postponed, along with that entire Californian music festival.

As of yet, no K-pop stars have publicly announced they’ve contracted coronavirus, though singer Chung Ha’s staff members reportedly contracted the disease after traveling to Italy, resulting in her being quarantined, and TWICE’s Tzuyu reportedly recently traveled to her native Taiwan, where she has since entered quarantine due to time spent in South Korea.

Though cancellations and postponements are being announced each day, the K-pop industry is still moving forward, though slower than typical. On Tuesday (March 10), boy band NCT 127 performed at the Houston Rodeo, and girl group Everglow is currently amid a North American showcase tour. Tours for later this year from BTS, Monsta X, NCT 127, and others are currently proceeding as planned, though that may change; BTS has already cancelled the Seoul kickoff dates of its Map of the Soul tour in April, but the rest of its international tour dates are still happening as of today (March 11).

Though it’s primarily been events that have been affected, some artists, such as girl group April, have also begun to postpone the release of upcoming music, potentially in the lead-up to a period where the K-pop industry comes to a near complete halt as South Korea, and the world, increasingly adjusts to the fallout of the spread of the coronavirus known as COVID-19.