Jimin of BTS took to V Live, keeping the promise he made few days ago that he would be back soon.After a brief dancing intro, he greeted viewers and confided that he was “completely bare-faced,” taking off his mask to show some breakouts.He went through the live chat feed from viewers making comments and then stood up and turned to show his outfit: A checkered blazer over a black T-shirt and black pants.“This must be the first time you’re seeing this. I’ve bought a jacket to wear to the airport ... when it gets warmer. But there is no chance of me wearing it today,” said Jimin acknowledging that he usually wears sweats.He assured fans that he could stay for about an hour on V Live and while livestreaming, he also had a lunch box meal of pork cutlet and fried kimchi rice. The artist was especially happy to spot a fried egg on top of the rice.“I love eggs, there are so many different dishes you can make. But my favorite is fried egg,” he said.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/182555.“Just so you know, I will be doing this alone,” Bambam of GOT7 began as he started his solo V Live segment lest fans should expect to see the rest of his bandmates as well.He has just posted a photo on his SNS that showed them together but the picture was taken two days ago when they gathered to celebrate Jackson’s birthday, he explained switching among Korean, English and Thai.The livestreaming is to mark that GOT7’s channel on V Live has amassed over 7 million followers, said the idol thanking viewers.“I feel wonderful!” he said adding that this renews his enthusiasm for broadcasting more often.As for the bandage on his thumb, Bambam told fans that he broke a wine glass while washing the dishes and assured that he is okay now and will be able to take it off soon. He was meaning to keep his promise to livestream but did not as he may worry fans with his cut, he went on: The good news, however, made it impossible for him not to come on V Live.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/182576.The bandmates of TXT readied themselves for a feast with the ingredients they earned through a series of games in the 12th episode of their reality show.While Beomgyu and Hueningkai were busy grilling the meat and shrimps, Taehyun, who said he would be making instant noodles, stealthily took a picture and handed his Polaroid camera back to the staff. I’m done with my mission, Taehyun said, making Beomgyu wonder if he should not have volunteered to grill.Meanwhile, Hueningkai kept teasing Yeonjun and Soobin with shrimp, pretending to feed them and then taking the shrimp away. Soobin kindly told the youngest to help himself but after a few attempts, snatched one and started chewing when Hueningkai took a picture of him doing so.“Was that why you have been so obsessed with shrimps? I haven‘t eaten any so you could have more!” said the leader.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/181729.Kang Daniel‘s much-awaited EP “Cyan” not only signals his fresh start but also hopes to offer solace, said Kpop Herald reporters Yim Hyun-su Hong Dam-young.All the five tracks are upbeat and bright, fit for the spring season. The second track “2U,” in particular, is an uplifting mid-tempo retro pop number and the title song from the EP named after the blue tinged with green. The lyrics of the lead track is full of positive message, Hong noted, telling how he is loved for being who he is.“Cyan” begins the musician’s color triology, through which he will show different sides and colors of himself, taking his fans through a journey of finding himself, Yim explained quoting Kang.Despite the fact that many artists are postponing release of new music due to COVID-19 outbreak, Kang said via e-mail he has stuck to the plan and came out with the EP in the hopes that he will be able to help everyone go through the situation together, added Yim.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/182476.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=