Late K-Pop star Goo Hara's family is embroiled in a legal dispute over her properties. Her brother Goo Ho In has filed a legal suit against their biological mother regarding Goo Hara's inheritance. Goo Hara was found dead in her apartment in Seoul in November last year.

According to reports, she has staked claim to 50 per cent of Goo Hara's inheritance. Goo Hara's father also has come out against the mother, stating that her request cannot be accepted because she left the children when they were young. Korean portal koreaboo reported her father as saying that he had struggled to cover the expenses needed to raise the children. He added that Goo Hara and her brother spent their childhood without their mother and that Goo Hara was taken care of by her brother and grandmother.

Goo Ho In was quoted as saying: “Hara was only 9 years old when our mother ran away from home. She spent her life fighting the trauma of being abandoned. Our father paid for Hara [and my] living expenses, After she debuted, our father acted as her guardian.”

Goo Hara's death had come as a shocker just over a month after the death of another K-Pop star Sulli, who was suspected to have committed suicide. In an alleged suicide attempt earlier, Goo Hara was found unconscious in her apartment. Speaking to media after her hospitalisation then, she had said that she had been in 'agony over overlapping issues'.

ALSO READ: Rapes, spy cam porn, suicides: The murky world of K-Pop

She made her K-Pop debut in 2008 as a member of the girl band Kara. She later went on to be a popular solo artist in South Korea and Japan. In 2018, Goo Hara took her former boyfriend to court, accusing him of filming her without her consent and threatening to circulate a video of the pair having sex.

Recently, Goo Ho In took to Instagram to share a heartfelt post for his sister. In the bittersweet post, he wrote how he wished his sister would be 'reborn' as his daughter. He celebrated his second wedding anniversary and also shared a ultrasound scan image of their unborn child. “My sister used to go around singing, vowing she would do anything for her first nephew or niece, even sending them to college.’ He added: ‘I hoped you’d be reborn as my daughter. I prayed that I would raise you with all the love that we didn’t get from our own parents, and just a week later, it came true. It’s a daughter,” he wrote.