For those who don’t know, due to a new change introduced by Korean enlistment law back in 2018; all Korean male citizens have to enlist by the age of 28. This means that a number K-pop idols who are born in 1991 and 1992 have to conscript by the end of 2020.

Ready to say goodbye to these boys? Here’s a list of idols who will be enlisting for mandatory military service, as arranged by their groups:

Kicking off the list is none other than the visual king himself – Jin (real name Kim Seokjin)! It was previously debated whether will all the members of this sensational K-pop group will be getting military exemption due to the big contribution they’ve done to their country.

However, the proposal didn’t pass the government and as a result, all 7 members are required to enlist. In this case, Jin is likely to become the first member to go since he is the eldest.

In regards to that, the Gyeonggi-born star commented, “I think many people are curious about my enlistment. Nothing has been confirmed for now. However, I’m always ready to go whenever I received the notification of my mandatory service.”

EXO-Ls! Be prepared with a box of tissues as 4 boys of the K-pop mega group are set leave to fulfil their military enlistment. Fellow members Xiumin and D.O have already enlisted back in 2019.

This will leave the mega group with only 2 active Korean members – Sehun and Kai. Interestingly, both of them were born in the year of the dog (1994). On the other hand, Chinese member Lay Zhang has been on a roll with his solo activities in his homeland.

As the eldest of WINNER, Jinu will need to enlist by this year. In addition, fellow member Hoony who was born in 1992 is also expected to enlist sometime this year.

For the uninitiated, all 4 boys – including Mino and Yoon – appeared in YG Entertainment’s survival programme “WIN (Who Is Next)” where they emerged as the winning group. Originally debuted as a quintet, former member Nam Taehyun made his exit back in 2016.

The group made their appearance in the Mnet reality show “No Mercy”. The 7-member then made their official debut with the song “Trespass” under Starship Entertainment.

As the eldest member of MONSTA X, Shownu will be the first to undergo mandatory military enlisment. The other members were born between 1993 and 1996, so it will be a few years before they are required to enlist.

As most BBCs (Block B fans) have known, most of the boys of the 7-member group were born in the year 1992; Leader Zico, U-kwon and also Park Kyung. This will leave the maknae P.O as the only member who is yet to undergo mandatory military service. While Taeil and B-Bomb are currently in base camp, Jaehyo had to discharge early due to his knee injury.

Who would have ever thought that behind his cute face and petite physique, Jinho is actually the eldest member of the 9-piece ensemble. For those who don’t know, the 28-year-old was a former member of SM The Ballad under the stage name Jino.

The K-pop idol-turn-actor is the only member of the award-winning group to who is yet to serve in the military. Word has it that L (real name Kim Myungsoo) is currently working on a TV series that will likely be his final project before his temporary hiatus.

However, Inspirits (as Infinite’s fans are lovingly called) can breathe a sigh of relief as leader Sunggyu was discharged recently on 8th January (Wednesday). It seems like fans will have to wait a little longer for a full OT6 comeback.

The band’s bassist Lee Jaejin had already enlisted on 21st January. He will serve as an active-duty soldier after going through basic training. Meanwhile, drummer Choi Minhwan also enlisted the next month, which was on 24th February. The latter is expected to be discharged on September 2021.

Just like Infinite’s L, the maknae (youngest member) of the 9-member boy group will be the last to fulfil the mandatory military enlistment. For those who don’t know, he had successfully wrapped his drama “Chief Of Staff” back in December.

N.Flying leader Seunghyub will be the 2nd member of the rock band to enlist in the military. Fellow member Hweseung had already completed his military service way before his official debut with the group.

Fun fact: J.seph (real name Kim Taehyung) will be the 1st and only member of the co-ed K-pop group to enlist in the military. This is because he is the only Korean-born male among the 4 members of the “Bomb Bomb” hit makers. Fellow guy teammate B.M was born in Los Angeles, California.

For the former BIGBANG member, it’s a special case. As reported in our previous story, word has it that Seungri is set to enlist as an active duty soldier on 9th March this year. Though, the news has yet to be confirmed since Seungri is still undergoing investigations regarding his past scandals.

VIXX’s home label, Jellyfish Entertainment has announced that Ken (real name Lee Jae Hwan) will be enlisting this summer. “VIXX’s Ken will enlist sometime in July. The exact date of his enlistment has not been set for now,” wrote the entertainment agency.

Ken’s enlistment will mark him as the third member of the “Chained Up” hit-makers to enlist. Group leader N’s enlisted back in March 2019 while fellow teammate Leo followed suit in December 2019.

Out of all the names listed, which idol will you miss the most? Share with us in the comments section below.