We all know how competitive and hard the K-pop industry is—it entails years of training and a hell lof of blood, sweat, and tears—and having good chingus with you makes everything else easier to overcome. Most of these friendships are not just formed within a specific group: some are founded in the same company, have the same birth year, and are from fellow K-pop groups.

No matter the distance or busy schedule, these K-pop idols are always there to support their friends throughout all seasons. They attend concerts and shows, find time to hang out, and show to the world how much they value each other. Here, we list down 10 of our favorite K-pop friendships that prove ~forever~ exists:

SM Entertainment's premier dance prodigies have gone a long way back. When they were still trainees who were hopeful of gracing the stage one day, Kai and Taemin were already the best of friends. And now, they're sharing the same stage as SuperM, much like how they share the same passion in dancing.

Having a BFF to share your best moments with is the best. Aside from sharing her dinner date with her bestie on her YouTube vlog, Hyeri celebrated Rose's birthday in February, complete with balloons that spell out their initials—CY for Chae Young (Rose's real name) and HY for Hyeri. So sweet!

Jackson and RM's friendship is an example that opposites do attract. Between the two, Jackson is the jokester while RM (whom Jackson calls by his real name Namjoon) is more calm and collected, and yet they were able to vibe. During an interview, the former mentioned how the latter would give him sound advice despite his hectic schedule, and just seems to ~make things feel right~.

Queens supporting queens! The two visuals of two leading K-pop girl groups swapped their "Solo" and "RBB" dance steps during their Music Core performance back in 2018. The year after, they were spotted dining out in LA (with Irene taking a photo of Jennie) and what seems to be having a "fight" over the bill. Can we say, goals?

No, your eyes are not failing you. These two K-idols really look alike! Sungwoon and Jimin's friendship goes beyond being a replica of each other—they travel the world together and support each other both on and off stage. Remember when Sungwoon was part of Produce 101? Jimin asked everyone to vote for him via BTS' Twitter account. BRB, crying.

Here's a childhood friendship story that will touch you: Bambam and Lisa belonged to a dance group in Thailand back in the day, and now they are performing not just in Asia but also around the world! They reunited last year and went back to their roots when they attended the 30th-anniversary event of a Thai mobile company they're both endorsing.

Visuals, visuals, visuals! A friendship built on being born in the year 1997, SEVENTEEN's Minghao, Mingyu, and DK, GOT7's Yugyeom and Bambam, BTS' Jungkook, NCT's Jaehyun, and Astro's Cha Eun Woo are the kind of squad that will melt your heart. They go out of their schedule to catch up over meals, encourage group comebacks and have a ~famous~ group chat where they send updates to each other.

Our English-speaking K-idols sure love to have fun and make fun of each other at that! In November 2019, Amber uploaded a video on her YouTube channel where her friends, including Ailee and Eric Nam, playfully reacted on her "Other People" MV, where she had a ~steamy~ kissing scene with her co-star, Michael Bow. We can't help but laugh with their reactions because, TBH, same!

With his wit, charm, and loyalty, it's no wonder Heechul is friends with almost everyone in the industry, but his endearing connection with Hani—that's filled with goofing around and being there for each other during the toughest times—is certainly one-of-a-kind. Just look at this hilarious video:

Somi and Daehwi seem to do things together all the time. They were close friends since middle school, trained together in JYP Entertainment (but have eventually parted ways), and also debuted in project groups for Produce 101. Last year, they even both modeled for Fanta. Total #FriendshipGoals!