K-pop sensations like BTS, Blackpink and Red Velvet have taken over the global music scene. BTS’ new album Map of the Soul:7 has now produced more Hot 100-charting hits than any Korean-language release which is a really impressive achievement. Red Velvet’s latest release ‘Psycho’ was sure a bop that ruled Korean music charts and received a lot of international support.

Blackpink’s performance at Coachella was well loved by the American audience. As K-pop is taking over the world, I am enlisting certain K-pop idol groups that can become the next big hit.

ITZY was formed by JYP Entertainment and consists of members Yeji, Lia, Ryujin, Chaeryeong and Yuna. The group debuted with their single “Dalla Dalla” which was a commercial hit. They are the fastest group to get music show wins. In just nine days, they were able to win the M! Countdown trophy. They are also the girl group with the most music show wins for their debut song.

ITZY released their new song “Wannabe” and their album titled “IT’Z ME” on March 9th. Their album has become part of Ktown 4U’s 100th best -selling album as of March 8th. “Wannabe” was really loved by Midzys (official fandom name for ITZY) and is doing great on streaming platforms like Spotify. Their songs empower youth to love themselves and realise that they are different and unique in their own way.

Tomorrow X Together, also called as txt, is a five-member group created by Big Hit entertainment, the label behind the creation of global sensation BTS as well. They debuted on March 4, 2019 with the EP ‘Dream Chapter: Star’. Their debut album peaked at Number 1 on the Goan Album Chart and Billboard World Albums Chart.

They won a lot of New Artists Awards due to their initial commercial success. Huge album sales are a testimony to their growing domestic and international fandom. Their positive and refreshing style definitely attracts a lot of people and might help them to become global superstars in future.

Read More: BTS’ Music Again Ensures ARMYs To Appreciate The Dynamics Of Human Life: #InnerChildChallenge

Everglow is under Yuehua Entertainment and consists of six members: E:U, Sihyeon, Mia, Onda , Aisha and Yiren. They debuted on March 18, 2019 with single album Arrival of Everglow. Their song “Adidos” debuted at No. 2 on World Digital Songs Chart.

It sold 1000 copies in the week ending Aug. 22, according to Nielson Music. They returned to music game with the equally powerful “Dun Dun” with a girl crush vibe. People love their unique fashion sense and their music videos are top-tier as well.

It is a five-member group formed by Brand New Music in 2019, consisting of Lim Young-min, Jeon Woong, Kim Dong-hyun, Park Woo-jin, and Lee Dae-hwi . They won the Rookie of the Year award by Asia Artists Award and also the Hot Trend award by Melon Music Awards. They won the Next Generation Star Award at Genie Music awards. Their dynamic songs and difficult to learn choreography imparts them popularity.

This South Korean-Japanese girl group was formed through the Mnet reality show Produce 48. They debuted on October 29, 2018 with their EP “Color*Iz”. The girl group received immediate commercial success and won numerous New Artist Awards at several award shows like Goan Music Charts Awards and Golden Disc Awards.

IZ*ONE made a vibrant comeback with their song “Fiesta” which charted very well. Within 10 hours of release, the music video for IZ*ONE’S Fiesta racked up over 4 million views on YouTube which is quite an impressive performance by a rookie idol group. Young ladies of IZ*ONE are not only insanely gorgeous but are immensely talented as well. They radiate beauty and elegance through their music videos.

These groups can be labelled as “monster rookies” due to their early success in streaming charts and physical album sales. Their huge overseas popularity is just a cherry on the top. Various endorsement deals they have is hammering their popularity among the Korean general public. They have the potential to be the next big thing in the music industry due to their fine singing and dancing skills and amazing stage presence and visuals.