BTS super fan Oli London has found a very on-brand way of fighting boredom as the coronavirus pandemic continues around the world.

Rather than panic-buying toilet roll or pasta, Oli – who is from the UK – has spent his money buying 5000 copies of K-pop magazine KJou.

The issue has BTS on the front cover as well as an interview with the world famous group and some pictures.

Of course it’s all to support his fave, singer and dancer Jimin from the group.

In a clip shared to his Instagram page he showed his followers over 50 boxes filled with the mag that were delivered to his door as he self-quarantines during the Covid-19 outbreak.

Explaining his decision, Oli said: ‘While people have been rushing to buy essential products like toilet roll and hand sanitiser, for me all I need to feel safe and happy is magazines filled with pictures of BTS, Jimin and myself.

‘I love the photos of Jimin so much so I decided to order 5000 copies. Why not? They are really great photos of me and BTS. I cannot stop looking at them.’

He is best known for making headlines when he spent £75,000 on cosmetic procedures trying to transform himself into Jimin.

The blogger has had four rhinoplasties, a blepharoplasty – which was work on his eyelids, a mandibular angle reduction – jawline surgery, an incision inside his mouth, and he also shaved the bones in his face down ‘to give it more structure.’

Back in January he shared he has had injections in his face in order to look ‘more white’ as his skin tone ‘is not as pale as Jimin’s’.

The K-pop group, made up of Jimin, Jin, V, RM, J-Hope, Suga and Jungkook, released their new album Map Of The Soul: 7 earlier this year.

They were recently forced to postpone ticket sales for the Europe leg of their 2020 tour due to the Covid-19 outbreak.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Avengers’ Evangeline Lilly refuses to self-isolate as she ‘values freedom over her life’