Four years ago, Jenna Wang didn't know much about K-pop, yet over the past year, her K-pop prowess in the genre has led her to earning a $2,000 scholarship.

“It started in ninth-grade when a friend showed me a video," recalled Wang, a senior at Iowa City West High School.

K-pop — an abbreviation of Korean popular music — is a musical genre typically accompanied by dance which often puts heavy emphasis on the personality of its performers. The genre has seen increased popularity in the U.S. over the past two decades.

After being exposed to the video, Wang was inspired to step into the format herself. She didn't seek out professional lessons, opting instead to be self-taught, learning through a series of online tutorials and practice at home in front of her computer replicating the movements of other performers.

“I didn’t want my parents to spend any money that they didn’t have so I spent hours and hours trying to find resources online," Wang said. "It was really rewarding in the end."

She created her first video somewhat spur of the moment. During a 2018 trip to downtown Chicago with her sister, Wang remembered seeing videos of people performing to K-pop songs in public and she'd recently learned a new dance.

"So I did a dance right there in Chicago right by The Bean and my sister filmed it," Wang said.

When the video went up, it got enough of a positive response that Wang — who described herself as "super shy" growing-up — decided to upload more videos of herself performing. Her Youtube channel includes instances of her dancing in the Coral Ridge Mall, in China and at her high school.

“It’s helped me to become a more confident person every single time," said Wang, "(and) I've talked to a lot of people around the world who comment.”

As the start of the 2019-2020 school year approached and Wang began preparing for college — with a desire to go into journalism/communications — she started searching for potential scholarships which is how she found the Canvas from Instructure student scholarship.

"(It's) an award that will allow her to achieve her goals at a college where she can pursue her two greatest passions: journalism and performing arts," according to a release from Instructure, Inc., the organization behind the scholarship.

In May of 2019, Instructure put out a call for prospective college students to send in a 30-second video explaining how a college degree could help them achieve their ambitions.

“I was with my dad on a trip in Arkansas," said Wang, recalling how she heard she'd received the scholarship. "I saw that I had a Twitter direct message... (and) I jumped up and started screaming my head off.”

Wang, who was flown out to Long Beach, Calf. with her dad to accept the award received the third-place prize of $2,000, and the other winners were selected by a group of Instructure employees who judged the entrants by their "creativity and vision."

Right now, Wang is eagerly waiting to hear back from colleges she's applied to and isn't sure where she'll be in another year. Whatever she goes through, she believes in the power of storytelling — be it through written words or dance — and wants that to be a part of whatever the future holds for her.

“I enjoy it because — I don’t want to be cheesy — but there this sort of magic," Wang said. "You can bring (even polarized) people together."

Isaac Hamlet covers arts, entertainment and culture at the Press-Citizen. Reach him at ihamlet@press-citizen.com or (319)-688-4247, follow him on Twitter @IsaacHamlet