K-pop group LOONA have bagged their first win on a music show two years after they debuted.

The girl group won first place on M Countdown on Thursday with their comeback So What.

They saw off competition from boy group MCND and their single Ice Age.

It was tears all around when they got the news, as fans will know how hard the group – who are under Blockberry Creative – have worked to get to this point.

Member Yves thanked Orbits (their fans) and paid tribute to band mate Haseul, who is taking a break from the group for personal reasons.

She confessed that LOONA had ‘fears’ while creating their latest album #.

She said: ‘We’re shaking so much because it’s our first win. Thank you for giving us a chance to give a speech like this. First thanks to our company representatives, and thanks so much to our Blockberry family and staff.

‘And thanks so much to LOONA’s parents and families. And more than anything else, our Orbits. I think we were able to get this award because of Orbits so thank you so much.’

She went on: ‘Unfortunately Haseul couldn’t participate in this album. Haseulie who’s watching from home we got this award because of you so I want to say thanks so much.

‘While preparing our album for the past year we had a lot of fears. But with winning this award, just like our song’s message, I think we can move forward, without fearing changes.’

They added in a further message on Instagram written in Korean and English: ‘Orbit! #LOONA has nominated with #SoWhat as 1st place since we have debuted, and thank you so much we couldn’t have made this without you guys orbit, and even though we haven’t really seen you guys during So What era, thank you guys so much for supporting us and made us realize that you guys are there for us.

‘We will be better as days passes by and please be with us until we become better LOONA oursevles! I love you guys orbit.’

The 12-member group also performed on the episode wearing matching red and black outfits.

LOONA is made up of Yves, Vivi, Haseul, JinSoul, Kim Lip, Chuu, Heejin, Hyunjin, Go Won, Choerry, Olivia Hye and Yeojin.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : YouTuber Shane Dawson ‘spiraling’ over coronavirus as he reassures anxious fans

MORE : Tim Allen jokes about offering Tom Hanks Buzz Lightyear’s spacesuit as he reaches out to Toy Story co-star after coronavirus diagnosis