Universal Pictures and DreamWorks Animation have released a brand new Trolls World Tour clip from the upcoming second installment to 2016’s blockbuster hit Trolls. The video features Justin Timberlake’s Branch as he meets the K-Pop trolls and the Reggaeton trolls. Also featuring the voices of South Korean girl group Red Velvet consists of Irene, Seulgi, Wendy, Joy and Yeri, you can check out the video in the player below!

In addition, Fandango has also announced that they’re launching their first-ever pre-order event for the animated sequel’s April 10 digital release. It will also come with an additional incentive with fans, who are pre-ordering Trolls World Tour on FandangoNow, can get a 50% off on the first Trolls film and other DreamWork Animation Titles. You can now pre-order the film starting today by clicking here!

As theaters around the world continue to close down due to the ongoing global pandemic, major studios have ultimately decided to give early VOD releases to their new films including: Blumhouse’s The Hunt and Invisible Man; Warner Bros.’ Birds of Prey; Sony’s Bloodshot: Lionsgate’s I Still Believe; and 20th Century Studios’ Call of the Wild.

In will continue to follow Anna Kendrick and Justin Timberlake’s characters Queen Poppy and Branch as they go on an adventure that will take them well beyond what they’ve known before, Poppy (Kendrick) and Branch (Timberlake) discover that they are but one of six different Troll tribes scattered over six different lands and devoted to six different kinds of music: Funk, Country, Techno, Classical, Pop and Rock. Their world is about to get a lot bigger and a whole lot louder.

A member of hard-rock royalty, Queen Barb (Rachel Bloom), aided by her father King Thrash (Ozzy Osbourne), wants to destroy all other kinds of music to let rock reign supreme. With the fate of the world at stake, Poppy and Branch, along with their friends — Biggie (James Corden), Chenille (Caroline Hjelt), Satin (Aino Jawo), Cooper (Ron Funches) and Guy Diamond (Kunal Nayyar) — set out to visit all the other lands to unify the Trolls in harmony against Barb, who’s looking to upstage them all.

The musical comedy-adventure film will be featuring an all-star cast as members of different musical tribes including: Mary J. Blige, George Clinton and Anderson Paak as trolls from the land of Funk music; Kelly Clarkson as Delta Dawn, Sam Rockwell as Hickory and Flula Borg as Dickory from the land of Country music; J Balvin as a troll that represents Reggaeton; Ester Dean as a troll from the Pop tribe; Anthony Ramos as a troll that brings the beat in Techno; Jamie Dornan as the smooth-playing Jazz troll; World-renowned conductor and violinist Gustavo Dudamel appears as Trollzart; Charlyne Yi as Pennywhistle from the land of Classical; Kenan Thompson raps as a hip-hop newborn Troll named Tiny Diamond; and South Korean superstars Red Velvet consists of Irene, Seulgi, Wendy, Joy and Yeri as representatives of K-Pop trolls.

Trolls World Tour is directed by Walt Dohrn, who co-directed the first film with Mike Mitchell that earned $340 million worldwide. You can purchase it on Blu-Ray here.