Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, producers of KPOP: The Broadway Musical (which is hoping to stage its Broadway premiere during the 2020-21 season) have now launched an extensive virtual open casting call.

Director Teddy Bergman commented: “As anyone who knows the world of K-pop understands, this show requires the very highest level of triple-threat talent, and we won’t let the limitations of social distancing get in the way of assembling the cast of our dreams. This is not only the only feasible way for us to hold auditions, it’s also the most democratic and geographically expansive way. I can’t wait to discover our stars!”

The creative team are searching for talented triple-threat performers in their 20s, who are of Asian descent. If you wish to submit your audition materials, visit kpopbroadway.com/casting with a copy of your résumé or a brief description of your past performance experience, alongside a video of yourself singing a contemporary K-pop (or pop) song and a dance reel or short video showcasing your dance abilities.

Conceived by Woodshed Collective and Jason Kim, KPOP: The Broadway Musical features a book by Mr. Kim, music and lyrics by Helen Park and Max Vernon, music production by Ms. Park, and choreography by Jennifer Weber.

Synopsis: "Claim your backstage pass and dive inside the high-stakes world of K-pop with this exhilarating new Broadway-bound musical. As global superstars put everything on the line for a special one-night-only concert, one singer’s inner struggle threatens to dismantle one of the hottest labels in K-pop. Pulsing with infectious beats, electrifying choreography, and breathtaking joy, KPOP: The Broadway Musical is an all-consuming multimedia experience that explores the relentless discipline, raw talent, and commercial ambition behind the heart-thumping international phenomenon."

An earlier version of the show under the name of KPOP was staged Off-Broadway in the fall of 2017, produced by Ars Nova in association with Ma-Yi Theater and Woodshed Collective. The tuner became an instant hit and went on to pick up three Lucille Lortel Awards in 2018 (including 'Best Musical'), alongside a host of other accolades.