A new series of K-pop concerts is coming to the closest screen near you.

SM Entertainment boy bands SuperM, WayV, NCT Dream, and NCT 127 will be featured as the first artists appearing on the Beyond Live streaming concert service created in collaboration between SM and Korean tech giant Naver. Facilitated by Naver’s V Live streaming app, the lineup was announced on Tuesday (April 21) heralding, "A new era of live concert begins."

The Beyond Live concert streaming service will kick off on Sunday (April 26) with SuperM's show and then feature following events on each consecutive Sundays throughout May 17; each show will begin at 3pm in South Korea, which is at 2AM in the U.S.'s east coast and 11pm in the U.S.'s west coast the day prior.

The concert series comes amid the global COVID-19 coronavirus-caused pandemic, which has led to a near-complete halt to live music events. Live streaming events have become popular as an alternative, but the Beyond Series is also a way to bring K-pop live concerts to fans across the globe even beyond these extenuating circumstances, and will apparently tie into upcoming already-announced releases from both NCT Dream and NCT 127.

Though K-pop concerts have been streamed live in the past before, including other SM Entertainment events, the Beyond Live series systematically offers up a monetized alternative to live concert experiences, including the ticketing: the first Beyond Live concert featuring SuperM is currently priced at around $30 to access on two devices via Naver’s V App, making the K-pop concert quartet cost a total of $120 for anyone who wants to tune in to the whole bunch. Fans who opt to spend more are able to also purchase merchandise.

The Beyond Live series is the first wide-scale K-pop concert series to go wholly online during the coronavirus pandemic, and follows last week’s BTS Bang Bang Con event, which raked in over 50.5 million views as that band’s fandom, ARMY, tuned in to walk down memory lane and watch nearly 24-hours-worth of past concert content.

The global shift to social distancing in the face of the spread of COVID-19 has provided an opportunity for many K-pop acts to innovate ways in order to engage with their digital-savvy audience, and introduce new products that will likely become a mainstay of their business structure following the period.

The Beyond Live concert streaming service is able to solve a major concern for many K-pop fans around the globe who, coronavirus isolation aside, are unable to see concerts in-person when few K-pop acts travel beyond Asia for concert tours. Recent years have seen many broaden their reach, hitting up cities throughout North and South Americas, Europe, and Australia, but with a far-reaching audience that spans the expanse of the Earth, live-streaming concerts is an obvious answer to bringing live events to fans in different locales. Though some fans are able to travel for concerts beyond the confines of their hometown, K-pop’s a digitally-grown medium and trying to institute a long term alternative to in-person events is likely to be lucrative.

Only time, and metrics, will tell how well the Beyond Live concert series pays off regarding both profit and fan engagement, but as the foreseeable future sees a halt to the global concert industry, it’s as good as time as ever to try something new.