Get Ready To Groove With These Amazing Artists Who Are All Set To Rock That Stage With Their Exciting Performances.

Mnet’s new show Road To Kingdom is all set to premiere on April 30, 2020. It will witness seven talented K-pop acts vying to best each other.
• Broadcast Date Of Mnet’s “Road To Kingdom” Confirmed + Sneak Peek Of The Performances

Road to Kingdom is a spinoff of Queendom, an entertainment show that aired last year. Six popular girl groups performed their songs and covered others to determine “the real number one”, with MAMAMOO going on to win the competition.

Through Road to Kingdom, the boy groups will showcase their musical prowess through various performances post which the viewers will decide and take vote on their favorite team and stages. The winner will then go on to join the subsequent show Kingdom.

Teaser clips of the competitors’ first performances were released online along with a preshow preference poll that will be open until April 5 for fans to show support. The results will be aired during the show. However, it won’t be reflected as extra points in the actual competition.

Get to know the 7 boy bands who are gearing to charm you all as they put on a spectacular show on “Road To Kingdom.” They are:

Pentagon is the oldest band on the show with respect to their debut date as compared to the other groups. The group debuted under CUBE Entertainment on October 10, 2016. Initially starting out with 10 members, it was praised for its diversity within the group with Hui (leader), Jinho, Hongseok, Shinwon, Yeo One, Kino, Wooseo being Korean. Meanwhile, Yan An is Chinese and Yuto is Japanese.

Pentagon has been deemed as somewhat of a total package with the members’ impressive vocals and dances while being also adept at acting and foreign languages. The group also recently made a superb comeback with their first full-length album titled, Universe: The Black Hall, featuring 11 tracks of which the members wrote the lyrics.

It is most likely that the group will participate as an 8-piece group on the show since Yan An who has been on a hiatus since his injury in 2017 did not appear on the teaser of the show. Former member E’Dawn left the group in 2018 after his relationship with HyunA went public.

Originally debuted on August 2, 2017 under WM Entertainment with their first mini album On/Off, ONF is now a 6-member group after member Laun left the group and terminated his contract with WM due to personal reasons.

The group boasts of a unique setup with two subunits each having its own leader: “ON” team with Hyojin (leader), E-Tion and MK and “OFF” team with J-US (leader), Wyatt and U.

“ON” consists of the team’s vocalists and delves into a more sentimental approach with upbeat tracks, while “OFF” features the rap line with powerful, dance-oriented performances.

Since the release of their debut album, the members had also participated in a survival audition program, Mix Nine, where member Hyojin ultimately ranked second.

ONF will probably stay true to their dual concepts for Road To Kingdom as they appear to give two contrasting performances in the released teaser.

Golden Child is a 10-member group under Woollim Entertainment consisting of members Daeyeol (leader), Y, Jangjun, TAG, Seungmin, Jaehyun, Jibeom, Donghyun, Joochan and Bomin. They debuted around the same time as ONF on August 28, 2017 with their first mini album Gol-Cha!.

The group is the label’s first boy group in seven years after Infinite; and coincidentally, Daeyeol is Infinite member Sungyeol’s brother.

Golden Child made their way into Billboard’s “10 Best New K-Pop Acts in 2017” after they made an impressive debut with the title track “DamDaDi”.

However, they went on a year-long hiatus during which it was announced that Jaeseok would be leaving the group due to health reasons. Golden Child made a very strong comeback in November 2019, with their first full-length album Re:BOOT. They dazzled with their more edgy and mature concept post which they also held their first solo concert as well.

Housed by Cre.Ker Entertainment, The Boyz is an 11-member group that debuted on December 6, 2017. The group consists of Sangyeon, Jacob, Younghoon, Hyunjae, Juyeon, Kevin, New, Q, Juhaknyeon, Sunwoo, and Eric. Former member Hwall left the group on October 22, 2019 due to health concerns.

The Boyz have gone on to accomplish a lot since their debut in 2017. The group recently released their first full-length album Reveal that according to leader Sangyeon was an insight on the biggest transformation that the group underwent since debut, and that they hope to show their growth continuously onstage. They even went onto hold concerts in 12 cities across Asia and Europe.

While The Boyz were all set to have their first solo concert in Korea in March, it was later was canceled due to COVID-19.

The teaser released for the band promises very intriguing performances by them especially with the snippet of their choreographed sword dance.

Made up of 7 members, namely, Dongheon, Hoyoung, Minchan, Gyehyeon, Yeonho, Yongseung and Kangmin, VERIVERY debuted under Jellyfish Entertainment on January 9, 2019.

VERIVERY earned the nickname “creative-dol,” for their wide array of talents such as shooting their own concept photos as well as designing the cover art for their latest mini-album Face Me. They have also taken part in the creative process of their music videos and have even directed them as “DIY music videos” whilst also writing and composing their songs, choreographing and filming videos for their social media as well.

VERIVERY plans on releasing two other albums after Face Me as a part of the Face It series that will be a portrayal of them of overcome their limits after failures, heartbreaks and downfalls and success.

ONEUS debuted on the same day as VERIVERY under RBW Entertainment. The group consists of 6 members: Ravn, Seoho, Leedo, Keonhee, Hwanwoong, and Xion. Unlike other idol groups, the group does not have a leader because they believe each member is an expert in their field. Hence, they can lead each other.

The act is also known to write and compose their own music. They have strong sense of teamwork as reflected in the band’s name as well as their albums’ titles such as Light Us, Raise Us and Fly With Us.

TOO, also known as Ten Oriented Orchestra, is a boy group under N.CH Entertainment formed through the survival show World Klass. They debuted on April 1, 2020 with the 1st mini album REASON FOR BEING: 仁 (Rememberance)

Each member in the band represents one of the ten fundamental values from ancient Eastern philosophy. While there has been quite a lot of skepticism on whether the group will be able to compete with veteran groups like Pentagon, it will be exciting to see how they stand up against them as a rookie group.