MBTI, short for Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, is a personality test that has rapidly been gaining popularity among both K-pop idols and fans alike. In the test, you are assigned a personality type made up of four different letters that correspond to the following traits: Introverted (I) vs. Extraverted (E), Observant (S) vs. Intuitive (N), Thinking (T) vs. Feeling (F), and Judging (J) vs. Prospecting (P).

Now that many idols have revealed their own MBTI types, fans have taken the trend one step further by creating their own unique MBTI tests for idols such as BTS’s Jin, NU’EST’s Minhyun, Red Velvet’s Wendy, TWICE’s Jihyo, Stray Kids’ Felix, TXT’s Soobin, and many more!

These fan-made tests typically consist of eight or more pictures of the same idol, along with a word to describe the main attribute in each picture. The attributes could be anything from the idol’s outfits and hairstyles to their habits or the animals they resemble. Each of these attributes is assigned a different letter, much like the personality traits in the original MBTI test. However, since these aren’t real MBTI tests, the letters that you are assigned reflect what you like about the idol rather than reflecting aspects of your own personality.

The best part about these clever fan-made tests is that they only take a few seconds to complete! All you have to do is choose the picture or trait you like more from each category. Then put all the letters together, and you have your very own fan MBTI type.

Let’s take a look at an example. The MBTI test for BTS’s Jin below asks you to choose between the following options: Cute (C) vs. Sexy (S), Black hair (B) vs. Bleached hair (D), Awake (A) vs. Epiphany (E), and Wolf (W) vs. Hamster (H).

So, if you like Jin’s cute side, his black hair, his solo track “Epiphany,” and you think he resembles a hamster, your fan MBTI would be CBEH.

Try a few more of the tests below! Make sure to click on each tweet to see the full image. Maybe you’ll even find some inspiration to make an MBTI test for your own favorite idol!

What are your results? Let us know in the comments!