A is for “All In” by Monsta X Though they may have veered into classic boy band popdom on their recent all-English album All About Luv, the must-listen Monsta X "A" is their 2016 single “All In,” which is a prime example of the act’s aggressively addictive style.

B is for “BOOMBAYAH” by BLACKPINK This fierce, debut hit from the female quartet is one of the act’s biggest songs to date and a must on any K-pop playlist, sure to bring any new fan into BLACKPINK’s area.

F is for “Feel Special” by TWICE During hard times, there’s nothing more important than thinking positively about how to “Feel Special” about being who you are, wherever you are, and TWICE’s 2019 hit is the exuberant tune to make you feel just that.

G is for “Gee” by Girls’ Generation When it comes to A-Z, it’s necessary to “gee, gee, gee, gee, baby” along with this K-pop legends, and learn the “g”-shaped choreography.

H is for “HIT” by Seventeen This 13-member team got their start with infectiously upbeat tracks, then veered into some dramatic EDM, before finding a middle ground with this “HIT” that is sure to get everyone motivated to get moving.

I is for “I Feel You” by Wonder Girls

The first-ever K-pop act to land on the Hot 100 back in 2009, Wonder Girls revamped briefly with a retro-vibing band concept a few years back, and “I Feel You” is still making us feel things.

J is for “Just Right” by GOT7 This early GOT7 song is a little cheesy, but its peppy, comforting reassurances are the perfect thing to listen to whenever you need to feel “Just Right.”

K is for “Ko Ko Bop” by EXO Shimmy shimmy “Ko Ko Bop” and get down to this reggae-infused bop from one of South Korea’s most prominent boy bands of this generation.

N is for “Not Today” by BTS Much of BTS’ music is filled with anthemic calls to rise together to create a better world, and “Not Today” is the act at their most passionate as they encourage “all the underdogs of the world” to fight in the face of injustice and oppression.

O is for “Oh My Mistake” by APRIL ‘80s nostalgia is alive and well with APRIL’s “Oh My Mistake,” and the biggest mistake you’ll ever make is not listening to this addictively coy synth-pop song.

P is for “Psycho” by Red Velvet Slinking and creeping, with plucky digital squelches and bombastic brass pushing it forward, Red Velvet’s “Psycho” was released in the last weeks of 2019 and brought the decade out on a high.

X is for “XX” by BOL4

Representing the folkier style popular among many South Korean pop acts is BOL4, with their loving “XX” evoking the spirit of springtime with its sweet melodies.

Though pop groups are the majority of K-pop’s presence in the U.S., soloist IU has been atop the pop game in South Korea for over a decade now, and her iconic “You&I” still stands the test of time with the young diva’s vocals expressively, passionately relaying the song’s romantic message.

Z is for Mamamoo’s “ZzZz”

A true self-distancing anthem, Mamamoo’s “ZzZz” is the perfect track to end this playlist with in the time of the coronavirus: The song is all about being bored at home alone looking for something fun to do.