Male K-pop idols on crop top are one of the hottest things every fan should see.

As the norm suggests, males do not normally wear one, yet when they defy such social standard; some turned out to be jaw-dropping visuals. Given that they usually slay in front of the crowd, there are definite male idols that are exceptionally on fire while fitting such clothes. Here are some of those who are burning with sexiness on a crop top.

Jin once flaunted his sexy waistline and astonished his fans. That grey colored crop top perfectly fitted him on his photoshoots.

Fans can't seem to let go of Wonho when several times, he allowed the mob to witness those abs hidden behind his angelic face. Whether it is black, white or red; he is slaying on a crop top.

Shinee's Taemin rocks with a crop top. His manly body couture adds to his sexiness when he wears one on stage. He never fails to make the mob go wow.

EXO lads are impressive visuals who sometimes perform shirtless. Nevertheless, when Sehun chose to dress on crop top; he nailed it. His masculine aura adds to his hotness.

TWICE Momo must be so lucky to not just having a funny boyfriend but a hot guy as well. Known with his immense sense of humor; he also made fans in awe when he wore a pink crop top to entertain her fans.

He is known for his well-defined abs, and when he wore a sexy black crop top, he definitely made the girls cry. Known for his hot covers on the magazine, Honseok is undeniably slaying among all.

Many times, Byeongkwan displayed his fit and fab body while on a crop top. However, his iconic leopard printed shirt took him to land a spot as one of the hottest Male KPOP idols on a crop top.

Being voted as one of the most loved KPOP idols to date, Kang Daniel is simply irresistible while on a crop top. Behind that cute smile is a man who will always make the stage burning on fire.

He did not just wear a crop top for he managed to give justice while flaunting that see-through, white, lacey, sexy shirt.

How many times did EXO Kai make the mob go "wow?" The group's dance machine not only possesses a fantastic dancing talent but, an oozing sex appeal. His crop top looks are way too hot to disregard.