We know you’ve definitely been spending a lot of time these days mastering the art of ~throwing it back~ or ~hitting the whoa~ for your perfect TikTok dance video. We get it. We hear ya. But if you’re already busting out intricate choreo in your everyday life, one might assume that learning dance routines from le Tok would be…a breeze? The queens of K-pop girl group (G)I-DLE proved to us that getting a TikTok dance down *should* be something I could do with my eyes closed with our TikTok Challenge Challenge game.



Our girl Shuhua kicked it off and really didn’t look fazed at all. She was mirroring the moves James Charles was doing in his video as if she had already practiced it 15 times in the mirror at home. Ugh, a girl after my own heart.

This content is imported from {embed-name}. You may be able to find the same content in another format, or you may be able to find more information, at their web site.

Now, Minnie came in to conquer because WOW. Her practice round was good enough to perform at a stadium concert. By the time the actual challenge round came along, she had already known it so well that she was AHEAD of the music. Star quality right there, y’all. Soyeon came in right after with her game face, too, and was ready to compete. She was also able to effortlessly keep up and pretty much nailed the sequence in seconds.

Miyeon had a good start but ultimately had some trouble remembering some of the moves to her dance. But to be fair, hers was a lil trickier than the rest.

So Soojin and Yuqi were left with the really tough dances and they took them on like troopers!! They both executed them well, like true TikTokers, and Yuqi had one that required two people! As you can already tell, every gal rocked their choreo…but there can only be one winner! DUN. DUN. DUN. Any guesses?

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io