Chung Ha proved the power that she radiates as a performer and musician once again with her recent hit titled “Stay Tonight”.

Chung Ha has smashed the K-Pop scene again with yet another intense track titled “Stay Tonight”, which served as a pre-release track for her thundering full comeback set to storm the industry soon.

The K-Pop songstress rose with a surprise teaser on April 13 where she revealed the forthcoming release of her “pre-release single #1” on April 27 at 6 PM KST. Piquing the interest of fans, the “coming soon” image showed a giant gloved hand which seemed to be reaching out to the moon.

Moreover, she unveiled her teaser timetable to help fans keep track of her exciting countdown prior to her single’s release.

On April 20 and 21, the singer also decorated midnight with her intense gazes under neon lights and a ravishing red glow for her teaser photos. These also came along with mesmerizing concept videos which radiated immense and captivating power.
• Chung Ha Gives An Intense Gaze Under Neon Lights In Teasers For “Stay Tonight” Single

Adding to the excitement, Chung Ha also shared the online cover image for “Stay Tonight” on April 22.

Last before she made her comeback on the 27th, the singer unveiled two music video teasers and a set of still cuts for each from April 23 to 24.

Giving off an electric and mystical vibe, “Stay Tonight” completely captivated with its harp and piano riff elements. It also contained a booming bass sound in the background, serving as a perfect match to the song’s bold and intense choreography and overall aura.

Aside from being chill yet catchy at the same time, its chorus wrapped up with an astonishing high note which showed the vocal prowess of Chung Ha. Moreover, this newest hit from the singer put the spotlight on her attention-grabbing singing voice while sporting her signature sultry sound once more.

There’s one thing we can say for sure about Chung Ha on “Stay Tonight”: she did THAT with a pre-release single. Once again performing a legendary choreography, the singer showed her graceful yet powerful dancing skills with the intricate steps for “Stay Tonight” alongside the splendid harmony she showed with her dancers.

Aside from Chung Ha’s dominating presence as a dancer and performer, the singer also mesmerized viewers with her stunning styling. The music video for “Stay Tonight” did not make “sparkle” an understatement, all thanks to the abundance of lights and glitters throughout the clip.

The singer’s fierce visuals will also awaken your senses, just like the electrifying beats of the song itself. Thanks to the power of “Stay Tonight”, fans are already left wondering how much more intense and powerful Chung Ha’s full comeback will actually be.