When she put together an outfit based on her favorite GOT7 album, 15-year-old Hayeon didn’t mean to start a trend — but she has since inspired K-pop fans around the world to recreate the aesthetics of their favorite albums in outfit form.

The Toronto native was just cleaning her closet and putting some outfits together when she realized that one of them looked eerily similar to the black-and-white cover art of the band’s 2019 Spinning Top EP. “After that, I tweaked the outfit a little bit to match the album more, then took a quick picture and posted it,” she tells Teen Vogue. “I never would have expected it to blow up as it did.”

But, well, it certainly did. Hayeon’s Spinning Top-inspired outfit, which she posted to her Twitter on March 28, rapidly went viral among GOT7’s fans, known collectively as iGot7 or Ahgase. While sharing her ‘fit, Hayeon also challenged fellow fans to “dress like your favorite GOT7 album,” which later spurred the hashtag GOT7AlbumFitChallenge. A few weeks later, her original post has been liked over 5,000 times, retweeted over 1,000 times, and emulated dozens of times as other K-pop fandoms joined the trend.

Originally just a challenge to Ahgases, Hayeon’s singular OOTD post spread across fandoms. “I was genuinely surprised when I saw how big it became in other fandoms, then even on other social media platforms,” Hayeon, who asked for only her given name to be used in this piece, says. For non-K-pop fans, engaging with physical music albums in 2020 may seem a bit odd. With complex and beautiful cover art, these CDs are seen as treasured, collectible items in the world of K-pop.

This isn't the first time fans have looked to album covers (or their favorite K-pop acts in general) for outfit inspiration. But Hayeon posting her album-to-outfit idea just as many countries started to take social distancing and lockdown precautions in light of the coronavirus pandemic, gave fans a chance to do so with a newly found sense of community. And so, stylish stans rapidly latched onto the trend and began bringing the designs of their favorite discs to life.