Not only is BTS the biggest boy band in the world, but they’re also one of the top social artists. It’s through Twitter posts and silly vlogs that fans catch a glimpse into the lives of these K-pop idols, returning the favor with thousands (if not millions) of retweets and likes.

How did they become so popular on social media without individual accounts? Here’s some reasoning behind the success.

BTS has a Twitter, Instagram, and even a TikTok account

This K-pop group has fans all over the world. What better way to connect than with social media? Since their debut, BTS earned over 24 million followers on Instagram and their Twitter account, with hundreds of millions of views on their YouTube videos. They even recently made a TikTok account, where they post silly videos from time to time.

Fans even have the chance to talk to the BTS members on the platform, Weverse, where the K-pop group shares personal posts and even videos for fans to learn Korean. It comes as a surprise to some, however, that BTS shares one Twitter account between the group’s seven members.

Although fans can potentially connect with BTS on Twitter and Weverse, the BTS members don’t have individual public accounts on Twitter or Instagram. This is a stark contrast to Western boy bands, including the Jonas Brothers.

What’s the reasoning behind this shared Twitter account? One website suggests, “BTS contradicts such a norm with their social media, as they have one collective, personal Twitter account for the seven members.

“The members began posting on this account even before their debut, allowing fans to truly become invested in them from the very beginning. Because BTS uses this shared-account format, fans have a single place where they can find entertaining content about their favorite group,” the article continues.

If you want proof of BTS’ social media success, turn to the Billboard Music Awards, where the K-pop group won the award for “Top Social Artist” three years in a row. They won the iHeartRadio Music Award for Best Fan Army two years in a row.

They even became the first K-pop group to present an award at the Grammy’s, performing a song with Lil Nas X live the next year. The CEO of BTS’ management company, Bang Si-Hyuk, commented on BTS’ success during an interview with Billboard. He said it has partially to do with social media and the accessibility of this group by fans across the globe.

“The experience of global citizens watching the same performance at the same time has been transformed now to one where we communicate real-time with anyone around the world, in our palms, through various channels,” Bang said (with English provided in real-time from an on-site translator).

Music by BTS, including their recently released album, Map of the Soul: 7, is available on Spotify, Apple Music, and most major streaming platforms.