When 22-year-old K-pop star Yang Joon-il performs onstage, he slays. Sporting an oversize, printed jacket over a sleeveless black jumpsuit, he jumps in the air, dances on a chair, flips a fedora onto his head with a slight turn of hand, and seamlessly grabs a microphone.

"My love, Rebecca," he croons, sweat dripping from his asymmetrical hair to his chin, making its way to his bony clavicle. With his milky complexion and glowing skin, he looks beautiful – the epitome of a K-pop star.

But this is 1991, and South Korea has yet to evolve. This display of flamboyance, of outward beauty, is so offensive, audiences hiss and boo. Some even throw food at him. "He was hated by many for his unusual looks and songs," says an article by The Korea Times. His aesthetics and feminine mannerisms were so controversial, he claims, the government refused to renew his visa. Eventually, his career faded away.

Fast-forward almost three decades later, and it's almost unthinkable that Korean men like Yang would be treated with such vitriol. South Korea has since become the epicenter of beauty, and K-pop men are now synonymous with cosmetics. According to a 2017 finding, South Korea consumes $13 billion in cosmetics annually, Mintel reports. Under that figure, South Korean men are the number one male consumers of beauty per capita. Additionally, a 2018 Global Data report found that three-quarters of Korean men receive beauty treatments at least once per week.

Today's Korean man looks completely different than he did three decades ago. But how did South Korea progress so quickly? And how did Korean culture at large, once performatively hypermasculine, evolve into an arbiter of cosmetics equality?

It all has to do with South Korea’s obsession with competition. According to Edward Kang, who was a music producer in Korea and is now a Ph.D. student researching the intersection of pop culture and normativity at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California, pressure to succeed also expands to one’s aesthetics. And it starts at a very young age.

"Similar to the way parents invest heavily in their children's educations, common high school or middle school graduation gifts from parents to their children are double eyelid surgeries," Kang says as an example. "Furthermore, as is now common knowledge, job recruitment sites in South Korea frequently require headshots on potential candidates' resumes."