In America, 10-step skin-care routines have become the pinnacle representation of Korean beauty. Many of us assume our favorite glass-skinned K-pop stars go through the lengthy regimen, complete with toner, essence, and sheet-masking, to achieve their radiant, poreless complexions. According to the leader of girl group Twice, you may have the wrong idea about K-beauty. Extensive routines are not the norm. "I only use three steps," Jihyo tells Allure. (She doesn’t count her makeup removal process as part of her skin-care routine.) “There are some people who do the 10 steps, but I feel like too much product is unnecessary." Joy of Red Velvet may be one of those people.

While interviewing K-pop stars over the past three years, I’ve gotten in the habit of asking two specific questions. The first being "which member has the most extensive skin-care routine?" Then, I ask whoever it may be to share every single step of their routine. Now, I get to share all my findings in one place.

Unfortunately, K-pop stars are often forbidden to share their favorite skin-care products due to endorsement deals and contracts beyond my purview. I would love nothing more than to tell you the exact spray-on acidic cream Felix of Stray Kids swears by. (Don’t worry, I can reveal the $125 exfoliant Tiffany Young loves, though.) Luckily, steps are fair game, and I can give your some product recommendations based on what Allure editors in both the U.S. and Korea suggest.

Consider these idol skin-care routines as blueprints to follow for putting your own in order and figuring out what to add to your lineup. Before you even keep scrolling, I can tell you right now that double cleansing, which involves washing with an oil-based cleanser followed by a water-based cleanser to remove every speck of makeup and impurities, is a given among both boy and girl group members. Some K-pop stars don’t even list it as a step because it’s implied that they must do it. Toner is also a major essential helping create a hydrating base for the rest of their products to better absorb into.

All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.