In this op-ed, writer Anjana Pawa explains how her growing love for K-pop has connected her to her childhood love of Bollywood films.

It’s 2004. My sister and I are in our hometown of Bangkok, Thailand. In the drawing room of my uncle’s house, we’re with our cousins learning a Bollywood dance choreography from our new favorite Bollywood film, Main Hoon Na. The film tells the story of two long-lost brothers who are separated during childhood and reunited as adults, and it’s the only thing we’ve watched all summer.

At the end of our three months back home, we’ll put on a variety show to demonstrate our favorite choreographies and perform skits we’ve seen in the movies. Our grandparents, close family friends, and extended family will be invited to enjoy our DIY production and for a moment, I’ll feel like I’ve regained a sense of home, something I thought I had lost upon our move to the United States. Then, my sister and I will return to suburban Ohio, two of the 5 Indian kids starting eighth grade.

Fast forward to 2019. In the middle of a shoebox apartment in New York City, my friends and I are learning the choreography to Korean pop group SEVENTEEN’s “Don’t Wanna Cry.” There’s no final performance where we’ll invite all our friends and family, but we’re still impressed with our ability to grasp the difficult moves, made all the more impressive by the furniture we’ve Tetris’d around to make space to dance. It’s an echo of my childhood, a routine that recalls those comforting summers back home. That celebration of dance and community around pop culture is part of a world I thought I lost as I grew up, but now in my 20s, I’m rediscovering the joy I felt as a kid at home through K-pop and K-dramas.

Beyond my own nostalgia, however, it’s interesting to think about Bollywood and Korean entertainment existing on some kind of shared plane. K-dramas and Indian films seem to follow similar tropes: dialogues that follow poetic cadences which don’t always translate properly into the English language, paired with a love story that seems wildly unrealistic but still hooks the viewer. Watching Netflix’s Crash Landing On You invoked the same feelings for me as when I first watched the Bollywood evergreen love story Veer-Zaara.

Meanwhile, the catchy songs released in both industries have complicated dance choreographies associated with them that become instantly recognizable. “Fancy” and “Sheila Ki Jawani” are both choreographies fans have learned and cemented in their minds. Further, the production of the aforementioned songs blends genre lines, even as it evokes a specific cultural reference point. As Suga from BTS once noted, K-pop is not necessarily a genre itself, but an amalgamation of styles of music, integrated with elements of clothing, choreography, and a grand presentation. Bollywood follows this same path, with songs that blend pop, hip-hop, and classical sounds presented with elaborate clothing and backdrops. The aesthetic is crucial to the sound.

Both the Hallyu wave (a surge of Korean media and pop culture expanding globally) and Bollywood wave have ferociously crashed onto western shores in recent decades. The former began around the ‘90s and early 2000s with K-pop groups like Seo Taiji and Boys and S.E.S. and has expanded through to today’s biggest names like BLACKPINK, BTS, and EXO. With Bollywood, the movement has included the Oscar-nominated film Slumdog Millionaire, and big name Bollywood actors such as Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone making their way to Hollywood.