K-Pop idols are fearless when it comes to experimenting with hair colour. The biggest stars have sampled all the colours of the rainbow, switching up their looks more frequently than most of us post to our Instagram feed.

As renowned hair designer Soonsiki, of Soonsiki Hair in Seoul, told Miss Vogue: “Natural looking hair colours such as brown and light brown were certainly the hair trend in South Korea a few years ago, but now it’s all about bleaching and adding fun colours as a way of expressing yourself. People aren’t afraid of colours anymore.”

Read More: How K-Pop took Over The World In The 2010s

We’re all aware of the love affair between K-Pop and fashion, but an idol’s hair is often an even bigger statement than their clothes. A drastic hair transformation is frequently used as a signal to fans that there is something exciting on the horizon: a tour, a new single, or a music video or album release. At times, a colour represents a group’s aesthetic related to their latest project, or an individual member’s personality. Take Blackpink’s Rosé for example, who mixed strands of pink with her naturally dark hair when she debuted and has since sported countless other shades of pink (as well as other colours), or BTS, who rocked bold, bright ’dos during their “Love Yourself” era, seen most notably in their equally vibrant music videos for the tracks “Idol” and “DNA”.

It’s not always about jumping from one bold colour to another, however. K-Pop idols go back to basics with natural looking shades from time to time, like those BTS have been sporting lately while promoting their latest album and Map Of The Soul tour – the concept for which is a deeply personal reflection on their seven-year journey as a band.

Read More: 8 Ways The New BTS Album ‘Map of The Soul: 7’ Is Deeply Personal

If you’ve been thinking about trying a bold new hair colour, being quarantined at home is the perfect opportunity to do it. For inspiration, we’ve compiled some of Miss Vogue’s favourite looks sported by K-Pop idols in recent years, along with tips from professional hairstylists on how to approach and maintain your new look.

Who can I ask for help?

Bleach London founder Alex Brownsell suggests the digital DIY salon the brand has set up in response to social distancing, which is perfect for home hair dye novices who want their hand held by an expert. “We’ll teach you everything you need to know so you feel confident to colour your hair in the comfort of your own bathroom,” she says. Customers can visit the website for a virtual consultation to chat through their desired look, after which Bleach will deliver the products required along with an access link to the Hair Party digital salon. “At the Hair Party, you’ll be joined by one of our Bleach colour experts on a video call to talk you through each step of dying your hair and the maintenance process,” Brownsell explains.

“Before dyeing your hair, have a think about whether it will suit your face shape, your skin tone and how that will affect your usual look, including your make-up and clothes,” Soonsiki told Miss Vogue. “Perhaps dyeing your hair will encourage you to try an entirely different look – and what better time to try than now?”

Brownsell, who also works as a session stylist on campaigns for the likes of Gucci, says: “Hair dye reacts differently to everyone’s hair, so it may not look like the picture on the box or a reference image you have. For example, vivid, deeper colours like fiery red are easier to achieve with naturally dark hair, as your hair will go a warmer, golden blonde after bleaching, which is the perfect base to make the red look really intense. Your final look will depend on your current colour and condition, hair porosity, length and thickness, as well as any previous colour treatments you’ve had. If you colour your hair often and are worried about over-processing, I’d definitely recommend doing a strand test at home first. If the hair condition is brittle or gummy after, take this time to give your hair a break and focus on treatment.”

Read More: The Hair Colour Of The Season? High-Vis Red, Naturally

“At the salon, first, we would bleach your hair to the lightest possible shade, then use a toner to neutralise any brassy undertones before applying your colour of choice,” says Brownsell. “Hair in good condition before bleaching is preferable, virgin hair [hair that has never been dyed] is ideal. Dyeing your hair at home is a similar process, however, the toning and dyeing happens at the same time. [But] all our instructions are detailed and doing your hair at home is easier than you think.”

Soonsiki says: “First, do a test patch on a strand of hair to make sure you’re not allergic to the products. It’s also best not to wash your hair before dyeing, as the oil on your scalp can be a protection later against the chemicals in the products. Apply Vaseline or lotion on the hairline and also your ears to protect your skin. After reading the instructions in the hair kit carefully, check that the ingredients are well mixed. Dye reacts faster to warmer temperatures, so remember to apply the dye to the tips of your hair first, and the roots [closer to the heat from your scalp] last.”

Hair designer Jongsu, from Seoul salon Jennyhouse, a favourite of K-Pop idols, says: “Check in on the colour of your hair after 15 to 20 minutes, and after leaving the dye in for the recommended time, wash out the dye with shampoo. When washing out the dye, make sure to emulsify evenly, otherwise the hair colour can be mottled.”

Read More: The Best Places To Shop For K-Beauty In The UK

Pastel colours might seem like they only could only work for those with naturally fair hair, but Brownsell insists this isn’t always the case. “If your hair is naturally dark, it will be more difficult to go a very pale blonde, but not impossible! Use our Plex Bleach Kit to lift the hair while maintaining strong, healthy hair. After bleaching, you will need to tone to colour correct any brassy or yellow hues, otherwise the dye won’t show true to colour.”

Read More: The 20 Most Stylish Times The Worlds Of Fashion And K-Pop Collided

How to maintain your new colour

“Try not to wash your hair too often, as it will encourage the colour in your hair to fade,” says Soonsiki. “Since your hair turns more alkaline after dyeing your hair, it’s best if you use shampoos exclusively for coloured and damaged hair. Wash your hair and particularly the scalp with warm or even cool water, as hot water opens hair cuticles that will release the colours. Letting your hair dry naturally is always best.”

Brownsell adds: “Use one of our Toning Kits or Toning Shampoo and Conditioner duos, depending on the colour you’re hoping to achieve. The shampoos can be used with every wash to keep the brightness of the colour. Our White Toning Kit is best for creating a clean, pale blonde. For a faded colour, use every other wash.”

How to keep your hair healthy

“To keep the hair nourished and healthy, using a treatment like the BLEACH London Reincarnation Mask is vital,” Brownsell told us. “Use the mask as a treatment or in place of a conditioner with every wash, and follow with our Hair Elixir on damp or dry hair for seriously soft hair.”

Soonsiki says: “I recommend my clients do a hair mask before washing hair, starting from the dry scalp all the way to the ends. Keep the hair mask on for 20 minutes and do this once or twice a week. Wash off the treatment with warm water, then dry with a towel. Apply the treatment again, wait 10 minutes and rinse with cold water.”

Meanwhile, Jongsu advises: “I like and use hair repairing product Ciment Thermique from Kérastase. It’s a thermo-protecting blow dry and heat-styling cream designed to protect weakened and damaged hair. If you have coloured hair and blow dry often, try this one to restore the strength and solidity of your hair.”

“You’ll need an old T-shirt (so you don’t stain your nice clothes), a shower cap (or cling film) to wear during the dyeing process, and a few mirrors, so you can see the back of your head, or ask someone at home to help you if you can,” says Brownsell. “Every kit comes with gloves, brushes and tubs, but you can also find these online if you are in need of more. Have all the products laid out and ready to go, and use the timer on your phone to keep track of time.”

Read More: K-Pop Calling – All the Korean Artists You Need To Know Now

“Protein is key to keeping your hair healthy, and hair treatments can even be made at home – if you don’t mind the smell,” Soonsiki says. “You’ll need one egg yolk, three tablespoons of mayonnaise, and one tablespoon of honey, plus a hair wrap or cap, gloves, and a brush or a comb. Mix all the ingredients together until the mixture is viscous. Apply water to your hair then add the home-made treatment to the ends of your hair with your brush or comb. Wrap your hair in the hair cap and leave for 20 to 30 minutes, then rinse with cold water.”

Read More: 8 Products To Enhance Grey Hair, Not Disguise It

What about your roots?

“If you want to bleach your roots at home, it’s important to wait until the root regrowth is approximately 2.5cm long (usually about six to eight weeks growth),” says Brownsell. “People think that leaving their hair longer between bleaching will protect it, but it’s actually the opposite. You damage hair less by only ever bleaching the first few centimetres, as the heat from your scalp helps to speed up the lifting process – meaning you can leave the bleach on for less time.”

Read More: 23-Year-Old Holland Is K-Pop's Most Urgent Voice