As quarantine and social-distancing measures continue around the world due to the COVID-19 pandemic, everyone's suddenly on the lookout for a new hobby to distract themselves with. If you're not one of the millions of fans already obsessed, might we suggest getting into the world's most popular music scene: K-pop.

Thanks to acts like BTS and BLACKPINK, Korean artists have made major inroads into international markets of late, and gained notice from the likes of Lady Gaga, Lil Nas X and Nicki Minaj. If you've peeped a K-pop video pop across your YouTube feed and want to know more, we're here to help you catch up. There's a lot to learn about K-pop — it's the perfect quarantine pop culture deep dive.

While South Korea had no doubt been creating "pop" music for years, the genre-bending world of K-pop we know today originated in the early '90s. A trio named Seo Taiji and Boys became sensations in Korea with their never-before-attempted blend of music influenced by American trends that brought the sounds of hip-hop and New Jack Swing into the country with the song "I Know." The group's influence has been recognized by K-pop artists throughout the years, as when BTS paid tribute to Seo Taiji with a cover of the track "Come Back Home."

The trio lead the way for attractive boy bands, girl groups and other idols who could deliver a range of sounds, dance and other skills to become new-age, hybrid pop stars. From the late '90s onwards, record labels in Korea have become entertainment hubs for molding and delivering generations of acts that look to continuously blaze new paths for greater future takeover in the global music scene.

King BTS: At this point, you know BTS. Their dominance in the Korean-music scene is truly unlike anything we've seen before. With the February release of their career-defining Map of the Soul: 7 album, the band not only topped charts across the world (earning the year's biggest sales week for an album in America to date) but broke records in Korea (no Korean album has ever sold as many physical copies as Map of the Soul: 7 has...ever).

A Colorful Soloist: K-pop isn't only just about the groups. Solo superstar Kang Daniel has Korea's fourth-best-selling album to date. The singer-songwriter also gained initial fame through a singing-competition reality show and broke out on his own last year with a massive fanbase supporting him. His Cyan album and its single "2U" delivers the refreshing kind of synth-pop goodness we all need right now.

Of Course, BTS: BTS is leading the YouTube game this year with two music videos to their single "On" boasting huge numbers. First up, the "Kinetic Manifesto Film : Come Prima" version of "On" showcased the song's powerful choreography (with more than 160 million views at press time) and was followed up with one of the year's most cinematic storylines and visuals in its official music video (with more than 120 million views so far).

Don't Sleep on EVERGLOW: After just over a year in the industry, EVERGLOW has become a favorite of international fans, landing their "Dun Dun" music video more than 110 million clicks so far. While EVERGLOW is waiting for a larger breakout moment in Korea, you'd be wise to be up to date on these girls before they blow up bigtime.

Lisa Makes Us Hungry for More BLACKPINK: While we're getting desperate waiting for new music from BLACKPINK ("Kill This Love" was PAPER's No. 1 favorite song last year), the group's standout dancer has been blessing us with content on her YouTube channel. Most recently, the star delivered a stunning dance video that showcases not only her mind-boggling flexibility, but also her ability for incredible improvisation. Get hypnotized to her routine to QUIN and 6LACK's "Mushroom Chocolate":

Thrusting Into ATEEZ: Rising boy band ATEEZ has become one to watch since their debut in late 2018 and their latest single "Answer" continues to make good on their promise for K-pop greatness. While the track showcases some of the group's best harmony and vocal work to date, their choreographed hip thrusts on the chorus are almost as important.

2020's New Acts to Know On average, there was a new K-pop act debuting every two days or so last year. Even in just four months in, 2020 has brought some impressive groups that are snatching supporters quickly. Become fans of them now and you'll be able to brag you were into them before everyone else.

But perhaps the easiest thing you can do is just be a fan. Whether it's buying an album, saying hi to them on Twitter or watching their video on YouTube, supporting your favorite artists is more crucial than ever when it's more difficult for artists to promote in the time of coronavirus. Especially in such a fast-paced industry like K-pop, letting your favorites know you're there for them is so important.