Starship Entertainment have unleashed new boy group Cravity, their first new boy group in five years.

Their debut single Break All The Rules is a retro track that wouldn’t have felt out of place five or so years ago, but its stomping beat is memorable and catchy and a solid first song.

Break The Rules is the title track from their album which has the lengthy title CRAVITY “HIDE OUT : REMEMBER WHO WE ARE”.

Labelmates with MONSTA X and Cosmic Girls, Cravity is in very good company. In fact, rapper Joohoney from MONSTA X produced a song for their album.

With nine members in total, we understand if you need to take your time picking your favourite.

Until then, here’s a helpful guide to the newest boy group on the block.

What on earth does Cravity mean?

The most popular theory is that Cravity is a combination of the words ‘creativity’ and ‘gravity’, and also stands for Centre of Gravity.

As they’re still so new, Cravity’s official fandom name (like ARMY are to BTS and ONCE are to TWICE) is yet to be decided.

How did Cravity come about?

Cravity have been in the making since February this year, after Starship confirmed they were gearing up to launch a brand new nine-member boy group.

The decision was likely triggered by the disbandment of boy group X1 which was formed on the Mnet survival show Produce X 101 in July 2019.

Starship trainees Hyeoungjun and Minhee were members of the group while Wonjin competed in the series.

In the wake of allegations that X1’s line-up was pre-decided before the public votes were even counted, the agencies involved couldn’t reach an agreement and the group split.

Now Starship Entertainment is giving their trainees another shot at stardom.

Who are the members of Cravity?

Cravity’s nine members are: Serim, Allen, Jungmo, Woobin, Wonjin, Minhee, Hyeongjun, Taeyoung and Seongmin.

Here they are.

Yep. Their video for Break All The Rules is right here.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : Top Gear’s Freddie Flintoff secretly welcomes fourth child – and baby’s name pays special homage to his hometown

MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s AJ Pritchard remains coy over I’m A Celebrity 2020 rumours