After fans celebrated the legal victory for Wonho regarding past allegations last month, they can now cheer for the former Monsta X member as he moves forward with his K-pop career.

On Thursday, April 9, Wonho and Korean record label Highline Entertainment announced that they had signed an exclusive contract for the 27-year-old as a solo artist. The singer-songwriter-producer will move forward as his label promises “full support.”

In a statement shared via Highline Entertainment, Wonho said “I deeply regret the foolish and rash behavior of the past...I really appreciate the fans for giving me this opportunity, and I will do my best to repay your support.”

Highline added that they “will give full support to Wonho to be a solo artist in the future.”

Highline Entertainment is a subsidiary label of Starship Entertainment—the home to K-pop groups including Monsta X, WJSN and Cravity—and houses viral EDM star DJ Soda (who boasts nearly four million Instagram follower) and producer/singer-songwriter dress (who has worked with top K-pop acts like Baekhyun and Zico).

While fans have waited for months for news about Wonho, they can now rest easy for the return of a star whose career was sidetracked by unproven rumors. While negative allegations of any sorts tend to spell the demise of any K-pop career in the notoriously harsh industry, Wonho signing with a subsidiary of his label marks a major step towards not discarding artists whose character take a slight turn but instead seeing out the commitment towards one another til the end.

Most recently, fans had shown their support for the artist by sending the 2017 song “From Zero,” a special track co-written and producer by Wonho, to No. 1 on Billboard’s World Digital Song Sales chart to help prove his continuing viability and commercial appeal as an artist, songwriter and producer. No doubt these acts—along with online and street protests, and other projects for Wonho—helped the star get back on track and very possibly change the course of his future. As well, being back in his label home allows Wonho to have similar staff who know his preferences and goals instead of restarting completely anew with a new company.

As noted by Wonho himself, the star knows that his unwavering supporters made this opportunity possible saying, “I really appreciate the fans for giving me this opportunity.”