Woo Jiyoon has quit K-pop group BOL4 due to ‘concerns about her career’.

Jiyoon was part of the duo, also known as Bolbbalgan4, with Ahn Jiyoung.

Their label Shofar Music told fans that Jiyoung will continue as a soloist under BOL4 and release a new album in May this year.

In a handwritten letter, Jiyoon thanked fans for their support but admitted she had been considering leaving for some time.

‘It was a process of contemplating seriously about my future career, and it occurred to me that now is an important time for me to take on a new challenge before it’s too late,’ she said.

Jiyoon explained that Jiyoung and Shofar Music had tried to convince her to stay many times, but they eventually respected her decision.

She went on: ‘What I started in high school for fun has now grown into a team that many people lean their ears in to listen to, and I want to let you know that BOL4 is a precious memory to me.

‘Though I won’t be able to continue on as BOL4 like before, I will be a fan and a friend who watches over BOL4 and cheers it on. Thank you for being with me during my brightest moments. I love you.’

In a statement on their Instagram page, Shofar said: ‘Jiyoon expressed her intention to end her career as a Bolbbalgan4 member as a personal concern about her future career, and we had many times when we thought about it carefully together. The members have been talking for a long time and understood each other’s thoughts, and our Chopar Music Company also respected Jiyoon’s choice and concluded as follows.

‘BOL4 will now be a one-member artist with Ahn Ji Young and no additional members. After contemplation, Woo Ji Yoon has decided to wrap up promoting as BOL4.

‘We, Shofar Music, are also sad that BOL4 will not be able to continue on together, but we have made this decision to respect and support [Woo Ji Yoon’s] thoughts more than anything else. Moreover, although Ahn Ji Young and Woo Ji Yoon will wrap up promoting together as part of a duo, they will continue to be colleagues and friends who support the paths they each take.

‘The one-member BOL4 is currently preparing to release an album some time in May, and we ask you to send Ahn Ji Young, who will continue the music of BOL4, warm support and encouragement.

‘Shofar Music will continue to support the two artists’ shining future.’

BOL4 debuted in 2016 and released songs such as Workaholic, Travel and Stars Over Me.

If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.

MORE : GOT7 comeback ‘rumoured for April or May’ so the drought is nearly over for Ahgase

MORE : Debbie Harry’s heroin addiction was a ‘drag’ due to effort needed to track it down