Everyone's excited about Lady Gaga's at-home event called One World: Together At Home which is held to help support the World Health Organization and the healthcare workers globally. Many artists, actors, musicians, and celebrities from around the world are taking part to thank all of those front-liners who are risking their lives to protect humanity.

In fact, the sensational K-pop boy group, SuperM is part of the line up too and fans are more than excited to see them perform. You might be wondering who SuperM is and why fans are all hyped up about them.

Super M is a South Korean group that was formed in 2019 by the well-known SM Entertainment and Capitol Music Group. The group has seven members; Taemin from Shinee, Baekhyun and Kai from EXO, Taeyong, and Mark from NCT 127 and Ten and Lucas from WayV.

The Korean labels wanted to create a group that would help capture the attention of people around the world towards Korean pop. Chris Lee, A&R execute at SM Entertainment told Billboard that he wanted to create a synergy between their groups, them as solo acts, and the SuperM group to create a big wave in this K-pop industry.

Related: Surprising Realities Of Becoming A KPOP Star In Korea

"There's already an Iron Man, a Thor and so on; and just like how the Avengers can have their own successful movies, there is a different kind of energy when they are together as The Avengers," Lee told.

Noted by Korea Times, the Super in SuperM stands for 'Super' and the M stands for 'Matrix' or 'Master' as the members are already an established star in their respective bands.

SuperM was enlisted by South Korea's biggest airline Korean Air. They will appear in their in-flight safety video featuring their track, Let's Go Everywhere as well as another K-pop artist from the same company, BoA.

SuperM first appeared on American television with Ellen DeGeneres. According to Hybebae, they spoke about their debut, taught Ellen how to dance to their dynamic song Jopping and even portrayed their interest in saving the Earth by donating $50,000 USD to the Ellen Fund for global conservation efforts.

BTS who is also known as the Bangtan Boys was the first K-pop boy group to stay an entire year straight on Billboard 200. However, it was manifest that another K-pop boy band had to follow their footsteps. Eventually, it was SuperM's first debut mini-album that kept its spot on the list for four consecutive weeks after it was ranked number one.

Last But Not The Least

SuperM has been the only South Korean group to perform at Lady Gaga's personally curated virtual concert. With each of their specialties, they form a formidable team that's certainly attracting the Westerners.

"I feel like how we're assembled itself is a very futuristic step that K-pop hasn't ever seen before. Who knows what kind of road this may pave," Mark, the youngest member of SuperM told TIME. "But we just wanted to show how we can bring different elements together in one-- and have that be expressed onstage in a powerful way."

The event will air on April 18th starting at 8 p.m ET on ABC, NBC, CBS, AXS, Univision, National Geographic and Bell Media. It will also stream on Apple, Amazon Prime Video, Facebook, Instagram, Youtube, Twitch, TuneIn, and Twitter so there's no way SuperM stans can miss their favorite band's performance!

So forget about everything, grab your bowl of popcorn and tune in right now to witness the biggest celebrities and in Lady Gaga's words to 'celebrate the frontline communities, health-care workers and their acts of kindness.'

Next: Lady Gaga Engages The Biggest Stars For An Epic Virtual Concert