The allure of K-pop can be difficult to explain to the uninitiated – it’s much better to simply experience it in all of its polished pop glory. That’s easier said than done right now, but had you made it down to The O2 Arena in a pre-lockdown London at the end of February, you’d have had the ultimate introduction to the genre: a night with the aptly named K-pop supergroup, SuperM.

Despite having only debuted late last year with a five-track “mini album” (that also featured two additional instrumentals), SuperM managed to pack the 20,000-person capacity arena with feverish fans, each clutching the hefty light sticks that are considered essential armoury for K-pop concerts, which would later illuminate the venue in a synchronised sea of LED allegiance. How do you land a gig at the UK’s second-largest indoor arena with only five songs to entice potential ticket purchasers with?

Well, its seven members have already been in the limelight for some time now, rising to fame in other boy bands managed their record label, SM Entertainment, who put them together with the aim of them becoming “the Avengers of K-pop”. Now 26, Taemin has been a part of Shinee since the tender age of 14; Baekhyun and Kai have been performing as part of Exo for almost a decade; Taeyong and Mark debuted with NCT in 2016; and Ten and Lucas have been a part of WayV since 2018. You can tell which band member pulled in which fans by analysing their light sticks: slime-green cubes for NCT’s Taeyong and Mark, turquoise crystals for Shinee’s Taemin, white hexagons for Exo’s Baekhyun and Kai and a green V for WayV’s Ten and Lucas, while SuperM’s own light stick is bright pink.

“I definitely never predicted that K-pop would become so loved by so many all over the world,” says 27-year-old Baekhyun backstage before the show. For many of the band’s members, this is their first time performing in London and their excitement is palpable, as they sing and joke around between themselves before sitting down to be interviewed. “I’m really thankful for all the artists and groups that worked hard and eventually paved the way for the genre to be where it is today, especially looking at how many fans there are globally and how open people are to different genres and cultures,” Baekhyun continues. “That in turn pushes us to work even harder.” What does hard work look like to SuperM? “Well, we practice hard… all night long, until we all get the choreography down.”

It may sound gruelling, but their rehearsal schedule sure pays off. On stage, SuperM attack their dance routines with military precision, with footwork so intricate that it’s a miracle they have time to catch their breath, let alone sing. By the end of the show, many of them look as though they’ve just run in from a sudden downpour, dripping in sweat and panting for air in between statements of gratitude towards the crowd. Just as well, then, that they’d saved their most intense song, “Jopping”, for last, a track that swells rock, pop, house and hip-hop influences around the catchy hook of “Cause when we jumping and popping, we jopping.” It’s the kind of song that wouldn’t sound too out of place on a superhero film soundtrack and, to be honest, the band members could probably scrub up to be pretty decent superheroes themselves – no doubt doing their own stunts as well.

It’s clear to see that SuperM are having the time of their lives, as seven guys in their twenties travelling the world, reaping the rewards of years of practice and dedication. The best part is that, despite being put together by their record label, the members genuinely seem to get on with each other. “It’s our first time touring together as SuperM and the bond has gotten a lot stronger between us as we’ve spent time together,” explains Baekhyun, who, as the group’s leader, is the most vocal. “On a regular day, we like to eat together or, if we have time, go out and shop together.” It turns out that the band had even found time to squeeze in a quick shopping trip around London before their show and, as Mark lets the audience know during the show, Taeyong went on a big splurge at Dover Street Market.

If you've already noticed the band's impeccable sense of style (and you should have; at any given time they each look as though they could be walking down the runway at fashion week), you're probably wondering what kinds of clothes SuperM like to fill their shopping bags with. Taeyong likes to keep things classic, anchoring his outfits with a black base. “Then I accessorise more on the jewellery side,” he explains. The bleach-blond-haired Taemin takes a slightly different approach, tailoring his looks to his surroundings. “When I travel, I tend to have a certain concept or image in mind for that particular city or region I’m travelling to,” he describes of his styling technique. “Sometimes I’ll dress up my outfits a bit more if I feel like it matches my perception of that city or the atmosphere, or maybe put on a coat, or maybe go all black.” Baekhyun leans more towards streetwear, favouring brands such as Supreme, but when it comes to selecting pieces he takes a similar approach to Kai, who depends on reliable basics. “I think sticking to nice basics is key, so you don’t look so over-the-top and look comfortable,” he says. As for Mark, Lucas and Ten, they prioritise comfort over anything else. “I usually think of all the clothes that I can dance in,” explains Lucas. “I think the base of whatever I wear comes from dancing.”

On the way home from their blockbuster show at The O2, I feel as though I'm coming down from a state of giddy delirium, riding a residual high from the non-stop energy that consumed the arena for the past two hours. I can only imagine how SuperM must feel, having performed the show in Paris and across the US in the weeks prior. There's been much said about the demanding nature of the K-pop industry and the impact it has on its stars. Although the band are all in high spirits, even from the eye of a spectator it looks exhausting. “We’re just like everyone else, we like to unwind the same way everyone does,” says Baekhyun when I ask how they find time to de-stress within their schedules. “Some of us like playing games, or some of us will go to the spa to relax.” Taemin cheekily chips in that some of the band members have also recently begun hitting the gym to let off some steam. “Yes, we’ve been working out hard,” agrees Baekhyun. This clearly tickles Mark, who lets out a loud laugh, in turn sparking a wave of what I assume is playful banter among the group.

And that's the beauty of K-pop, the fact that, even if there's a language barrier, you can still understand the heart and meaning behind a sentiment. In the past few years, the genre has done a phenomenal job of bridging cultures and uniting fans all over the world.

SuperM are in lockdown right now, but they've been live-streaming gigs online for their fans, complete with revised choreography and AR effects, and took part in Lady Gaga's “One World: Together At Home” concert last week. At times like these, their power to connect audiences globally feels more significant than ever. When all this is over, the Avengers of K-pop will assemble, ready for world domination, but, for now, turn up the music and get jopping in your living room. It's a guaranteed mood booster, promise.

The game-changers from a decade of K-pop

Kai from EXO is the world’s best-dressed K-pop star

Seeing Blackpink live is proof K-pop is the future