BTS may not be promoting their 2019 album Map of the Soul: Persona any longer, but fans of the Korean septet are still buying and listening to the project non-stop, or so it would seem based on the title’s continued performance on Billboard’s World Albums chart. This frame, the set lands at No. 6 in its fifty-second spin on the list, making it the latest K-pop release to spend at least a full year somewhere on the tally.

Map of the Soul: Persona is now just the sixth Korean-language album to occupy space on the World Albums chart for a year, and unsurprisingly (to those who have been paying attention to both the band’s rise and the weekly ranking), all of those successful projects come from the same group.

BTS remains the only Korean act, solo or band, to keep a full-length on the World Albums chart for at least 52 frames, and they have several releases in their back catalog that have spent many more turns on the tally.

The longest-charting Korean-language release in the history of the World Albums chart is BTS’s Love Yourself: Tear, which has now racked up 89 turns on the tally. Just a few frames behind that longstanding win come their other two titles from that three-part series, Love Yourself: Answer and Love Yourself: Her. Those releases have now lived on the tally for 85 and 83 weeks, respectively.

BTS’s 2017 drop You Never Walk Alone has now accrued 63 turns on the World Albums chart, and just a few frames ahead of Map of the Soul: 7 is Face Yourself. That studio effort has now racked up 58 weeks on the ranking.

So far, no other Korean musicians have been able to keep a title on the World Albums ranking for 40 weeks or more, so BTS doesn’t face any real competition at this point in regards to anybody matching their success. A small number of well-known figures, such as NCT 127 and Exo, have been lucky enough to see releases spend half a year on the list, and they may very well improve their performance with future releases, but for the moment, BTS is truly in a league of their own.