Woo Ji-yoon has quit K-pop duo Bolbbalgan 4 (BOL4) after four years, citing concerns about the direction of her career in the future.

 In a handwritten letter, Woo, the guitarist and backup vocalist, thanked her fans for their love and support but admitted she had been thinking about leaving for some time.

 "It was a process of contemplating about my future seriously, and it occurred to me that now is an important time to embark on a new challenge, before it's too late," she said. 

 Woo said co-member Ahn Ji-young and their agency Shofar Music had tried to persuade her to stay, but they respected her decision.

 "What I started in high school for fun has now grown into a group that many people pay attention to and root for, and I want to let you know that BOL4 is a precious memory to me," she said. 

 "Although I won't be able to continue on as a member, I will remain as a fan and a friend who fully supports BOL4. Thank you for being with me during my brightest moments. I love you."

 Shofar Music released a statement on Thursday, saying: "Woo expressed her intention to leave BOL4 due to concerns about her career path, and we have discussed this matter many times for a long time. In the end, we decided to respect her decision.

 "BOL4 will continue under the same name with Ahn as its only member, without recruiting additional members. Ahn and Woo will continue to be colleagues and friends who support the paths they each take."

 The agency also hinted at BOL4's next album, which is expected in May.

 Ahn, the duo's vocalist, said she was taken aback when Woo first told her about the departure, but came to understand her co-member.

 "I was upset at first," Ahn said in a handwritten letter to BOL4 fans. "But I came to understand that it must have been difficult for Woo to decide to take on a new challenge. So I decided to respect her decision. 

 "I've known Woo for almost a decade and she has always done her absolute best for the sake of BOL4. Now it's my turn to support her as a friend. Although you won't be able to see us performing together in the future, we will support each other and share news with our fans from time to time."

 Ahn also shared concerns about having to continue BOL4 on her own. "It's true that I'm anxious and worried about having to perform on my own, but I think it's time to take on more responsibility and just do my part."

 BOL4 debuted in 2016 and released hit songs including "Galaxy," "Travel" and "Workaholic."