K-pop and its never-ending rise is unsurmountable even for non-fans. The entertainment industry has watched the music genre takeover award seasons and break records with quick succession. A huge part of BTS’ influence is fans and even among the fans, there are those who ARMYs, BLINKs, Exo-Ls and other fans look up to amplify their voices. These chosen representatives (upon approval of the very involved fandoms) are K-pop influencers. Desi K-pop influencers are few but they’re hella active and just as involved when it comes to their favourite music. I caught up with a superfan and one particular stand-up comedian, Supriya Joshi aka Supaarwoman to ask all our K-pop-related questions.

Indian ARMYs already know Supriya Joshi and comedy fans already know the Supaarwoman moniker. She makes quite a powerful influencer, well, everyone does want to know what’s on her Spotify playlist! Here are questions you’ve had starting from K-pop terms normies won’t understand to quarantine routines in the face of coronavirus concerns:

Some context: While BTS, the global phenomenon started breaking records years ago, the world is populated by people who just don’t get the idea of getting into Korean music or artists. We got Supaarwoman unpacking some terms for new or non-fans, stuff fans are bored of hearing and some (read: the only!) helpful clap-backs. She is one of the best comedians in the country after all, you're learning from the expert here.

What are the things Indian K-pop fans are fed-up of hearing?
• You understand Korean?/How can you understand what they are saying? (I mean, subtitles exist for a reason!)
• They all look the same! (No, you're just racist)
• Lol you listen to these Chinese boys (Once again, you're racist)
• XYZ group is gay!!!! (They could be, how does it matter? If you're using someone’s sexuality as a slur, then you're a homophobe who needs help)

Can you breakdown down K-pop terms that non-K-pop fans don't understand?
• Bias: Your favourite member of a group. Someone you're biased towards
• Bias wrecker: A member who you start liking, the member wrecks your bias
• Anti: A person who is an "anti-fan" of the group
• Comeback/Cb: When a group releases new music, it's called a comeback
• Fan chant: These are specific words/chants that fans scream out at specific intervals during a group's song
• Borahae: This is specific only for BTS and their fans (called ARMYs). BTS member Kim Taehyung/V coined the phrase ‘Borahae’ to mean a feeling that goes beyond love. In English, it translates to ‘I Purple You’

If you think these terms read cute, you should hear K-pop idols say them. It’s absolutely adorable you’ll almost want to learn the language. BTW you can do it now that BTS is out there giving out Korean language lessons. Remember when Parasite director Bong Joon-ho said that we just need to get over the one-inch subtitle gap and it opens up a world of quality art? Fans can do that and then some. Here’s how you can Learn Korean With BTS In New Video Series. You could come out of quarantine with language proficiency and no use for looking up lyrics every now and then.

Speaking of, what's the quintessential K-pop fan's lockdown routine, (since idols are always serving material on social media)?

We’re always streaming our favourites and discovering more K-pop music, be it through our Daily Mixes on Spotify or K-pop playlists like K-pop wave, K-pop Daebak, Korean OSTs on the platform. Apart from streaming music, we watch their music videos, tweet to them that we miss them and hope they are doing well, we wait for them to hopefully do a live stream so we can watch them, and we also connect with fellow fans on twitter and share memes.

Best part about this? Fans worldwide get equal love from their favourite idols, they don't need to be in crowded stadiums especially now that BTS' tour has been postponed indefinitely. The hype is real with desimys as it just takes some new music to make their day 10x better-

Have you tried any K-pop dance routines during the COVID-19 quarantine? Do you have any tips?

I have tried learning the dances of Super Junior's Sorry and BTS' Fake Love and I think I look like a flailing salmon when I do. I think it's best to let the experts do the dancing, while us mere mortals can just watch and enjoy their performances.

BTS Choreography Videos To Valiantly Learn From (Or More Likely, Watch) While Self-Isolating

Trying to sing and dance along to K-pop isn’t the only thing fans are busing themselves with. K-pop fans are on the receiving end of some generalisations as many callout fandoms for aggressive fangirling. Placing the spotlight on ARMYs, BLINKs, Exo-Ls and every other group out there with countless twitter accounts (with stolen images) dedicated to boosting topics. Let’s talk about the right to stan and its violations that range from deafening squeals to literally sending death threats. It's not all finger-hearts and purple love. I started a dialogue about this here-

Geekly Rant: Fights, Suicides And Squealing. Are K-pop Stans This Scary?

But Supaarwoman has an insider’s perspective on it and it’s both strong and beautiful-

What's it like engaging with ARMYs on the internet as an influencer. Does it ever get overwhelming or tricky, the sheer number of fans, trending hashtags?

What I love about being an ARMY is that in this fandom, I am as much of a fan as anyone else. Within the fandom, I am not an influencer. I am just a person who loves BTS for their music and their message. And while the fandom is huge and can be overwhelming, you also have to see the incredible work that it does. Recently, when BTS' Seoul concerts got cancelled because of the COVID-19 outbreak, the ARMYs who received a refund for their tickets donated their money to COVID-19 vaccine research. They regularly do fundraisers around members' birthdays, and even, in general, have a spirit of philanthropy, because that is also a message BTS propagates. It's really wholesome to see.

What do you think of BTS' central messaging "Love yourself", coming from such pretty boys? How are fans learning to love themselves?

BTS' message about loving yourself has never been about beauty - it's about loving yourself, speaking your truth, taking a stand and accepting who you are, no matter what. It's never been about superficial things. Their message of self-love is to look inwards - to love yourself and to be yourself. During their debut, BTS went through a lot of hardships - they are literally a rags to riches story. They worked hard, they believed in themselves and they made it because their fans, the ARMYs saw themselves in their struggle. A great example of this is BTS' leader Kim Namjoon's UNICEF speech in 2018, where he urged everyone to "Speak Yourself" - speak your truth. BTS' music provides a lot of healing to the ARMYs. It helps soothes our fears and anxieties because it feels like the person we are listening to are going through the same hardships as us, and we seem to be emerging out of them together.

K-pop and Korean movies are currently a hot topic especially since 2019’s award season. After Bong Joon-Ho accepted his Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture, Foreign Language and dropped a bomb speech, he did a red carpet interview. In the interview, he spoke about Korean artist and went on to talk about the influence of BTS as they are the biggest thing in global pop at the moment after 'Boy with Luv's success. He gushed over the band and BTS Had the Cutest Response To It. However, representation is an important aspect the fandom often talks about.

Why BTS’ Historic MTV VMAs Win In New K-pop Category Is Controversial AF!

What are your thoughts on Kpop getting separate award categories in spite of forming a large chunk of mainstream music globally?

The numbers really speak for themselves. More and more people are listening to K-Pop every day, so why does it deserve a separate category? Just because it is spoken in a different language? English isn't the only language in the world, and with the Hallyu wave taking over the world, it just feels wrong to not have K-Pop groups nominated in regular categories.

BTS’ GRAMMY Snub Might Be Racist And ARMYs Are Right To Revolt

Supaarwoman has created quite the K-pop fan starter pack with all the genre's lingo you'll need, some dank responses to annoying questions and fresh reason to believe in BTS' central messaging -"Love Yourself". Now, there's something you absolutely should be doing between Spotify's K-pop playlists!