This month, Allure is exploring all the ways South Korean music — and the idols essential to the genre — has become a source of beauty innovation and creativity around the world. When we began brainstorming this "Beauty of K-Pop" project earlier this year, we knew a trip to Seoul would be required. We made plans to send three Allure team members abroad to collaborate with Korean creatives (like photographer Jooyoung Ahn) for our covers with Jihyo of TWICE and JB of GOT7. Beauty editor Devon Abelman, visuals director Kathryne Hall, and entertainment editor Eugene Shevertalov traveled to Seoul in February before COVID-19 became an international pandemic. Then, in the week that the team spent in the city, they were able to see a shift in the mood there as cases of the virus began to rise in South Korea. And upon their return, they had a front-row seat (from their quarantine couches) to how the U.S. responded as COVID-19 cases multiplied here. The three staffers spoke with features director Jessica Cruel about their experience creating two gorgeous covers in the time of coronavirus.

When we first started planning these double K-pop covers, what were you most excited about?

Eugene Shevertalov: I was excited about working with PR reps in Korea and seeing how the process was different from that in the U.S., which it was. It was challenging but exciting to find the middle ground. Being able to be there to see it come together and meet everyone involved was probably the best part.

Kathryne Hall: I was excited to work with a great photographer in South Korea that I would not normally get to commission for a shoot and the opportunity to travel to Seoul. Also, we thought K-pop stars would be fun to work with — and we were right about that!

Devon Abelman: In K-pop, beauty is presented in such a mystical way, which has inspired me over the years. I was excited to share that with Allure readers. I also looked forward to understanding JB and Jihyo on different levels. I typically get to do 15-minute interviews with groups backstage while they’re on tour, so the thought of having the time to get to know them and share their stories in a new way thrilled me.

When you arrived in Seoul, did you see the effects of COVID-19?

Devon: I went a week before everyone else, and didn't really feel any difference [from the other times I've travelled to Korea]. Although my friend who lives there would point out the differences. We went to this one neighborhood that's mostly university students, and she said usually there would be people everywhere. But there was hardly anyone around. And I was like, "Oh, it's raining out, maybe that's why." She said, "No, it's because of the virus." But I was still going out with my friends, and my friends still went out to clubs and bars. They would ask me, "Oh, are you nervous?" And I was like, "I don't know, should I be?"