Self-isolating can definitely be a drag at times, but for the sake of public health it’s best to avoid going out whenever possible. The endless days at home can get a bit monotonous, so what better way to switch it up than with a new hairstyle? (C’mon, we know you’ve been tempted to try it.) From those looking for a temporary change to those ready for a more long-term commitment, here are eight styles to give a shot while you’ve got nowhere to go anyways.

If you’re looking for a style that’s a little out-of-the-box without being too much of a commitment, then take a cue from soloist HyunA and accessorize your pigtails with multiple elastics in fun, bright colors. Matching them to your outfit is optional, but is a great way to tie the look together! They’re inexpensive, easy, and best of all – super cute!

2. Bows – the bigger, the better!

If you’ve been wearing a bun day in and day out (no judgement!) then topping off your topknot with a pretty bow is a great way to bring some brightness to the look. Plus, a big ribbon is a great way to distract from the fact that it miiiiight have been a while since your hair has been washed! BLACKPINK’s Jisoo looks stunning here with her saffron-colored bow, but feel free to pick whatever color you like.

This style worn by ITZY’s leader Yeji takes a little more technical skill, but hey – there’s plenty of time to practice! Here, her hair is pulled back into two high-sitting pigtails at the crown of her head. A piece of hair is wrapped around the elastic to conceal it, and three smaller elastics are positioned further down in the hair and then pushed up slightly to form the cute “bubble” style. The ends are left loose to give the style some swing, and some pieces are pulled down to frame her face. The result is a fresh take on a classic look!

Pantone’s Color of the Year for 2020 is Classic Blue, and it’s already become a huge hair trend with our favorite K-pop idols. If you want to take the plunge and try dyeing your hair a fun color at home, a rich blue is a great way to go – especially for those with naturally dark locks, because you don’t have to lift quite as much color out of the hair. BTS’s Jungkook is a great source of inspiration if you’re looking to get some color without committing to a whole head of blue hair.

Red Velvet’s Wendy caused quite a stir with her new look back in summer of 2019, and soon Korean salons were receiving tons of requests to recreate the style on clients. Her asymmetric dye job takes a bit more skill to get right, so it might be best to get a virtual consultation with a stylist if you can. Wendy’s look includes bright platinum ends with tiny streaks interspersed throughout the body of the hair, which peek out to add an unexpected pop. If you’re going to try this at home, be sure to bleach the hair in stages to make sure you’re not over-stripping it, and tone it afterwards for that perfect platinum look.

For (G)I-DLE’s most recent comeback, Minnie sported a set of ultra-blunt bangs that just barely reached the top of her brows. The effect is an ultra-modern, super chic take on bangs that really makes her gorgeous features pop. If you’ve already got some heavy bangs, it’s easy to trim them just that tad bit more to achieve Minnie’s look. Or, if you currently don’t have bangs but are raring to reach for the scissors, comb the front pieces of your hair forwards and snip in segments until you reach the desired length. Remember to start slow – you can always cut more if you need to!

TWICE’s Chaeyoung looks the epitome of cool with this textured bob, and the layers mean that it doesn’t have to be quite as precise as a blunt cut. As with any major chop, it’s always best to check in with a stylist first if you can. If you’re ready to take the plunge at home, cut in small increments and check regularly to ensure that the hair is an even length. (Leave more than you think you need, because you’ll be cutting in layers later.) Then, pin the top layers up and snip the ends, holding the scissors parallel to the hair to soften the style. Move to the next layer, gradually taking off more length as you go to achieve Chaeyoung’s choppy layers. If you’re unsure, be sure to consult a stylist or a video tutorial for more tips!

Okay, so technically this isn’t a hairstyle change – but it’s still a cool way to spice up your look! The eyebrow slit has been super on-trend for a little while now, and it doesn’t seem to be going away any time soon. The look is easy to achieve with an eyebrow razor, and it’s totally customizable because you can choose the placement to suit your face shape. Stray Kids’ leader Bang Chan gives a perfect example here, but there have been tons of other idols who’ve given the look a shot if you want more proof that the eyebrow slit is a total style game-changer.

Are you going to try any of these styles out for yourselves? Let us know in the comments below!