Our routines have definitely changed for the past month. We’re spending more time at home than ever before in order to contribute to our community’s safety. From what we eat, to how we connect with other people, and what we wear on the daily, things are a bit different now for all of us, but that doesn’t mean we can’t keep on experimenting! Staying in calls for comfy, useful, and multifaceted outfits you can wear all day long for all the activities you can get involved in while at home, from a morning video-call to a workout session or a virtual gathering with friends. In search of some inspo to come up with some fun-yet-comfy looks to stay at home in style? Take inspo from these idols and their cozy looks!

No matter if you choose a mix-and-match set or simply tops and bottoms that match colors, going for monochrome looks is always an easy yet stylish way to spark up your style while keeping it comfortable.

No matter if we’re talking about clothes inspired in pajama patterns, or simply pajamas, staying comfortable is goal number one, and there are ways to do it in style!

Moving around the house, we definitely want to be able to move around without feeling too tight. If you wanna add a touch of street to your at-home outfits but still stay comfy, try to wear oversized pieces together! Always stylish and ready to snug.

Simple, comfy, soft. Throwing on a hoodie is always a good idea and the answer to all of our staying-in dreams. From very long ones that resemble a dress, to short or cropped ones, it’s always nice to sink inside a soft piece of fleece.

Where to shop: American Apparel, UNIQLO, The Dallant

Another simple way to keep the outside-vibe while inside. Take your fave jeans and just mix and match with different crops. It’s an easy way to welcome spring and let your skin breathe while being selfie-ready.

Where to Shop: The Dallant, American Apparel, YesStyle

The kings of staying-in, without a doubt. Sweatpants go with everything. No matter if you’re having a morning call with your boss or a virtual birthday celebration, sweats are a must that you can truly combine with whatever top you want.

What’s your style during quarantine? Let us know in the comments, Soompiers!

Caromalis is a K-pop, K-fashion, and K-beauty obsessed content creator and writer. You can find her interviewing some of your (and her) favorite groups when they visit NYC, trying the latest K-beauty trends or testing idols’ skincare routines. Say hi to Caro on Instagram and Twitter!