Various K-Pop stars are gearing up to share the message “We Shall Overcome” to their fans through the upcoming Trip to K-Pop online event.

A huge new K-Pop festival titled Trip to K-Pop is coming online to bring performances from its stellar lineup which includes iKON, OH MY GIRL, KARD, and Kim Jae Hwan!



 Hosted and organized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism headed by Minister Park Yang Woo and the Korea Creative Content Agency headed by Director Kim Young-Joon, the K-Pop festival will be held at the CKL Stage in Seoul. Set to be massive as ever, it will run for a total of three days, starting from May 19 up to May 21.

Trip to K-Pop aims to provide performances by K-pop idols and other Korean musicians as an effort to console and cheer people all around the world in the midst of the COVID-19 outbreak.

For those around the world who are staying at home, the event proposes an “music trip to Korea” along with delivering a message of support to triumph through the difficulties together, in line with its tagline “We Shall Overcome”.

For this, 12 local musicians will be taking part in the event, which will be hosted by B1A4’s Sandeul. On its May 19 lineup are iKON, Soran, BIBI, and Natty.

Meanwhile, Kim Jae Hwan, APRIL, Daybreak, and Isaac Hong will be performing on May 20. Wrapping up the event on May 21 afterward are OH MY GIRL, KARD, Balming Tiger, Seo Samuel, and Martin Smith as well.

Kim Young Joon, president of the Korea Creative Content Agency, said, “Through K-Pop, which the world loves, is our way to deliver a message of hope and support to those who are burdened by COVID-19. As the problem of the recent COVID-19 infection has led to more emphasis on keeping distance from others in their daily lives, I hope this performance will be a good opportunity for the people of the country to enjoy culture while practicing social distancing.”

SBS MediaNet also said, “Trip to K-pop is a performance held to support and cheer people around the world who are suffering because of COVID-19. We hope it will be a time for us to enjoy and cheer for each other in our own homes.”

From May 19 to 21, the concert will be broadcast live on SBS MTV and SBS FiL on SBS MediaNet from 7 PM KST. It will also be aired live online through the Naver V Live and U+ Idol Live apps, as well as the YouTube channels of Korea Creative Content Agency and THE K-Pop.

Opportunities for musicians and fans to communicate through real-time chat will also be provided via the U+ Idol Live app.
• KARD Sets To Go “LIVE In Your Living Room” With Upcoming Online Mini-Concert