While our favorite K-pop idols are lovely, kind-hearted people who in all likelihood would never hurt a fly, some of them definitely have a few tricks up their sleeves. From martial arts prowess to straight-up swole-ness, these 12 idols could most certainly hold their own in a fight. You’d definitely want them on your team when things start to get scary!

Kim Yo Han is way more than just a talented performer – he’s also a taekwondo genius! He made the national reserve team for the sport, and he won two national youth championships. In the end, he left his medals behind to pursue the idol life, but he can definitely still throw down when he needs to.

Eunseo may be WJSN’s lead rapper, but she probably could have had a career as an athlete too! She’s proved her capabilities at more than one “Idol Star Athletics Championships” event, including the 2019 ssireum (traditional Korean wrestling) event during which she defeated fromis_9’s Song Ha Young with this rather impressive takedown. Definitely don’t mess with her!

Keep watching the 2019 Chuseok “Idol Star Athletics Championships” here!

Stray Kids’ Felix is best known for his soothing, deep voice and ethereal visuals – but did you know that he’s also a third-degree black belt in taekwondo? He’s demonstrated his capabilities on a couple of different programs, and his flexibility and strength are no joke. Next time you need some backup, Felix is the one to call!

Another K-pop idol with some crazy martial arts skills, Yoon Bomi is also a third-degree black belt in taekwondo. Her grace and total control when showing off her abilities are intimidating for sure, but she somehow manages to keep an adorable smile on her face the entire time. She says it best herself: when she’s on the mat, she’s not Apink’s Bomi – she’s Taekwondo Girl Bomi!

As it turns out, there are enough third-degree black belts in K-pop to form a national team of their own! Former I.O.I-member-turned-soloist Jeon Somi has also earned her stripes at the dojang (the Korean word for a taekwondo training hall) and she’s got the skills to prove it. Even in a pair of jeans, she executes some flawless moves!

In addition to some pretty crazy martial arts capabilities, GOT7’s Jackson was also a junior champion fencer before he decided to become an idol. He was on the Hong Kong national team before moving to South Korea, and his lightning-fast sabre skills are nothing to shake your head at. He’s totally jacked (no pun intended), which is terrifying in and of itself, but armed with a fencing foil? We’d be running for sure.

Amber’s bold personality and tomboyish style has always made her a standout in the K-pop industry, but her taekwondo skills are impressive too! She spends a lot of time at the gym, which adds to her powerful strikes and her intimidating persona (which hides her true sweet and goofy personality!). She’d definitely have your back in a fight.

Baekho earned the nickname “Sexy Bandit” during his time on season 2 of “Produce 101,” and for a very good reason: his buff physique and smoldering glare could definitely leave fans quaking in their boots. But that’s not the only thing he brings to a fight: he’s also highly trained in kumdo, which is a Korean derivative of the Japanese martial art form kendo. You wouldn’t want to be on the wrong end of that sword!

What GFRIEND’s lead dancer Yerin lacks in training, she makes up for in sheer force of will! Her totally blasé attitude while skinning a lizard on “Law of the Jungle” was honestly pretty scary, and she looks all too comfortable handling that big knife. Who knows what she’d be able to do given the opportunity to get into a real fight! Don’t cross her.

See more from “Law of the Jungle”!

He’s BTS’s Golden Maknae for a reason – he’s good at pretty much everything he does, including a variety of athletic events from taekwondo to boxing to ssireum. His sweet visuals bely some truly toned muscles, and even the other members of BTS aren’t safe from his strength. Golden Maknae for the win!

Don’t miss the rest of the 2016 “Idol Star Athletics Championships” New Year’s Special!

Her bright personality and beautiful voice has earned Kim Sejeong a lot of fans as a former member of I.O.I and now as a member of gugudan, but that’s not all she’s known for! She’s incredibly strong, able to lift variety show host Defconn with ease and even saving BTOB’s Yook Sungjae during their time on “Law of the Jungle.” She’d totally have you covered if things got a little too scary!

Don’t miss the latest episode of “Law of the Jungle”!

Choi Siwon’s strong visuals and smooth voice make him incredibly powerful already, but he’s not just the group’s muscle (although he’s certainly packing a lot of that too!). For a while he was the youngest person in South Korea to hold a fourth degree black belt in taekwondo, and it seems that he hasn’t lost any of his prowess since becoming an idol superstar. He’s the epitome of tall, strong, and handsome, and you’d definitely want him on your side in a fight!

Which idol would you want backing you up in a fight? Tell us in the comments section!