For a lot of us K-pop fangirls, knowing our fave idols' MBTI personality type is one way for us to feel closer to them.



The MBTI, or Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, composes of 16 personality types and is seen as a brief insight into how people make decisions, how they tend to interact with other people, and how they see challenges.



Of course, there are some people who don't *totally* believe in it (FYI, it's advised to take the MBTI with a grain of salt), but it's still a pretty cool way to know people's personalities.



So let's get right to it and get to know the personality types of our fave Korean idols!

A similar trait among analysts is that they are all imaginative, curious, and innovators.

As a person who takes something they believe in and does something about it, ENTJs are decisive people who know what they want and dive in headfirst to achieve it.



Idol/s with this personality type: SNSD's Tiffany Young



The ENTP, or the debater, enjoys challenging the status quo as they are known to enjoy rebuilding and reconstructing ideas.



Idol/s with this personality type: Day 6's Young K and Stray Kids' Hyunjin



As introverts, INTJs like to pause and think to themselves first before taking action.

Although identified as introverts, INTPs tend to take things in their own hands as they have a different way of approaching things.



Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' Jin and DAY6's Jae



Being altruistic and inspirational, these types tend to have a very strong influence on the people around them.

INFJs tend to approach life with seriousness and have a deep connection with their imagination. Fun fact: INFJ is the rarest personality type, "accounting for roughly 1.5 percent of people who take the test."

Idol/s with this personality type: GOT7's JB and SEVENTEEN's Wonwoo, Woozi, and The8



INFPs are the type of people who look for the good in the worst people or situations. Fun fact: Did you know that only 4 percent of the population in the world are INFPs? An interesting piece of information considering that in South Korea, INFPs compromise 10.61 percent of the population, making INFP the top MBTI type in the country.

Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' RM, Suga, and JK, GOT7's Yugyeom, DAY6's Wonpil, and SEVENTEEN's S.Coups, Dokyeom, Hoshi, and Jun

ENFJs are people who love reaching out and helping other people. These people have strong values and ideas that are backed with passion and a whole lot of charisma.

Idol/s with this personality type: GOT7's Jackson, ITZY's Lia and Yuna, DAY6's Sungjin, BTS' Jimin, TXT's Beomgyu, SEVENTEEN's Mingyu, Joshua, and Dino, and Stray Kids' Bang Chan

ENFPs scream energy! These types of people absolutely love big ideas and are free spirits who look for things that go beyond simple excitement. They also enjoy getting to know people on a deeper level.

Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' V, TXT's Huening Kai, UNIQ's Woodz, SEVENTEEN's Seungkwan and Vernon, and Stray Kids' Changbin and Felix

The sentinel personality types all have some sort of leader vibe to them. They're very warm and are ready to defend the people close to them.

ISTJs are very methodical. Being logical, sticking to their morals, and tirelessly committing to duty, having an ISTJ is crucial to any family, group of friends, or organization. ISTJs actually compromise about 13 percent of the population.

ISFJs are adorably unassuming and pay attention to every little detail they observe from you. Though they're pretty conservative, they develop their social skills and can create meaningful relationships with lots of people.

Idol/s with this personality type: ITZY's Yeji, GOT7's Jinyoung and Youngjae, SNSD's Taeyeon, TVXQ's Changmin, and SEVENTEEN's Jeonghan

You can consider an ESTJ as a solid pillar you can hold onto as they tend to have a textbook understanding of what is right and wrong.

The ultimate extroverts, ESFJs enjoy taking part in community activities and supporting their friends and families. They are people-focused and, because of this, very popular.

Idol/s with this personality type: BTS' JHope, ITZY's Chaeryeong, and Stray Kids' Seungmin, I.N, and Lee Know.

As the name suggests, these personality types are very bold and spontaneous. They are versatile and are not afraid to try new things that they are passionate about.

ISFPs are artists and don't appreciate being boxed into a stereotype.



Idol/s with this personality type: EXO's Baekhyun, TWICE's Mina and Jihyo, TXT's Soobin, and DAY6's Dowoon

ISTPs can easily accomplish a task when they're left to themselves. They also love to explore and rationalize anything that piques their curiosity.

ESTPs are very energetic and like to take any and every opportunity they can get. They adore lively conversations and tend to stray away from theory and abstract concepts.

ESFPs are the type of people who believe in the saying "no man gets left behind," as they love energetic conversations and interactions

Don't know your MBTI personality type yet? You can take the test here.