“Whenever I listen to this song, the song makes me comfortable. The song is very smooth, and I can feel various emotions. Sometimes I feel stuck as we continue to be in self-quarantine because of the COVID-19 outbreak. Whenever it happens, I listen to this song and the song comforts us. For now, A.C.E will try our best to keep practicing to show better performances and songs, waiting for the moment that we can meet our fans in near future!” - A.C.E’s Jun

“I recommend this song, as it goes well with the current weather in Korea. Also it is the song by EDEN, who is the senior producer at our company. It has a meaning that anywhere in our daily lives can become heaven. It would be great if you can listen to this song with your family and close friends next to you!” - ATEEZ’s Jung Woo Young

“It’s really impressive how the lyrics of the song interpreted the word ‘psycho’ in a different light. I’m constantly touched by the beautiful melody, and the more I hear it, the more I feel happy and sad at the same time. ... I think the song really is ‘psycho.’” The Boyz’s Q

“‘Nothing’ is one of those songs I can listen to whenever, and the music is just so calm! The lyrics and the melody make it a nice song to listen to, and the instrumental and chord arrangements make it music to my ears. I especially enjoy listening to it before sleeping!” - The Boyz’s Jacob

“The lyrics are positive, and now that the weather is getting warmer, you can refresh and chill by listening to this track.” - CLC’s Yeeun “I can imagine the sea right in front of us, just listening to this song at home alone. It would be good to listen to this song in the upcoming summer season in Korea, as the song has an exciting tempo, making people feel good. Additionally, the lyrics are impressive, like our song 'BAZOOKA!' as it comforts us not to worry too much.” - GWSN’s Lena

“This is a song that I listen to quite often while I’m home. I think it’ll be nice to think that so many of us who are staying at home are listening to the same song as we try to overcome COVID-19.” - LOONA’s Kim Lip

“I recommend this song to encourage everyone to stay home to help stop the spread of COVID-19, to flatten the curve and do our part to help the frontline workers. Let’s all hang in there a little bit more during these difficult times!” - LOONA’s Yves

"I’d also like to add this song because it makes me feel both excited and calm at the same time. I love listening to the original from Aretha Franklin, as well as all the covers!" - TWICE’s Tzuyu