It’s always a pleasant surprise when you find out that an idol is not only talented on stage, but is also talented at drawing. There are a handful of K-pop idols who are known to be amazing artists and some of them even go as far as holding exhibitions and selling their work. Here’s a look at 11 of those celebrities.

Disclaimer: List is in no particular order!

Lee Jae Jin has been considered to have a quirky personality, but he’s also known to be quite the artist. This self-taught artist never really took his hobby too seriously, but has lately been aspiring to sell his artwork.

And his adorable drawing of his nephew:

It’s no secret that Yura is good at drawing. She graduated from a high school that was focused on the arts, so it’s a given that she would be talented. When she revealed some of her drawings on various programs, viewers were blown away by just how well she could draw!

And how can we forget her gift to Hong Jong Hyun when they were both on “We Got Married.” How perfect was it?!

Seulgi is good at everything she does, which is why it was no surprise to find masterpieces inside when she pulled out her sketchbook. Look at the talent!

Her sketch of some kittens:

And her very accurate drawing of the Statue of Liberty:

SHINee’s Key is not exactly a realist when it comes to drawing, but his artwork has garnered a lot of attention for being very expressive and artistic. He was able to display some of his artwork at his uncle’s art exhibition several years ago.

He even designed the front cover of SHINee’s album, “The Misconceptions of Us.”

Suzy has expressed that she likes to stay at home and draw. She can stay up for hours just doing random sketches. What’s really surprising was seeing just how talented she is!

She even draws caricatures! When she appeared on “Happy Together,” she showed the cast members caricatures she drew of all of them.

Zico has mentioned that he enjoys drawing when he can. It’s no surprise because the man is so gifted in all aspects when it comes to art. When he was on the show “Happy Together,” he was able to showcase some of his drawing skills through a game that’s similar to Pictionary.

Check out his very accurate drawing of the comedian Yoo Sang Moo:

Our adorable BTS maknae has showcased his beautiful artistic skills time and time again. He’s a man of many talents and hobbies, all of which he’s incredible at. Look at him do his thing so effortlessly:

Out of all the artists on this list, Song Mino is the only one who seems to be really pursuing art beyond just as a hobby. Mino seems to have his hand in various aspects of the arts, as he’s also interested in photography, fashion, and of course, rapping!

Epik High’s Tablo shared this photo that Mino drew of the rappers featured in his song, “Born Hater.” His talent is seriously incredible!

It has been known that Son Naeun enjoys going to art galleries and knows quite a bit about artists, but when it was first revealed that she could actually draw, people were so impressed! She was also voted to be the best artist in her group, which she was happy about.

Here’s a drawing she did several years ago:

Another time she showcased her art skills was when she gave SHINee’s Taemin a drawing on “We Got Married”:

Idol-turned-actress Kim Jaekyung is pretty well known in the K-pop world for her amazing artist skills. Although she’s showcased them on several occasions, she has admitted that she is more keen on calligraphy and fashion.

Look at how realistic her drawings are!

Jimin has also shown through various outlets that he’s quite the talented artist. It seems he likes to doodle, and although he doesn’t consider himself to be serious about drawing, his sketches prove that he’s just as talented at drawing as he is with everything else he does!

Here’s his “quick” drawing of a rose for BTS fans:

He also drew this (originally an image done by a famous graffiti artist). Isn’t it so cool?!

Hey Soompiers, which of these K-pop idols are you impressed with? Let me know in the comments below!

binahearts is a Soompi writer whose ultimate biases are Song Joong Ki and BIGBANG. She is also the author of “K-POP A To Z: The Definitive K-Pop Encyclopedia.” Make sure you follow binahearts on Instagram as she journeys through her latest Korean crazes!

Currently watching: “The King: Eternal Monarch” and “Heart Signal 3”

 All-time favorite dramas: “Secret Garden,” “Goblin,” “Because This Is My First Life,” “Star In My Heart”

 Looking forward to: Won Bin‘s return to the small screen