Broadcast date: May 16-17

 

 Starring: NCT Dream, Twice, ENOi, Stray Kids 

 

 

 Jaemin, Jisung of NCT Dream boasts perfect chemistry 

 



Jaemin and Jisung of NCT Dream entertained fans with their banter during their V Live broadcast.Showing off their comic chemistry, the two bandmates took to V Live after finishing their online fan event with fans in China. “It was Jisung’s idea to do this V Live. We are just here to chat with you,” said Jaemin.Looking relaxed on a sofa, they filled the more-than 45-minute session with a casual conversation, jokes and chatter about their daily lives.NCT Dream, the seven-member sub-unit of NCT, recently promoted its “Reload” EP, featuring single “Ridin.’” The group was also the fifth Korean act to be tapped as Billboard’s Emerging Artist.“Ridin’” debuted at No. 19 on the World Digital Song Sales chart.Wrapping up the talk. Jisung said, “I would appreciate if you guys could give me some good ideas for better content.”Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191616Sana of Twice became the fourth member to tease the group’s upcoming “More & More” EP.In the clip shared on the group’s V Vive channel, the Japanese member is featured with spring-themed outfits, surrounded by beautiful flowers. Sporting a white dress and tying her long orange hair with silky ribbon, Sana gave a scoop of what’s to come from Twice’s next project.Twice previously dropped concept films of Nayeon, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu.The group’s ninth EP “More & More” is its first release since the “Feel Special” album in September.The album is set to drop on June 1.Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191666Gun of ENOi played some K-pop songs with his guitar.The talented member took to V Live to flaunt his guitar skill, playing multiple songs for his fans. At fans’ request, he started off with “That’s Okay” by D.O. of EXO, although he made some mistakes. “Guys, there will be songs that I can’t do well, but three or four songs will be fine if I play as many as 10 songs,” said Gun with a shy smile.He shared that he doesn’t use a pick when playing the instrument.Switching between an acoustic guitar and an electronic guitar, he played songs like “Do You Think of Me?” by 10cm and “Rooftop”by N.Flying. Band leader Laon also made a special appearance, peaking into Gun’s room and banging his head while Gun didn’t notice him.Fans reacted with a flood of comments complementing Gun’s musical ability, asking him to make it a regular session.The rising rookie, ENOi released its first EP “Red in the Apple” in January.Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191622Changbin of Stray Kids gifted fans wby playing his special solo track “Streetlight.”The emotional song, featuring his bandmate Bang Chan, delivers Changbin’s spitfire rapping along with his self-composed lyrics.The musician had explained the meaning behind the song, saying, “I compared a person who suffers from emotional pain and sorrow without being able to tell anymore, who smiles and pretends like everything’s okay, to a streetlight.” He added that the lyrics partially reflected his own past experience when he struggled on his own and that relaying those feelings into a song gave him a sense of relief.“I hope that when people listen to this song they can find someone who will empathize with their pain,” he said.Watch the full clip at: https://www.vlive.tv/video/191664Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=