If you don’t know what Animal Crossing is, chances are, you might have actually heard about it before. For those of you who are curious, Animal Crossing is a life simulation video game where players take the role of a character who moves to an island and works on building their community from scratch. As its release happened to be during the COVID-19-related quarantine, K-pop fans had time on their hands to manifest their love for the genre through this game.

Here are five ways these K-pop/Animal Crossing crossovers were portrayed amidst this current craze!

This MONSTA X fan surely knows how to promote their favorite group!

This encrypted hint at ATEEZ’s fandom name is pretty subtle!

You know the drill, stan LOONA!

This fan knows how to play their K-pop cards inside the game.

This fan reprised BLACKPINK’s “Kill This Love” and it’s fair to say that they killed it!

This Stray Kids cover of “You Can Stay” is simply on point!

This fan is flaunting NCT’s logo on their character’s shirt like a boss!

And this one here recreated Red Velvet’s outfits from “Psycho.” Talk about creativity!

How to get BT21 merch for free:

This EXO tank top is as simple as it is elegant!

At this point, Animal Crossing is birthing fashion designers, and this TWICE collection is proof!

This MAMAMOOxMoomoo sweater tribute is goals! (Moomoo in Korean means radish, which is the shape of the fandom’s light stick.)

If it isn’t the most famous jersey in K-pop fashion history!

Need some (G)I-DLE art in your room? Look no further!

Devotion at its finest: Painting GOT7 album covers under the stars.

This Girls’ Generation wholesome collection is every Sone’s dream!

2NE1, BLACKPINK, and EXO fans will rejoice with these beautiful album replicas!

And this ELF right here pretty much nailed it!

Now, this DAY6 set is as real as it gets!

And this is the best way to commemorate one of 2NE1’s most iconic stages of all time.

If there was a K-pop island contest, this one below would be hands down the winner.

Which K-pop/Animal Crossing crossover is your favorite? Let us know in the comments below!