Jaemin and Renjun of NCT Dream let fans in on their upcoming content.“Why did we come on V Live? Because we miss you, of course, but also ...” Jaemin began.The pair, as well as their fans, have been wanting to have a cooking show and “may” start one soon, they said, and wanted recommendations. The viewers instantly sent in names of the dishes that included tteokboki and malatang.“Isn’t malatang hard to make?” Jaemin asked and Renjun replied that he does not know how to but they would probably need to make bone broth.“Then we may have to start 12 hours before shooting,” mumbled Jaemin stifling a grin.Going through the suggestions, Renjun let out that Chenle and Jisung also will have their turn and already decided to make Chinese dishes.“What about Jeno? He will be the MC ... or a judge,” said Renjun.“Thank you everyone for the ideas although we might go for what Jeno likes,” said Jaemin.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/192458.Han Seungwoo of Victon took to V Live after it was made official that the band will release new EP on June 2.“The sudden announcement that we will come back must have surprised and baffled you,” he went on after a brief pause. “But we wanted to continue building up precious memory with you as soon as possible.”When fans asked him to drop some hints, he said it was too early to give out spoilers.“When there is about a week left, I will start giving you clues bit by bit,” promised the leader of the band. He is happy to be able to come out with new music so soon, although it would have been better if they could meet in person.Han also thanked for his Instagram account having amassed 1 million followers. He has not been as active as he wanted to be, but is glad to have another medium of communication, he said.There are just about 40 pictures posted so far since he is quite selective, admitted the musician.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/192477.Yeji, Ryujin and Yuna of ITZY invited fans to play games together.“As the broadcast title suggests, we’re going to play rock, paper and scissors and the losers will be given penalties, picked from those recommended by you,” explained Yeji and Ryujin.Yeji was the first to lose and the leader begged the bandmates to go easy on her since it was the first round. Ryujin decided to let her get away with a wink.From the second round on, they agreed that they should pick the penalty first and chose braiding hair. The three shrieked and squealed, going through multiple tries before Yeji lost again and they realized that their voices were way too loud. Yeji quickly accepted her fate and let the two have a go at her long blonde mane.With Yeji sporting a half up and half down hair, they continued, this time with a “too-cute” song as a penalty. They forgot and squealed when Yeji lost again.“It‘s perfect with the hair!” exclaimed Ryujin as Yeji covered her face.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/192514.Kpop Herald reporters Hong Dam-young and Kwon Yae-rim unboxed TXT’s new EP “The Dream Chapter: Eternity.”It is the third installment of the “Dream” series, following “Star” and “Magic.” In “Star” they talked about how they found each other and began their journey and “Magic” was about the wonderful experience they had. In the new EP, however, they sing about the conflicts, and their friendship taking a turn into a dark phase, said Hong.At first it seems to contradict the title “Eternity,” Hong agreed with Kwon, but it does end in a more positive note as they embrace friendship as a whole with all the lows and highs.Having such narrative in an album, and a story arch that link through a series is quite rewarding, noted Kwon.The quintet also took a stab at writing a song. Led by Beomgyu, they participated in writing the lyrics and melody of “Maze In The Mirror,” a personal recollection on trainee days.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/191930.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=