If you are a K-pop fan and have never heard of BgA, it is pretty much normal and you would be pardoned. After all, they are a one-of-a-kind K-pop group of “Five Guys Who Can’t sing, Dance Or Really Speak Korean”.

On May 3, BgA leader, R.O.P (aka Ryan Higa), out of the (Sunday) blue, uploaded his group debut music video “Dong Saya Dae” on his Facebook page, with a caption: “4 years ago, 5 guys who really can’t sing, dance nor speak Korean try to start a Kpop Band..”

The Face of the Group’s post immediately attracted attention from his followers, with many suggesting (and demanding) as a comeback hint. After the last comeback with “Who’s It Gonna Be” in 2017, BgA has since gone into hiatus for over three years now.

In case you missed it, BgA (abbreviation for Boys Generally Asian) is a unlike-your-typical K-pop male group that consists of five Asian American members, namely YouTuber Ryan Higa, musician David Choi, film maker Philip Wang, actor Justin Chon, and musician Jun Sung Ahn.
• Read More: “Five Guys Who Can’t sing, Dance Or Really Speak Korean” Successfully Debut As A K-pop Band

On 13 May 2016, BgA debuted with an exceptional-written song titled “Dong Saya Dae” (“I Have To Take A S**T”) and its music video, and immediately attracted worldwide K-pop fandoms despite lack of publicity – except their individual social media channels. They even went on to beat the (real) K-pop Kings on iTunes Charts and continued the dominance for a while.

BgA’s success was frequently attributed to how they approached the genre in an unconventional way by forming a K-pop group with “Five Guys Who Can’t sing, Dance Or Really Speak Korean”.

The group returned to the music scene on 24 March 2017 with their comeback track “Who’s It Gonna Be”, with its music video highlighting the real issues faced in K-pop at that time.

The music video talks about one of its members Jun, who is the visual face of the group, and luckily gets all the attention like any other K-pop groups today. But it becomes unfair to the other not-so-popular members as they are kicked out to the background. This creates discontentment, and highlights the possible demise of a group, serving a good reminder to fans that all members of a group should best be treated the same even though there can be an individual bias.

In the storyline, BgA also revealed its fan club name for the first time. The boys would have gone ahead with the fan club name as “ARMY” when fans dropped approving comments after it was briefly mentioned in its debut MV as “BgA ARMYs”. But in a good sense of humor, they brought up that “ARMY” is already taken by a Behind The Scene boy (BTS) group, so they decided on the name “K-pooper” since their first and only song is about “poop”, all thanks to David.

With the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic taking a critical toll on the world this year, it is perhaps time for BgA to be back, if not for the music, at least for the laughs.