Calling all global K-pop fans! KPOP North will be hosting this year’s biggest free online concert, bringing your favorite artists right onto your digital devices!

Global K-pop fans are in for a delight as KPOP North hosts this year’s largest live-streamed concert. Following the postponements of numerous K-pop events and concerts this year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, KPOP North aims to overcome this challenge and connect fans to their favorite artists once more.

From the Canadian company that brought Canada’s largest K-pop concert to the country last year, KPOP North Live 2020 is going global with a special live-streamed concert unlike any other.

The event will truly be a unique experience for fans and artists alike.

KPOP North Live 2020 will be a jam-packed event with various activities fans can look forward to enjoy with their favorite idols. It will include live performances by the artists, interactive games, and more surprises in store!

The online event will be available worldwide on a free livestream. Global fans can enjoy the party as MC’s will lead the event in English.

Following the concert, the entire event will remain online and available in various languages for non-English fans to enjoy.

Aiming for the best possible engagement with global fans, KPOP North Live 2020 encourages K-Pop followers to add their input. The organizers have created a SURVEY where fans can provide details of where they are located and what they would like to see included in the event.

Additionally, anyone who takes the survey gets a chance to win amazing prizes. This includes a round trip to South Korea from your city anywhere in the world, or an Apple iPad Air (3rd generation), or Apple AirPods!

A teaser for what is in store

KPOP North held the largest Canadian K-pop event in 2019 with incredible success. To get a small glimpse at the festivities fans can expect to the online event this year, check out last year’s highlights.

Attending artists from last year’s event included sensational artists such as KARD, The Rose, Zion. T, and VERIVERY.