J-Hope of BTS spent more than an hour making beaded bracelets for his bandmates.“I’ve wanted to try something like this ... but it may be frustrating to watch me,” he warned in advance fingering a box of colorful beads.He decided to begin with one for Jimin, worrying if he will be able to do a proper job and how long it would take. He started with a small yellow animal but as soon as he added it to the cord, he said out loud that Jimin may not wear it.“Wouldn’t it be better if I did the initials?” said the artist telling himself to pick up speed instead of looking at the comments from viewers.“This would have taken Jungkook half a day,” he said chuckling.J-Hope told fans that he has taken up Pilates recently and admitted that it was more demanding. The rest of the bandmates are also working out while working hard on their own music, he added.Viewers insisted he add a koala to RM’s and he said they must be sad that he skipped the animal charm for Suga’s.“I will upload the photo once I’m done,” he promised.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/191206.The bandmates of Monsta X marked the fifth anniversary of debut broadcasting live for more than an hour.After blowing a candle on cake and singing “Happy Birthday” for themselves, each of the six members received a diary featuring their own bear characters. The journals were from their exclusive merchandise store and filled with messages from their fans.Thanking everyone for the sweet messages and drawings, they kept fans up to speed helping themselves to food on the table. Kihyun and Minhyuk have bought a rowing machine and been working out at home while Shownu is almost done with his physical therapy for his injured back. Jooheon said that he is taking vocal lesson but that mostly everyone is spending a lot of time practicing.“There have been ups and downs of course, but thank you for spending the last five years together,” I.M told fans.“I can’t believe it’s already been five years,” Jooheon went on, “but every time we practice, I can feel that every one of us is pouring so much. ... Please be there for us. We’ll make you proud.”Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/189930.Kpop Herald’s Yim Hyun-su and Hong Dam-young went through the boy band’s five full-length albums and seven EPs to shed light on their five-year career listing top 50 songs.The band debuted with “Trespass” -- number 13 on the list -- exactly five years ago, Yim began.Its first official single in English, “Who Do You Love,” at number seven, was a big collaboration featuring French Montana and a pleasant surprise in itself hailing its crossover to the US. Even bigger news, though, was that it has inked a deal with major US label Epic Records, he said.At fifth came “Shoot Out,” a hip-hop-tinged dance number with an instantly recognizable chorus and intense choreography. Next was “Catchy as hell” track “Alligator” and sitting on number three was “Dramarama” that was a chart-topper with a dramatic intro and funky melody. “Jealousy,” at second place, is a very well-made pop but putting “Hero” at the top was a no brainer, said Yim.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/190780.Renjun of NCT Dream went live after hosting a radio program to chat with fans as usual.“Yes, Jaemin and I were having some late-night snack and he said he will upload a post on Bubble. So I did as well, making mine rhyme with his,” he said replying to fans’ questions.Munching on a bag of gummies that taste like a Korean energy drink (“So good you can’t stop! Sweet and sour!”), he chatted with fans about a range of topics that include the last song he played for the radio show and whether anyone needs the air to cool down before going to sleep.Once he gets home, he will defrost some spicy dumplings his parents have sent him from China. Fans were curious who would share the food and Renjun said once he starts making something in the kitchen, someone will definitely join.“Jisung, for sure, and probably Jaemin,” he said chuckling.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/191334.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=