South Korea has been praised for its robust and aggressive response to the Covid-19 outbreak. In mid-February, the country had the second-highest number of cases after China owing to a cluster of infections that was linked to the Shincheonji Church in Seoul.

Yet, by mid-April, the number of new cases per day had dwindled down to single digits. By early May, the Korean government was aiming to normalise the functioning of schools, businesses, and other facilities.

Despite South Korea never implementing a full lockdown, it is understandable that people – including celebrities – are itching for their lives to go back to normal. As social distancing measures were relaxed, crowds began to return to clubs, bars, and other entertainment establishments.

In early May, a new cluster of cases was recorded in Seoul, stemming from several clubs and bars in the Itaewon district. As of May 20, over 130 cases have been linked back to the club cluster, threatening to put a halt to government efforts to revitalise the country.

Amongst those caught up in this Covid-19 resurgence are the following big names in K-pop:

The four idols, collectively known to fans as the ’97 Liners, were confirmed to have spent a night out bar-hopping in the Itaewon district of Seoul. As reported by entertainment outlet Dispatch, the group visited a restaurant and two bars in Itaewon between April 25 and April 26. It was later discovered that a patient with Covid-19 had visited the same area on May 2, prompting the Ministry of Health and Welfare to order compulsory testing for all who had visited entertainment facilities in Itaewon between April 24 and May 6. The agencies of all four idols later confirmed that the boys had tested negative for the disease and would be undergoing self-quarantine. Each agency then released a formal apology on behalf of their idol, expressing their regret over their "careless management (of their artistes)" and for not following the government’s social distancing guidelines. They also took care to clarify that the boys had not visited the club which had hosted the first confirmed case in the new cluster. Jaehyun and Cha Eun Woo also uploaded handwritten apology letters to their respective social media accounts.

Best known as the leader of now-defunct girl group Kara, Park Gyuri was spotted dancing in a nightclub without a mask on. Coincidentally, patient zero of the Itaewon cluster was reportedly present at the club on the same night Park was there. Park’s management agency confirmed these allegations via an official statement and said that Park had voluntarily undergone testing for the virus. According to the agency, Park’s test results had come back negative, and she would be “deeply reflecting upon her actions” while in self-isolation. Park and her agency initially stated that the actress had kept her face mask on throughout her time at the club. Later they clarified that Park had taken her mask off for about 20 seconds in the club.