Several K-pop stars are hoping to inspire students and educators affected by the worldwide impact of COVID-19 in a new song that puts the focus on daily life with the coronavirus. “Be The Future” features girl group Dreamcatcher, boy band IN2IT, and soloist AleXa, and arrived today (May 5) in collaboration with UNESCO.

The collective of performers were brought together by Millenasia, a media brand that specifically curates content for millennial Asian audiences, to participate in the project as the “Millenasia Project,” singing about the difficulties of the current environment that has many practicing social distancing and distance learning, aiming to inspire students to keep up with their studies.

"All the days may feel the same, it's something that you can't control," the K-pop stars making up the Millenasia Project sing in “Be The Future.” "But let me show you how, how we're gonna get through all this." A few moments later, the catchy chorus arrives: "Wash your hands, soapy clean, clean. Put your mask on, simple indeed."

The song and music video also reference social distancing regularly, and provide tips for managing the current state of living for many people across the world.

“Be The Future” was produced by Korean production team Artmatic and written in collaboration with the band Love X Stereo. The music video was created by production team Zanybros, which AleXa is associated with.

“My third grade teacher taught me that at the very least we should all try to make a difference with our lives,” said IN2IT’s Yeontae about participating. “Now that we are suffering by COVID-19, I can make a difference by staying at home and caring for my parents. I hope young people everywhere are able to withstand these difficult times, and make a conscious choice to protect their friends and family by following prevention rules."

The song and its music video were created by Millenasia in partnership with the Varkey Foundation, a member of UNESCO’s Global Education Coalition that focuses on improving education across the world.

“It was an honor to partner up with UNESCO’s Global Education Coalition to partake in this campaign,” said AleXa. “Being able to collaborate with such amazing seniors like Dreamcatcher and IN2IT made this project super fun! We strongly hope that this song and its message of health catches young people’s attention and helps encourage safety standards, globally.”

The song is just the latest release coming out of the K-pop world even as many music industries across the globe come to a halt in the face of the coronavirus pandemic. South Korea’s music scene rapidly adjusted after initial upsets and continues to produce content amid the state of things as the country manages the spread of COVID-19.

“I am delighted that these K-pop artists have united to send an important message about staying safe during this global pandemic,” said Stefania Giannini, Assistant Director General for Education at UNESCO. “Our Global Education Coalition is determined to do all it can to facilitate inclusive learning opportunities for the 1.5 billion students and youth across the planet that have been affected by school and university closures due to the COVID-19 outbreak. Crucially, we’re determined to put the teacher voice at the heart of our mission to give every child their birthright; a good education."

K-pop has a long history of stars being featured in promotional campaigns to raise awareness about social issues, including things like voting early and suicide prevention.

“This music video is a fantastic way to ensure important messages about COVID-19 reach young people throughout the world,” said Varkey Foundation founder Sunny Varkey.