It’s taken just four years for Blackpink to become one of the biggest girl bands in the world, with members Jennie, Jisoo, Rosé, and Lisa continuing to smash new records and forge new ground. They were the first K-pop girl group to play at Coachella and to reach 1 billion YouTube views—now they’re the most-subscribed-to music group on the platform, and in 2019, they broke three Guinness World Records with the single “Kill This Love,” which has had more than 312 million plays on Spotify and over 824 million YouTube views, a mere fraction of the quartet’s billions of streams, downloads, views, and followers. That same year they also undertook the most financially successful concert tour by a Korean female group. They’re front-row fixtures at runway shows and the faces of mega brands, including Chanel, Puma, Louis Vuitton, and Dior. And all this with just a handful of songs in their repertoire.

Now, as they prepare to release their latest album in June, it may be time to ask: How on earth did they do it?

Excitement prior to Blackpink’s August 2016 debut had built to a fever pitch, as they were the first girl group in seven years out of YG Entertainment (home to K-pop legends Big Bang, 2NE1 and formerly, Psy). There were big shoes to fill: The reign of the trailblazing four-member girl group 2NE1 was over, and Blackpink was expected to revive the bold EDM pop sound they’d embodied. Their debut, Square One, was an overnight smash, the insistent build of “Whistle” and cocky chorus on “Boombayah” making for a short but thrilling introduction.

In November 2016, their second single album, Square Two, featured a pop banger (“Playing With Fire”), an acoustic version of “Whistle,” and “Stay,” a country-influenced track that allowed them to spread their vocal wings away from their “girl crush” concept (K-pop vernacular for a fiery look and sound that’s proved immensely popular with international audiences).

Though they were dubbed “the new 2NE1” during their rookie days, some of their first appearances on Korean variety shows bring into focus not only Blackpink’s chaotically entertaining presence but the determination to carve out their own identities. Vocalist Jisoo has become a face for beauty brands Kiss Me and Dior; rapper and vocalist Jennie has branched out as a soloist and a powerful influencer; New Zealand–born Rosé’s distinct vocal sound has seen her on hits for G-Dragon; and Thailand-born rapper and dancer Lisa is the most-followed K-pop star on Instagram.