South Korea has taken the world by storm with its phenomenal music, energetic choreography, and beautiful and handsome singers. The fans call it K-pop, meaning Korean Pop or Hallyu which means the Korean wave.

South Korean has made its place in the hearts of many with the ever-growing and evolving dramas, Netflix films, Korean skincare, Korean food, clothing, and the most crucial of all, rhythmic songs that would make your heart race and your body groove. Not to mention, in the midst of that, BTS who is also known as Bangtan Boys popped out of nowhere and claimed their throne as the kings of K-pop. You may know PSY, CL, or even SuperM but now, it's time to know BTS on a deeper level.

Related: Kpop Boy Group SuperM Will Be Joining Lady Gaga's At Home Concert

BTS is a group of seven charming and charismatic boys who work under the South Korean company BigHit. Each member is given a position in the group such as rapper, main vocal, sub-vocal, and dancer. Starting from the oldest to the youngest order, first comes Jin, 27, then Suga, 27, J-Hope, 26, Rap Monster, 25, Jimin, 24, V, 24, and the youngest of all who is also called 'Maknae' is Jungkook, 22.

The members don't recognize themselves as friends but as close brothers or even family since they have been together since the formation of the group which was in 2010. They support each other through their ups and downs and no matter what, they never leave each other's side.

BTS debuted in 2013 with their single album 2 Cool 4 Skool. However, prior to their debut, they earned exposure through various social media sites, including YouTube and SoundCloud.

Their music videos and songs are powerful, meaningful, and filled with various emotions. BTS is often praised for its hardcore choreography and influential lyrics.

Although their album sold over 145,000 copies, their lead single No More Dream wasn't a major hit. BTS then released another single titled We Are Bulletproof PT. 2 but that too didn't hit the charts.

In 2013, BTS released a second part to their School Trilogy titled O!RUL8,2? with a single song called N.O and it eventually shot at number 92 in Korea. In 2014, their third part of School trilogy was released, and eventually, it peaked at number 3 on Billboard's World Album Charts.

Soon after, BTS released many music videos that were either a hit or just famously recognized in South Korea. In 2016, BTS released the track Blood Sweat & Tears which was yet again at Billboard's World Album Chart, World Digital Songs Chart, and Social 50 Chart. The music video of Blood Sweat & Tears gained over 6 million views within a 24-hour span.

According to Aceshowbiz, they kept on climbing the ladder of success but it wasn't until 2017 that BTS became well-known not only in the U.S, but in other countries as well. The South Korean group had won the Top Social Artist Award at the Billboard Music Awards knocking Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez.

In fact, Jimmy Fallon himself introduced the band as 'the biggest boy band on the planet' on The Tonight Show, and he wasn't wrong. BTS won many awards; from Mnet Asian Music Awards, Seoul Music Awards to Golden Disk, and Artist of the Year awards.

The Conversation reports that in 2018, BTS also addressed the UN Assembly to launch a campaign to encourage young people to speak up about bullying and abuse. The group's songs and influence have reached not only the U.S market, but the East Asian and European markets as well. The band's third official album titled Love Yourself: Tear topped Billboard 200, evidently making them the first K-pop to snatch number one in the U.S. and the highest-charting album by an Asian act to date. BTS also appeared in Jimmy Kimmel Live (2017) and the Ellen DeGeneres Show (2018)

BTS also collaborated with celebrities such as DJ Steve Aoki, Halsey, Nicki Minaj, Chainsmokers, Charli XCX, and Swedish singer Zara Larsson.

Related: 15 Things Fans Should Know About CL: The K-Pop Star Dubbed; More Influential Than Beyonce

Of course, we can't compare BTS to other K-pop groups as each group has its own specialty: be it in dancing, singing, or making dynamic and stunning music videos, but we can say that BTS is the epitome of different.

The group which is managed by BigHit company is allegedly given free will to contribute their creativeness according to how the band would like it, unlike other K-pop groups who have a hard time choosing their preferences.

Additionally, according to Forbes, BTS became Asian's highest-earning band before taxes on the Forbes Celebrity 100. The band's Love Yourself World Tour which went on for 8 months reportedly earned BigHit $196 million.

Are You An Army Yet?

Every celebrity has his or her own fan names such as Beliebers, Selenators, and Lovatics. BTS has just the right name for its fans as well. Their fandom name is called ARMY which means 'Adorable Representative MC for Youth.' It was a term chosen by the band's managers but the fans went along and encouraged the name anyway.

In BTS concerts that are filled with liveliness, passion, and enthusiasm, the ARMY's all get along with their light sticks, and they dance and sing along with their beloved group to show their love and infinite support for the group. Some of the ARMY's even go a long way to promote the band by selling their merchandise and aiding the group's popularity by promoting their album incessantly. In fact, the fun part is the fan chants where you can hear each of the member's names in a short period of time when there is either a dance or a rhythm break.

Of course, there are a lot more K-pop groups that are known in the US, such as Super Junior, Girls Generation, EXO, and Seventeen but BTS has still stolen the spotlight, being the first Asian group to ever get such huge recognition.

Next: BTS Member Suga Hints Of A New Album, And Fans Are Totally Excited