Broadcast date: May 27-28

 Starring: Twice, The Boyz, Super Junior, BTS

 



Nayeon of Twice went live on her way home, sharing her enthusiasm about the pending release of new music from the band.“I thought I was almost there, about 10 minutes away, but found out that it would take 50 minutes. So I turned on the V Live,” she said.After checking the date and the day of the week, she happily reminded fans that there were only four days left to wait for the new music.“We’ve been preparing since way before, since April, and it feels odd,” confided the idol.Everything will be revealed June 1, she went on in response to fans’ messages, suggesting that the fans shower, go to bed and wait for some hints later that night.Nayeon asked fans how they liked the teaser trailer for the music video and told them she and her bandmates still were not satisfied with it, even after shooting it, and were perfecting the choreography. The choreography is physically demanding and hard to master, she admitted.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/193506.Sunwoo of The Boyz chatted with fans for almost two hours while sitting in a parked car.“Some of the bandmates have dropped by (on V Live), New and Eric ... I found some time so here I am, too,” he said, showing off his new dark purple hair.He tried to tell New that he was livestreaming. New’s costume was caught on camera for a second, but he closed the door on his bandmate.“He’s not listening. ... New is sulking. I don’t know why but he sometimes does and you just have to leave him alone,” said Sunwoo, munching on a sandwich.He confided that he was supposed to take a nap and rest in the car but he’d slept well the night before and wanted to communicate with fans.“Yes, I’m asking you to commend me,” said the performer, cupping his hand around his ear expectantly.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/193501.The bandmates of Super Junior played a game where they had to figure out who the “liars” were.While Shindong tried to explain the rules, Kyuhyun took a phone call. Puzzled, Donghae pointed out that the youngest band member was talking on the phone while on camera.But when Kyuhyun hung up and told everyone that the call was about the food they’d ordered -- seaweed rolls with cheese -- everyone chuckled and agreed that it was important.With Shindong as the host, the six members began playing the game. For each round, two artists would have to pretend to know the answer. As soon as they unfolded their small pieces of paper and learned their fates, the veteran idols looked at each other trying to read faces.Siwon and Eunhyuk suspected that Donghae was one of the liars, but Donghae told them he was always awkward. Kyuhyun looked at Yesung doubtfully, and Leeteuk asked Kyuhyun why he was shaking his legs.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/190838.Kpop Herald reporters Yim Hyun-su and Kwon Yae-rim gave BTS fans an up-close look at the band’s collaboration with Korean casualwear brand System the day the merchandise hit the stores.The 25-piece collection ranges from socks to hats and was inspired by “Blood, Sweat and Tears,” explained Kwon, adding that the song happened to be her personal favorite.The line features not only the song lyrics but quotes from Herman Hesse’s “Demian,” which inspired it. The message is not “in your face” but subtle, Yim said.The two walked around the store, zooming in on socks in fluorescent colors and picking out T-shirts with Hesse quotes -- in German and English -- on the back. Although the line includes both menswear and womenswear, the designs and sizes are rather gender fluid, commented Kwon as she tried on a black T-shirt.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/193264.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=