Have a burning beauty question? You've come to the right place. Every week, one of our beauty editors will answer readers' biggest skin-care, hair, and makeup questions in our new series, Ask a Beauty Editor.

Reader Question: Out of all the beauty tips you've learned from K-pop stars, which ones have you actually tried?

Over the past three years, dozens of K-pop stars have entrusted me their skin-care secrets to me. At times, they make me cringe. (Yes, I'm looking at you, Rocky, and your contact-solution-as face-wash trick.) Other times, I readily incorporate their tips into my own skin-care routine.

The top trick is not wearing makeup longer than you have to. Several idols, including TWICE's Jeongyeon, have told me they take off all their glitz and glam as soon as they are done performing. I now do about the same. As soon as I step into my apartment after work, I go to my bathroom to double cleanse, which is also K-pop stars' preferred method of makeup removal. I'm sure many of them have a pore-clogging ideology behind doing this, but for me, taking off my makeup is a relaxing ritual after a long day.

Toner has also become an absolute essential. Nearly everyone I've interviewed has told me they grab their favorite toner right after washing their face. Some, like SF9's Hwi Young and TWICE's Nayeon, even skip drying off their faces and go straight to toning.

Like Monsta X's Kihyun, I like to pat on the Cosrx Propolis Synergy Toner. Or if my skin is breaking out, I soak cotton pads in Then I Met You's Birch Milk Refining Toner and slap them onto my trouble spots like a quick pore-clearing sheet mask à la KARD's Jiwoo.

Reader Question: What do [K-pop stars] do when they have a surprise pimple on a big day?

The easiest remedy I've encountered is stick on pimple patches. (I'm a fan of Hero Cosmetics' Might Patch Invisible+.) Once, I was backstage with Pentagon, and one of the members had a cluster of acne stickers along his jawline. Once he went on stage, you couldn't even see them under the bright lights.

No one has ever admitted this to me, but I have a feeling many idols get cortisone shots for surprise pimples. While in Seoul recently, I visited a dermatology clinic many stars frequent and not only get this intel but also got a couple of shots for myself after breaking out from the 14-hour flight. The injections were incredibly painful, but the cystic pimples on my cheeks were gone in no time.

All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.

Read more editions of Ask a Beauty Editor:
• 4 Skin-Care Products to Help You Look More Awake Before Your Next Zoom Meeting
• How to Air-Dry Your Curls

Now, watch GOT7 try nine things they've never done before: