As America grapples with the outrage over another black person's death at the hands of police -- Floyd was suffocated by a Minneapolis police officer during an arrest -- the issue has gained notice around the world including in the Korean-music industry, an industry heavily inspired and influenced by black music and culture. While the first responses to the tragedy came from Korean-American and hip-hop artists, the impact has grown to many different artists using their platforms and encouraging their fans to donate, act as allies and take action in the name of Black Lives Matter. A number of K-pop acts have shared their feelings and hopes for justice on social media. See their posts and what causes they are supporting below.

Park's H1GHR Music hip-hop label announced they would be holding off on new-music releases planned for June 2-4 as part of the music industry's Black Out Tuesday. "H1GHR Music wishes for a world where all people are treated equally," the label captioned in a photo that showed their roster posing with "Black Lives Matter" posters. Legendary rapper Tiger JK quickly spoke out after the death of George Floyd, urging his followers to put pressure on Minneapolis mayor Jacob Frey via petitions and sharing updates on local Korean coverage.

Amber Liu shared that she has "been long sick of Trump constantly promoting racism. We need to stand together because our brothers & sisters of the black community are dying just for existing & no justice is being served." The singer-songwriter-producer and member of girl group f(x) shared links for ways to help the Black Lives Matter movement, words from black leaders and encouraging her followers to read a Twitter thread about racial violence from Langston League founder Erica Buddington.

Red Velvet's Yeri shared a post on her Instagram Story of the protests in America which leads to links to petitions to sign. Crush wrote on Instagram that "many artists and people around the world get so much inspiration by black culture and music including me. We have a duty to respect every race." The R&B singer-songwriter used the caption for an image that says "It is not enough to be quietly non-racist, now is the time to be vocally anti-racist." Crush also donated to the George Floyd Memorial Fund.

Tiffany Young showed her support by sharing a petition from Color of Change and tips on how to be an ally to her 8.1 million Instagram followers via her Instagram Story. pH-1, who is a part of Jay Park's H1GHR Music, said "I'm doing my best to help and support," along with his $3,000 donation Black Lives Matter via ActBlue and a link for others to help.

BM and Jiwoo of co-ed group KARD both showed their support for #BlackLivesMatter. "Black culture helped me find confidence and character," BM wrote to his Instagram followers with a link to donate to Black Lives Matter. "I fell in love with hip-hop and R&B from a very young age and it has given me character and confidence." Jiwoo shared a Korean-langauge post that explained what happened to George Floyd and a graphic by black print artist Danielle Coke. Zelo, a rapper and former member of boy band B.A.P, shared his support in both English and Korean while calling for "Justice for George Floyd."

Rapper-singer DPR Live wrote a message to fans saying he "spent the whole day yesterday reading up, learning and educating myself on the recent events taking place" before adding, "this injustice that took place not only regarding George Floyd but countless other innocent black men and women needs to stop once and for all. Right now, the black community needs more support and more awareness, both locally and globally."

Six members of girl group MOMOLAND showed solidarity with Minneapolis and #BlackLivesMatter with messages on their personal Instagram accounts. "I've always hated racism and will forever stand against it," member Ahin wrote. "This news is very upsetting but I am so proud and grateful for everyone that have stood up for this. Special thanks to our Merries [MOMOLAND's fandom name] for sharing this link." Solo star Samuel Kim shared photos from the protests in America as well as the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter on Instagram.

Singer Lee Hi shared a graphic on her Instagram Story that showed her solidarity that said "I'm not black, but I see you...I'm not black but I will fight for you." Kevin Woo, a solo singer who is a former member of boy band U-KISS, shared multiple pieces of supportive content and ways to help the Black Lives Matter movement. He also posted the 2016 speech from Zianna Oliphant, the child who spoke out against Charlotte's city leadership, on Instagram too.

Rapper-singer Miso encouraged her followers to donate and read about the Black Lives Matter movement. " I ask my followers to go to this link and sign the petitions, donate, do whatever you can," she said with a link to ways to help. "Please read into Black lives matter now if you don’t know already."