K-pop superstars BTS have been forced to apologise over a song featuring the voice of cult leader Jim Jones who massacred hundreds of people in 1978 by ordering them to drink poison.

The seven-piece South Korean boy band released a statement through their management company on Sunday after a torrent of social media backlash for the song 'What do you think' by Min Yoong-gi, 27, who is known by his stage names Suga and Agust D.

The song uses a muffled audio sample from a speech used by American preacher-turned cult leader Jones in Philadelphia in 1977.

The sermon was recorded one year before Jones and his inner circle directed 900 of his followers, 304 of whom were children, to drink cyanide-laced punch in a mass murder-suicide at Jonestown, his jungle temple in Guyana.

The sample says: '… though you are dead, yet you shall live, and he that liveth and believeth shall never die'.

In a statement, Agust D's managers Big Hit said: 'The spoken sound sample of a speech inserted at the beginning of What Do You Think? was selected by a producer who worked on the track for the song in consideration of the overall ambience of the song, without specific intention or awareness of the identity of the individual whose voice is featured.

'After the sound sample was selected, Big Hit proceeded with verification of the suitability of the content as per internal procedures. However, an oversight occurred during the selection and review process, and the sound sample was included in the song without awareness of its extremely inappropriate nature.

'In this instance, we did not properly identify the issue, nor did we have sufficient understanding of the historical and social backgrounds and circumstances. We apologize to anyone who experienced pain and discomfort due to our oversight.

'Big Hit removed the section immediately after identifying the issue and the track was re-released. The artist is considerably disconcerted that an issue with such gravity has occurred that he could not foresee, and feels a profound sense of responsibility.'

The track has been updated across platforms to remove Jones' sermon.

Despite the apology, some fans are convinced that the sample was chosen on purpose, the Korea Herald reported.

One BTS fan from Texas, Celeste Hollister, told the Herald: 'I don't believe that Yoongi (Suga) meant any harm in sampling that speech. Like many rappers before him, he is using an emotionally-charged speech to underscore the feeling of the song.'

'He is not endorsing Jim Jones in any way,' she added.

In 2018, BTS were under fire after one member Jimin was photographed wearing a T-shirt celebrating Korean independence from Japan.

The offending shirt featured a picture of a mushroom cloud from an atomic bomb and featured the phrase 'PATRIOTISM OURHISTORY LIBERATION KOREA' repeated multiple times.