While ideally, this year would have been earmarked by K-pop rendezvous, the lockdown has forced many to lock t...

The global popularity of South Korean culture, often known as the Korean wave , is quite prevalent in Chennai, thanks to the growing number of K-pop fans in the city. While ideally, this year would have been earmarked by K-pop rendezvous, the lockdown has forced many to lock their talent indoors. However, in the past few days, Chennaiites channeled their fandom through a virtual dance-off. 

Conducted by the Consulate General of the Republic of Korea in Chennai, the dance competition was a way to engage with the K-pop fans during the lockdown. Hong-yup Lee, the Deputy Consul General, tells us, “This year, the Consulate had fantastic events lined up in Chennai. But due to the lockdown and social distancing, we now count on social media to depict our K-culture.” 

For Jeongyeon Choi , an 11-year-old South Korean from the city, the competition was a fun nod to her culture. “I am naturally a huge fan of K-pop,” laughs Jeongyeon, who was one of the two winners of the competition. “I have not been out for months because of this lockdown. My mom saw this activity and asked me to participate in the event. This was also a nice memory to make with my family,” she adds. 

Rhea, a medical student and vlogger from the city, is a regular at K-pop events and fan meet-ups in the city. And for her, the event was more about the feeling of being one with the community than winning. “I was drawn to K-pop around four years ago, when I was preparing for my NEET exams. I had logged off all social media accounts, except for YouTube. That is when I discovered K-pop, which ended up being a positive break for me,” Rhea recollects. 

The fan culture of K-pop goes much beyond good taste in music and dance, she adds. Iconic K-pop group BTS recently donated $1 million to the official charity funds of the Black Lives Matter movement. Within 24 hours of the announcement, fandoms of the boy band became a surprising ally and matched the donation on Twitter. “Things like this make the K-pop fandom extremely interesting,” Rhea notes. 

K-pop is a part of Korean culture, a culture that is known for its love for family, adds the Deputy Consul General. “I believe that is the reason why young Chennaiites like K-pop rather than American or British music,” he says. 

This was also why IT professional Nara got hooked to K-pop. “But my interest stemmed from K-dramas, which have brilliant stories to tell,” she adds.