Today it’s easy to forget that TWICE, one of K-pop’s biggest idol acts, first became famous in Korea through Sixteen, a reality audition program. The show aired nationally on Mnet in 2015, just months before their debut. Back then, the now-nine members were part of the show’s 16 teenage trainees at JYP, one of South Korea’s largest entertainment agencies.

In every episode, the girls — insecure and scared about their future — practiced dancing and singing for hours, often past midnight. The girls were divided into “Majors” and “Minors,” with the former receiving preferential treatment, like better housing and direct mentorship from JYP celebrities. Each week, one trainee was eliminated from the latter group. Many, many tears were shed. “You’re too fat,” “I find the other girl more attractive,” “I can see through your lack of confidence,” judges would say.

“The idea I had [of TWICE] was healthiness,” said Park Jin-young, the founder of JYP, five years later. He talked about the group’s journey in TWICE: Seize the Light, a recently released YouTube Original series highlighting the group’s first world tour visiting America in 2019.

“It wasn’t just about having beautiful looks,” said Park, who was also the main judge and presenter of Sixteen. In one memorable episode, he even gave the girls a lecture on character development, which is actually a common part of JYP’s (and some other companies’) idol trainee curriculum.

“What would it be like to show kids who have healthy, beautiful minds? What would it be like to share with the public, through music and other contents, how they are growing up diligently and uprightly?” Park said in the YouTube documentary.

Despite their brutally competitive creation story on reality TV, TWICE, who released their ninth mini-album MORE & MORE on June 1, seems determined to convey a healthy, happy image through music. Their numerous hits, like the 2016 single Cheer Up, which won Song of the Year at the Mnet Asian Music Awards, Knock Knock, Likey, Yes or Yes (and many more) are fun, bubbly and happy. The girls, often clad in shiny, colorful outfits, smile brightly at the camera while dancing to upbeat music.

“In albums like What is Love and TT, we were bright and full of energy,” TWICE rapper and singer Dahyun tells Teen Vogue in a group Zoom interview in May (the interview has been translated from Korean to English). “In this album, MORE & MORE, we want to show you a more mature TWICE.”

MORE & MORE features seven songs that tell a story of youthful energy and confidence. “The title track is about trying to win someone else’s heart,” says member Nayeon. “MORE & MORE is animated, full of confidence, even cute; in contrast, the dancing is incredibly powerful and energetic.”

“No, I want it; I’ll stop the sugarcoated words, ‘cause I deserve it,” the girls sing in the title track, which features an impressive line-up of composers including Grammy-nominee MNEK, Swedish songwriter Zara Larsson, and Justin Tranter and Julia Michaels (both of whom have written for Britney Spears, Selena Gomez, and Justin Bieber, to name a few).

“We didn’t work directly with these composers,” says member Chaeyoung, who wrote the rap lyrics to the album’s last track, “Sweet Summer Day.” “Our company has an A&R (artists and repertoire) team. We’re pleased to have received so many great songs in this album.”