Alienation is not a feature of Gen Z experience — it is the overarching context. And it is likely to have profound impacts on their politics and all of our lives. Perhaps the largest fissure in the generation’s formative years — the coronavirus pandemic — is still evolving. What, for example, are the results of a year or two of young adulthood lost to social distancing due to a pandemic? Or of graduating into a potential economic depression behind a generation that graduated into a recession?

We understand this uncertainty and realize the stakes are high. Which is probably a reason academics and journalists like me have so closely scrutinized social media platforms and the notion of algorithmic radicalization. It’s not that we think people are easily brainwashed. It’s that like millennials, Gen Z has been thrust into a destabilized era dominated by fractured media distribution systems. And these systems are easily hijacked by opportunists, creating the perfect conditions for insurgent ideas to latch on.

But, as happens with most online communities, there’s a great deal of mythologizing and flattening. Abby Ohlheiser at the MIT Technology Review put it best this weekend in a tweet: “ … older generations of liberals are now talking about teens and Kpop fans in the same way that Trump boomers talk about 4chan: as vigilante forces they love but don’t understand.”

Reality is more complicated. In a recent article Ms. Ohlheiser quotes Keidra Chaney, a culture writer, who notes that white K-pop fans have received the bulk of credit in the press for the fandom’s anti-racist activism, obscuring the contributions and experiences of black fans. Ms. Chaney told Ms. Ohlheiser that it “feels like a punch in the gut — that we are being used for our social currency and then discarded.”

And the causes that Gen Z has rallied around are more widely varied than the recent excitement over the Trump rally ticket protest would suggest. Yes, there are the youth climate-strike movement and the Parkland kids. In recent weeks, young Americans have poured into the streets to protest racial injustice and police violence against black Americans — 52 percent of all adults who have protested are between the ages of 18 and 29, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation survey. Across Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter and TikTok, the same generation has organized donations and resources for protesters and are calling out their peers for racist behavior.

But members of the same generation are most likely also fueling far-right message board trolls, nihilist “Doomer” groups and extremist online communities with a disdain for political correctness. Their platforms of choice like TikTok still brim with unchecked extremist content and far-right conspiracy theories. These politics may not be evenly distributed but, as a recent Pew Research Center survey suggests, “members of Gen Z look similar to millennials in their political preferences,” which suggests that online extremism associated with millennials is likely to evolve in this successive generation.

And then there’s the unknown: A 2019 Business Insider survey of over 1,800 Gen Zers revealed that a majority did not identify as either conservative or liberal, a result of either indecision or disillusion or both. And yes, there’s speculation about how they’ll vote and in what numbers they’ll turn out. But regardless of their relationship to the ballot box, their politics and messaging abilities will have an outsize impact on culture.