Ahead of today's drop of her new single, “pporappippam 보라빛 밤”, K-pop star Sunmi sat down with Vogue Korea to share the Korean skin-care essentials she keeps in her Louis Vuitton purse. Although she noted her lineup is recommended for those whose skin "feels dry inside," I'm sure it will help anyone achieve Sunmi's clear, dewy complexion.

The first product she pulled out of her bag was the Dr. Jart Vital Hydra Solution Biome Toner. "I think I went through five of these already," Sunmi revealed. After washing off her makeup, she pats it on to help smooth her skin. Sadly, the prebiotic-spiked fluid isn't available in America yet.

Sunmi's next pick was the Dermatory Pro Hyal Shot Moisture Ampoule, which plumps skin and lock in moisture with ceramides and sodium hyaluronate, a derivative of hyaluronic acid with a lower molecular weight for quicker, deeper absorption. She mixes it with the Korean brand's Pro Hyal 100% Hyaluron Cube, which is a solid, pure square of hydrolyzed hyaluronic acid, to create what she calls a "moisture bomb" for her skin. You can shop the duo as a kit on Olive Young's website.

For an extra layer of hydration, she slathers on the Dr. Jart Cicapair Cream. The fragrance-free moisturizer "helps with soothing irritated skin," she explains. Even Allure editors in America and Korea can attest to how calming and nourishing the centella asiatica-infused cream is. We're also partial to the serum from the same line.

To combat breakouts, Sunmi always keeps a bottle of the Mediheal A-Zero Shot Pink Dressing in her purse. Like the classic Mario Badescu Drying Lotion, it's a pink calamine-and-sulfur powder topped with a liquid layer of salicylic acid and tea tree oil. She mentioned she dabs it on whenever she gets a pimple (or pops one).

Her favorite lip balm from Dior, the Lip Glow in 006 Berry, made an appearance, too. Although the it looks purple in the tube, Sunmi swears it's more of a toned-down pink on lips.

The singer also shared the $115 Italian body lotion she's on the third bottle of: the Santa Maria Novella Idrasol Cream. The rich formula has a warm rose gardenia scent that clings to her clothes because she uses it so often.

The lone hair-care product Sunmi brought to the shoot was the conditioner she's been using a lot lately: the Le Labo Hinoki Conditioner.

You can watch the full video below to catch Sunmi's fashion essentials and favorite snacks.

All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.
• None Sunmi Will Change Your Mind About Pigtails
• None Watercolor Eye Makeup Is Trending Everywhere Right Now With the Help of Sunmi
• None 5 Stunning Makeup Looks From Sunmi's Music Video for "Siren"

Now, watch Eric Name try nine things he's never done before: