The renowned K-Pop girl group, TWICE, is back after nine months with their latest mini-album, More And More. The new mini-album features all nine members of TWICE, Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu.

More And More happens to be TWICE's ninth album, which they released today, on June 01, 2020, along with a high octane music video that was adored by their massive fan following.

K-Pop girl group TWICE drops their latest music video for More And More

Also Read | K-pop Artists Collaborate With UNESCO To Spread Awareness On COVID-19; Watch

Above is the official music video for More And More that was shared online by JYP Entertainment's YouTube Channel. The video was released on June 01, 2020, and it already has over 2.8 million views on YouTube. More And More is also available on Spotify, Apple Music, iTunes, TWICE's Official Shop.

More And More was composed by Uzoechi Emenike, Justin Tranter, Julia Michaels, and Zara Larsson. Park Jin Young and BIBI worked to pen down the lyrics for the K-Pop Song.

Also Read | K-Pop Star Kim Jaejoong Claims The COVID-19 Prank On April Fool's Was To Spread Awareness

More And More's music video features all nine members of TWICE. As soon as the video begins, all nine members of the group appear on screen in a surrealistic fantasy jungle. One of the strongest points of the music video is its visuals. The jungle backdrop for TWICE's More And More is colourful, charming, and extravagant.

Similar to other songs from TWICE, More And More is full of high energy beats and lyrics. The upbeat song has both Korean as well as English lyrics. All nine members of TWICE also show off their brilliant dance moves in the music video for More And More. In fact, many fans in the comment section of the video felt like TWICE's amazing dance was the highlight of More And More.

More And More happens to be TWICE's comeback song, as they K-pop Girl Group was dormant for the past nine months. TWICE's last song was Feel Special that was released on September 23, 2019. Meanwhile, a few days ago, on May 28, 2020, TWICE's Dahyun celebrated her 22nd birthday. On the occasion of her birthday, she treated her fans by playing the piano and singing her solo version of Feel Special.

Also Read | BTS Band's Staggering Net Worth Shows Why They Rule The World Of K-POP; Details Here

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.