Watching videos of police brutality takes a physical, emotional, and mental toll on the Black community in a way that no other community will ever be able to understand. The recent videos of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, and Christian Cooper have flooded our social media feeds; they’ve been almost too much to endure. In processing that pain, it’s doubtful that any Black K-pop fan was thinking to themselves, “I wonder what BTS thinks of this?”

However, as many western celebrities used their platforms to show outrage over the police killing of George Floyd, Korean idol group members such as Jae from Day6 and Mark from GOT7 openly donated early to the Minnesota Freedom Fund and to the George Floyd memorial fund, respectively — and the silence of other K-pop groups became louder. Many on Twitter started to wonder, where was the rest of the K-pop industry?

On Thursday, June 4, a slew of Korean pop music’s major players finally broke their silence. BTS, ATEEZ, and Monsta X sent out tweets within hours of each other, each showing support for Black Lives Matter. Many Black fans, myself included, were relieved to finally see their messages of support. Others, meanwhile, thought their tweets were disingenuous due to the length of time it took them to speak out. Altogether, the discussions raised these questions: Are K-pop stars obligated to publicly show support for racial equality? And do they owe anything to Black fans?

It’s not easy being Black and being a K-pop fan. K-pop stans and Black Lives Matter have often been used in the same sentence this week, as fans smother police surveillance apps and take over racist hashtags with fancams. Simultaneously, Black K-pop fans have been gaslit by members of their own fandoms when they dare to raise real concerns. That’s caused a lot of dedicated Black fans to leave fandoms or fade into the background. It’s not easy to enjoy a space that is unwelcoming.

On Twitter, people have wondered whether it’s right to ask Korean artists to speak on the recent protests, which stemmed from the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis. Many of the initial K-pop artists supporting BLM were Tablo from Epik High (who is Korean-Canadian), and Jay Park, Jessi, and Eric Nam, who are all Korean-American. But anti-Black racism isn’t only an American thing.

Further, it’s valid to ask Korean pop and hip-hop artists to use their platform to bring awareness Black Lives Matter, because K-pop has a fraught history with cultural appropriation. When an artist uses Black culture for their financial gain, is it not their duty to advocate against Black suffering?

Seo Taiji, who is credited by many as one of the founders of modern K-pop, integrated Black American dance-oriented R&B and hip-hop into his music videos. As Vulture notes, Seo Taiji himself “inherited” the style from acts like “Korea’s first hip-hop star” Hyeon Jin-yeong and Wawa; in the early ‘90s, up-and-coming Korean hip-hop stars danced to New Jack Swing. It’s a trend that has only continued, with K-pop groups today frequently incorporating rap into the songs they release, and K-pop companies basing entire group concepts off those genres. Meanwhile, they collaborate with Black artists: G-Dragon and Missy Elliott, CL and the Black Eyed Peas, Wonder Girls and Akon, BTS and Nicki Minaj. BTS even learned about hip-hop culture from West Coast rappers Warren G and Coolio for a show called American Hustle Life back in 2014.