K-pop has had a beneficial yet uneasy relationship with black culture. Many successful K-pop artists eagerly adopt hip-hop beats and flows, street fashion, dance traditions and R&B vocal runs. While some have been open about the influence, most have yet to acknowledge the roots and culture that helped make them successful, and many never will.

Though demographics are slowly changing, South Korea is a historically homogeneous country where nuances of race and racism often go undetected. In K-pop, this void has led to egregious moments like artists wearing blackface, using mocking accents and appropriating braids and dreadlocks in songs and videos. When it’s pointed out, public apologies are swiftly made but lessons remain unlearned.

As international outrage grew after four Minneapolis police officers were charged in the death of George Floyd, an African American father and security guard, some of K-pop’s biggest stars are finally coming to acknowledge the debt owed to African American culture while raising money and awareness for memorial funds and the Black Lives Matter movement.

K-pop artist and drag princess Soju, who cofounded the quarterly San Francisco K-pop party Seoul Train, recently tagged Korean music companies in an open letter posted on Twitter, asking hard questions about appropriation, reading in part, “It breaks my heart that the K-pop industry I love and cherish profits so much from the Black community, but still refuses to stand up for them. What do the agencies have to lose by voicing their support?”

Soju, who competed on season 11 of “RuPaul’s Drag Race,” told The Chronicle that he was inspired to write the letter after feeling the support from black K-pop fans he has met, as well as wanting to start a conversation about societal antiblack sentiments that persist in Korea and systemic silence on social issues in K-pop.

“They can show that they’re not just appropriating but appreciating, that they’re standing with us,” Soju said. “It’s 2020, and we’re sick and tired of watching our idols be robots. They’re not robots; they’re human beings with opinions and they should be able to express themselves.”

Soju’s letter revealed a not-so-hidden side of the K-pop industry. Many artists are pressured not to speak out for fear of alienating audiences, so as not to affect the bottom line. Denise, an American member of rookie K-pop group Secret Number, recently removed a heartfelt BLM post on Instagram and fans found her personal account deactivated, fueling speculation that her record company made her take it down (a theory exists that the company was deactivating the members’ accounts to focus on the group account). It mirrors similar actions taken after the 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting where rainbow-laced sympathy posts made by K-pop stars were removed and replaced with more general messages, minus the rainbow. (South Korea also lags behind on LGBTQ acceptance, but artists like Holland are helping to change that.)

But as K-pop has risen into the seventh most popular music genre in the world and the outrage that started in Minneapolis spread worldwide, so has a burgeoning consciousness among its fans.

In the Bay Area, one of the top touring destinations for K-pop behind New York and Los Angeles, local dance groups Eclipse and K-pop Up put out messages of outrage and solidarity. The BTS fan group Bay Area BTSxARMY has also donated profits from crafts sales to Black Visions Collective, an organization “dedicated to Black liberation.”

Add this to the growing number of K-pop stars — BTS, Monsta X, Jay Park, Eric Nam, GOT7’s Mark Tuan, DAY6’s Jae, Amber Liu, Tiffany Young and NCT 127’s Johnny — who have used social media to raise awareness and dollars. KARD’s American-born rapper BM posted a personal message on his Instagram story, “Black culture helped me find confidence and character.” Crush, a K-pop idol who sings R&B, wrote, “Many artists and people around the world get so much inspiration by black culture and music including me. We have a duty to respect every race.” And last week, BTS and their management company Big Hit Entertainment donated $1 million to Black Lives Matter, an amount matched by their global ARMY fanbase in 24 hours.

Many more participated in Blackout Tuesday, temporarily halting their social media posts to educate themselves and encourage others to do the same, including “Gangnam Style” creator Psy.

In a crazy twist, K-pop fans have been weaponizing “fancams,” sending out videos and GIFs of their favorite performers to flood police departments seeking footage of protesters misbehaving and to drown out hashtags that run counter to BLM’s goals. Such actions show small steps taken toward the bigger picture: to recognize and honor the role of black excellence in K-pop’s evolution while pledging solidarity with Black Lives Matter and the search for justice.