Girls' Generation may not be making music as a united group at the moment, but former member Jessica Jung is stepping into a new spotlight on her own: her first novel, Shine, comes out later this year, and Teen Vogue has an exciting new excerpt.

The novel tells the story of Korean-American teenager Rachel Kim, who has been training with the fictional Korean idol company DB Entertainment for six years. As she awaits her chance to debut, Rachel deals with competitiveness, friend drama, and of course, love.

“Shine was born because I wanted to tell the truth about my experience, the way only good fiction can," Jessica tells Teen Vogue, referencing her own experiences as a trainee and eventual K-pop star in Girls' Generation and as a solo artist. “But I also wanted to create good entertainment, like I’ve been doing my whole life, and I know that entertainment means blending real details with great storytelling and giving all the characters their own plots to follow."

"I wanted this big ensemble cast of great teen characters like in Gossip Girl, but based on all the people I grew up with and trained with. Oh, and romance – there had to be romance! So this project is the perfect blend of the kinds of shows and books I love, mixed with real things that happened to me and real information about the K-pop world.”

Check out an exclusive excerpt of the book below. Shine will be available for purchase on Sept. 29, 2020.

DB Entertainment’s training campus is exactly like the K-pop stars it churns out: flawless, sparkling, and pretty much impossible to look away from. It’s prime real estate in the heart of Cheongdam-dong, the capital of K-pop. In the summer, trainees gather for yoga and Pilates on the rooftop garden, fighting over the coveted umbrella-covered spots to avoid even the hint of a sun blemish. Inside, giant fountains with spring water flown in directly from Seoraksan grace the teakwood and marble-clad lobbies. The DB execs claim the fountains are there to help us channel our inner peace in order to achieve our highest potential—but we all know what a joke that is. There’s no inner peace to be had here.

Especially not with the yearbook staring you in the face every day.

The yearbook (so named because most of the trainees here never get the chance to have an actual high school yearbook) is what we call the walls surrounding the fountain in the central wing lobby, decorated with framed photos of every single K-pop star who’s debuted out of DB’s training program. Their picture-perfect smiles and glossy hair remind us mere trainee mortals of what we aspire to be every day as we scurry from class to class. And smack in the middle of the wall—the one place we all hope to see ourselves someday—is a gold plaque with the names of every DB solo star or group who’s had a song debut at #1 on the Seoul music charts.