Welcome to FTW Explains: a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world.

This week we saw massive protests across the country in the wake of the killing of George Floyd, who died after a police officer in Minneapolis sustained pressure to Floyd’s neck for over eight minutes. The officer, Derek Chauvin, has now been arrested on third-degree murder charges.

One of the more bizarre subplots of the week has been the activation of K-pop stans on the internet for progressive causes during the protests. The story is very of the internet and a bit confusing even for people who spend Way Too Much Time Online, so we’re here to explain it all for you.

OK, so who is involved here?

What is K-pop? And actually, uh, what are stans?

K-pop is shorthand for a genre of popular music based in South Korea. Stans = devoted fans. The name which is derived in part from an Eminem song about a fan who crosses the line into obsession.

K-pop stans are devoted fans of pop bands in the genre such as BTS or BLACKPINK.

K-pop stans have gotten known in internet circles for peculiar, some might argue aggressive ways of expressing their extreme fandom. One way they show their devotion to these bands is by taking over hashtags and posting dozens, if not hundreds, of videos and GIFs of the bands, even if the hashtag is completely unrelated to the band itself, or even K-pop generally.

Got it. What does any of this have to do with the protests?

Some members of the K-pop community have basically chosen to weaponize their intense, collective fan power to overwhelm hashtags that are typically reserved for content that is either pro-police or pro-right wing.

They’ve also started inundating apps that were built by police departments to allow citizens to report crimes.

What do you mean by “overwhelm” and “inundate?”

Basically, a hashtag is only as effective as the content that is organized under it. We saw unintended consequences of that very this this week with the #BlackoutTuesday movement that saw the #blacklivesmatter hashtag, which normally serves as a way for protestors to communicate and share information, overwhelmed with all black squares. Anyone who usually used the hashtag to keep informed on the movement couldn’t use it — there were just black squares everywhere.

K-pop fans have taken that power to the other side. Hashtags or apps that authorities may try to use to track protestors is now unusable, as it’s just packed to the gills with videos of Korean pop stars or memes.

Where have they deployed their spamming?

One place they activated was against the Kirkland, Washington police department, which asked users to use the hashtag #calmkirkland to report incidents “related to public rioting or looting.”

This is just a glimpse at posts tagged with the #calmkirkland hashtag on Wednesday morning:

K-pop fans have also inundated the #bluelivesmatter hashtag, as well as an online portal the Grand Rapids police department set up to report picture or video evidence of “unrest.”

This all seems very complicated and confusing.