There are four useful lessons that businesses can learn from K-pop's digital transformation success, says a UNSW Business School expert

K-pop has become a thriving cultural and global enterprise because the industry invested in technologies that enabled creative communication between fans and content producers, says Dr Felix Tan.

K-pop (Korean pop) is not just a music genre; it is a global phenomenon. Hailed as "South Korea's greatest export" by Time magazine, it is one of the most lucrative industries in the world.

But how has K-pop become such a thriving cultural and global enterprise? Felix Tan, Senior Lecturer in the School of Information Systems and Technology Management at UNSW Business School, says digital transformation has driven much of K-pop's industry change towards success in recent years.

Together with colleagues, Dr Tan set out to find how the digital transformation of ecosystems unfolded within the K-pop industry from 2015 to 2018. Their paper Digital transformation of business ecosystems: Evidence from the Korean pop industry was published by the Informations System Journal in April this year.

So what role has IT played in accelerating K-pop's success, and what lessons can companies take away from its digital transformation success?

K-pop's robust business ecosystem consists of an array of stakeholders who all have different interests and roles in making it a success: artists, entertainment companies, media, fans, digital platforms and event managers. Some have been present in the business ecosystem for a long time, while others joined more recently as the industry started to incorporate the use of IT, explains Dr Tan.

Because technology helps shift boundaries, it also enables the commercialisation of innovation, allowing for the development and creation of new interdependencies between the existing stakeholders of a business ecosystem.

The crucial role of IT, and the digital platforms that support these technologies, is to drive the reshaping of boundary practices and these essential practices enable the formation and transformation of new business ecosystems, explains Dr Tan.

"[So] when we talk about the role of technologies, it is really to enable these new interdependencies and new capabilities for commercialising innovations within that business ecosystem to be developed," he says.

The researchers also discuss the importance of platforms in allowing for the commoditisation of creative content.

"The commoditisation of creativity invites different stakeholders within a business ecosystem to come together and join in core innovation to build effective content generation and delivery," explains Dr Tan.

The success of K-pop has also proven that language barriers don't matter; instead, it is the clever use of technology for the public dissemination, consumption and commodification of the creative content that leads to success.

"It is also developing a template in which people can readily consume this creative content – technology plays a huge part here," he says.

Another key takeaway that businesses can utilise is to create thoughtful digital identities through technology.

"It makes it easier for consumers to understand your value proposition and your value creation process," says Dr Tan. He suggests businesses must have considered dialogues and engage with the customers if they are to stay relevant and survive in the new era.

Businesses must invest in technology that allows them to create more relevant content and deliver better processes – another thing the K-pop industry has done so well.

"Businesses must treat data as a new currency [and] use data to enable new partnerships, new ways of commercialising innovations and fixing customer problems," continued Dr Tan.

The paper also highlights that IT-enabled multidirectional communications among fans, content providers and content producers played a huge role in K-pop's success. Much like how K-pop relies on its engaged fan base, companies should learn from this by creating spaces for more meaningful dialogues with their customers, as businesses cannot be silent.

Platforms can change the way people consume information. "Twitter and Facebook became the leading platforms for fans to share information and news about artists, including behind‐the‐scenes footage for weekly music shows, fan‐subbed material and images taken by fans," explains Dr Tan.

Notably, Korean became the seventh language that Twitter supported from 2010 when the social media platform partnered with Korean web portal Daum to display Korean tweets.

"So what the platforms that Facebook and Twitter do, is that they reduce the search costs of suppliers and consumers of the business to a very low level, so the barriers of entry to this content are very low," says Dr Tan.

But the platform also must maintain a close dialogue with consumers and suppliers of the content. "Hence, what is created is exactly what the consumers want and what the consumers are willing to pay for," continues Dr Tan.

"The lasting impact of this has been that there are now new ways of creation and commercialising ideas and innovation; there will be new economic communities, interactive organisations and individuals that are created as a result of the digital transformation between 2010 to 2018," he adds.

Indeed, K-pop utilises technology in a way that enables the development and transformation of an existing business ecosystem, and Dr Tan suggests this process can be applied to several industries, and not just K-pop.

For the full article 4 lessons in digital transformation from the lucrative K-pop industry, visit BusinessThink which shares the latest UNSW Business School research stories, analysis, evidence-based opinion and insights