It’s a truth universally acknowledged that there is no force quite as powerful as Internet fandoms, something K-pop fans have confirmed in their unexpected battle against white supremacy and in support of Black Lives Matter.

While the community has used its power for good in the past, the legion of fans has banded together - taking down Twitter hashtags including #WhiteLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter with dreamy music videos of their favourite Korean music idols.

In a show of support for the Black Lives Matter movement, prominent accounts in the K-pop community urged fans to refrain from tweeting out the names of their favourite celebrities to make space for the anti-racist movement on Twitter trends.

A prominent Blackpink fan account tweeted, “To all BLINKs and BP fanbases! Please stop using the tagline so we can all show our respects for George Floyd. Instead let's put our energy into fighting for justice, signing petitions, and spreading awareness. I hope everyone understands, please and thank you. #BlackLivesMatter”

Fans also coordinated efforts to spam an app designed by the Dallas Police Department, a space for Dallas residents to submit videos to tip off the police department about “criminal activity.”

After fears were raised that the videos submitted may be used to charge protestors, K-pop fans urged one another to “download the app and send all your fancams!!” to overload it.

A fan tweeted, “SEND THEM ALL!!! MAKE THEIR JOBS AS HARD AS POSSIBLE!!! GET THEM FRUSTRATED!!! MAKE THEM TAKE DOWN THE APP!!!”

Following an onslaught of submitted fancams, the Dallas Police Department later tweeted that it was experiencing “technical difficulties” and wrote that the app would be “down temporarily.”

Fans also targeted the hashtag #WhiteOutWednesday, which was set up by critics of the Black Lives Matter movement in response to Black Out Tuesday.

Speaking to Esquire, one fan identified only as Beth said, “I would like to be clear that we are doing this to support the Black Lives Matter movement, and we stand in solidarity with them.”

After White Lives Matter supporters transitioned into a new hashtag called #WhiteLifeMatter to escape the fandom, K-pop fans were swift to catch on and continued to drown out the new hashtag with videos.

However, the stars K-pop fans idolise have drawn controversy themselves, with various pop groups called out for not speaking out on the Black Lives Matter movement (some have since released statements).

High profile K-pop stars and groups have in the past been criticised of culturally appropriating from the black community, with EXO star Kai’s use of dreadlocks and BTS star J-Hope’s video 'Chicken Noodle Soup' coming under fire.

Other stars have also been criticised for openly racist posts, including Big Bang’s Taeyang who in 2016 wished his fans a “happy monkey new year” and posted a picture of his face combined with Kanye West’s and G-Dragon being accused of blackface in the wake of Trayvon Martin’s death.

Taeyang later apologised and G-Dragon’s rep claimed that the blackface picture was a “HUGE misunderstanding” and was “in no way meant to be a political or racial statement.”

Amber Liu, who has also recently shown support for the Black Lives Matter community, has also been criticised after comments she made about the arrest of a black man named Steve Foster in 2019 resurfaced.