Yesterday, K-Pop boy group ATEEZ, who debuted in late 2018 under KQ Entertainment, received backlash online after releasing a concept photo from their upcoming mini album, ZERO: FEVER Part.1. The photo in question, posted to the group's social channels at midnight KST on July 14, showed group leader Hongjoong sporting neon blue cornrows. Less than a day after the original post, KQ Entertainment has released a statement addressing concerns from fans and apologizing for the inclusion of the hairstyle, which fans pointed out was a clear example of cultural appropriation.

In the statement, released on ATEEZ's Daum Fanclub in both Korean and English, KQ Entertainment wrote that, "Hongjoong’s hair in the Title #2 image was styled in consideration of the concept of the song, without any other particular purposes. Therefore, ATEEZ and we, KQ Entertainment, did not have any intention of commercializing or depreciating other cultures at all."

"Through the issues and the opinions from our fans, we have become fully aware of the concerns and seriousness of this issue," the company continued. "From now on, we, KQ Entertainment, will try our best to fully review and check the historical backgrounds, characteristics, and the cultures in the production process. We will not create issues that were not intended or expected."

Cornrows are a style of flat braiding originated and used by Black people; its origins date back hundreds of years, since pre-colonization Africa. This protective style — called such as it helps protect Black hair from the sun and heat as well as ease daily management — isn’t just one that’s been appropriated by Korean idols and hip-hop artists. The braided style has also been appropriated by celebrities in the U.S. such as Kim Kardashian (multiple times) and her sister Kylie Jenner, Justin Timberlake, and countless "pop princesses."

KQ Entertainment’s statement assures that, mainly thanks to the fans using their voices, Hongjoong’s cornrows will not make an appearance when ATEEZ participates in any upcoming promotions for the album (such as virtual fan signs or broadcasted music show performances).

While KQ Entertainment states that they did not have any intention of “commercializing” other cultures with the hairstyle choice, images of Hongjoong donning the cornrows will remain present in parts of already completed promotional material (such as the concept photos included in the album’s booklet and photo cards that fans are expected to get at the end of the month, as well as the upcoming main music video release). As a result, fans essentially will be paying for material that shows Hongjoong with cornrows, whether or not KQ Entertainment intended to commercialize this aspect of Black culture.