Meredith has affiliate partnerships. These do not influence editorial content, though Meredith may earn commissions for products purchased via affiliate links.

The dorm is smaller than my room at home, but there are two sets of bunk beds plus one other bed, and no windows. It looks like a very girly bomb has gone off, scattering mounds of tops and panties and makeup and skincare products all over. Amid the piles of debris are three of the most gorgeous creatures I’ve ever seen. They jump to attention and bow to greet Manager Kong.

The girl in the far corner, who looks kind of like a cartoon character, flashes me a twinkly smile. She’s wearing heavy eyeliner and has two bushy pigtails streaked with pink and blue that look like they’re straight out of anime. A girl who’s rocking black lipstick and a black trucker hat that inexplicably says powder pup lifts her chin at me; she has the one non-bunk bed. And the most stunning girl of all, whose long cascading locks of hair have been dyed a delicate strawberry blond, barely even looks at me as she mumbles, “Ahnyung.”

“That’s your bed right there,” says Powder Pup, pointing to the bunk above Strawberry-Blond Princess. I would never have known the bunk was free, since it’s piled with junk. I bow to Powder Pup. It’s weird bowing to girls who are only a little older than me. At home, I only use formal language with Koreans my parents’ age, and even then, they let you get away with not-totally-perfect manners. But Umma and Abba warned me that in a K-pop company, I should always use honorifics and address older female trainees as unnie. No one’s going to cut me slack on manners for being foreign. I step onto the bunk bed ladder and carefully clear a spot on my mattress to put down my guitar. I peek down at Strawberry-Blond Princess.

Still no response. Next to Strawberry-Blond Princess’s bed, I spot all seven Harry Potter books, plus Daring Greatly by Brené Brown and The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up by Marie Kondo. I perk up. This must be the girl from America. She looks like she’d ignore me in the hallways if we went to the same school, but I can’t say how relieved I am that I’m rooming with someone I can speak English with. The fact that she likes wizards and self-help books is icing on the cake. I point to the Tidying Up book.

Just then, another girl emerges from the bathroom, her face glistening. This must be Aram. She says, “So when’s the new Westerner getting here?” Binna catches Aram’s eye, and she realizes, startled, that I’m right here. I immediately go into a deep bow, and when I come up, I get my first direct look at her face. My mouth falls open. This is, hands down, the most stunning girl I’ve ever seen in my life.

About two seconds earlier, I would have said that about Helena, but Aram is from-another-universe beautiful. If Helena would be the prettiest girl in any high school, this girl is a fairy-tale queen, Maleficent’s fairer, younger Asian rival. With her sharp cheekbones, marble skin, and electric-blue Circle Lenses, it’s impossible to guess how old she is — she could be anywhere from sixteen to thirty.

Aram sizes me up from head to toe with her Siberian-husky eyes. She lets out a snort as if to say, Oh, so I had nothing to worry about and turns away without a word, her silky jet-black hair swishing in the air. Suddenly, I want to curl up in a ball and call Umma to come pick me up.