Vevo is officially putting their platform behind K-pop with the world’s largest all-premium music-video provider selecting one of the scene’s most promising boy bands for their emerging-artist program.

AB6IX has been named the first-ever K-pop act to join Vevo DSCVR, the development platform for new artists that has featured the likes of Billie Eilish, Sam Smith, Halsey and more. The partnership kicks off with an exclusive performance video of the boy band’s new track “Surreal,” a standout cut from their Vivid EP that dropped last month.

Shot remotely from a studio in their native South Korea, AB6IX bring the emotion of their synth-pop track (which member Donghyun told me was his favorite track off Vivid in our interview earlier this month) in the artistically shot visual.

For Vevo’s side, linking up with AB6IX was an easy choice after learning about the young group’s commitment to self-producing and writing their material.

“Since 2019, AB6IX has been regarded as one of the power ‘rookie’ K-pop acts,” says JP Evangelista, SVP of Content, Programming and Marketing at Vevo. “Understanding that they have become a stand-out within the genre through songwriting and composing much of their music, they were a clear choice for the type of artist we look to highlight in our DSCVR program year after year.”

Linking up with AB6IX marks a larger commitment for Vevo in the K-pop space, one that Evangelista will promise to “continue to amplify voices within the community and the genre with additional content, curation and social support.”

“DSCVR has always been a cornerstone of our original programming with the objective of elevating emerging artists of all genres,” he adds. “Supporting artists from around the world is a priority for Vevo, and our partnership with AB6IX to create Vevo’s first piece of original content from a K-pop band is a significant step in our continued effort to promote global up-and-coming artists. The timing aligned perfectly with AB6IX’s new album as we wanted to provide more content for their fan base to connect with. We hope our ‘Surreal’ video resonates with their core fans and beyond.”