AOA's management FNC Entertainment announced that Jimin has decided to "halt all of her activities in the entertainment industry". The management group also apologised and took responsibility for the situation.

K-pop girl group AOA’s management FNC Entertainment has announced that the group’s leader Jimin has left the group.

According to Korean entertainment website soompi.com, the agency released the following statement on Jul 4:

“This is FNC Entertainment. First, we would like to apologize for causing concern to many people through the events related to Jimin that have been unfolding recently. From this moment forth, Jimin has decided to leave AOA and halt all of her activities in the entertainment industry.

Additionally, our agency accepts responsibility for this entire situation, and we will put our full focus on managing our artists (in the future). Once again, we apologize for causing concern through these unfortunate matters.”

Jimin, whose real name is Shin Ji-min was accused of bullying and harassing former AOA member Mina, who took to Instagram on Jul 3 to share multiple posts detailing the ordeal.



READ: Former AOA member Mina reveals evidence of self-harm in response to Jimin's denial of alleged bullying

Mina also posted evidence of self-harm in response to Jimin's initial denial of the alleged bullying on Instagram.

According to Soompi, Mina later shared that Jimin had visited her in person to talk things out and apologise following her posts. Mina then stated in another Instagram post that even though she had decided to accept Jimin’s apology, she wasn’t entirely sure it was sincere.

In addition to apologising to Mina in person, Jimin went on to share a public apology on Instagram on July 4.

Here’s the apology which has been translated from Korean into English:

“I can’t express everything in a short post but I am very, very sorry. I was lacking as a leader and I did wrong. As I carry this regret and sense of guilt, I realise that I did not understand Mina well during the time we spent together and I did not look around me carefully. Yesterday, I cried and apologised and cried again. However, I realize that the emotions that Mina has built up about me over time cannot be easily resolved, so I am very sorry. When I was younger, I believed that our team should only show our good sides to our staff and the world. That’s how I thought during my early twenties, but I realise now that I was lacking a humane side as a leader to lead a team in such a manner. I’m sorry for causing controversy and I’m sorry for writing a statement that is all over the place. More than anything else, I’m sincerely sorry to Mina and the members, who spent a lot of effort for the two of us.”

Mina in turn, responded to Jimin’s Instagram apology with a now deleted post.

“Apologised? You apologised? I’m going to say what I need to say before I go. Yesterday, you said that you acted like that so that I would be set on the right path. Hearing this from the same person who brought a man to the dorms and had [sex]? You should be set on the right path first. At the very least, you shouldn’t have lied. I understand that you will hate me to the end and you don’t want to apologize to me. But what? I will never forget the look in your eyes when you came in. I’ll die and repay you in kind. All the eyes and ears that were at my house, you’re all the same. Shin Ji Min, you’re so lucky, everyone is on your side. You’ve won. I’ve lost. In the end, I’ve lost.”