In interviews, the members speak highly of family members who have motivated them to work hard. Beomgyu, speaking to Refinery 29, “credits his mother for his resilience.” Huening Kai’s father is a musician who encouraged him to play several instruments. But despite technical training in the art of musical performance, little prepares one for K-pop superstardom. The members of TXT admit that the journey has been eye-opening.

Yeonjun, the eldest member of the group, has been open about his struggles as the member who trained the longest prior to the group's debut, and Taehyun shared that the group’s first few meetings were a bit awkward. “It was a brand-new environment that we were not used to, but after meeting a few times, I think we really got familiar with each other,” he explains. Beomgyu says he was surprised when the group first met, because “all of the other members were really good-looking.”

Instead of letting their fears and insecurities hold them back, TXT leaned into the desire to succeed, with songs like “Maze in the Mirror,” written entirely by the group and produced by Beomgyu, the soft-spoken vocalist who has performed covers of Radiohead and Glen Hansard in the past. “It’s our first self-penned song; it’s one that tells our story,” says Yeonjun, a main rapper for TXT who fell in love with dancing after joining a club at school. “It’s a story about us.”

In that same vein, Taehyun mentions “Sweat,” a “hidden” track that the group released this year. Translated, the lyrics read, “Remember the moments we soaked with sweat. To look back on these days when our dream has been met. We can make it with the five of us together.” The song is a thinly-veiled story of working hard to obtain a goal. “It’s not a song that’s on the album, but it’s a song that we released for our fans online,” he explains. “It’s a song that contains our story and how we’ve grown.”

TXT’s professional growth has been directly impacted by the public ascent to megafame. Some of the intensity around K-pop artists comes from their fans online, who promote them and defend them with equal fervor. Like many contemporary pop artists, TXT has a following, but the level of dedication from their fans is high. This is something all five members are very aware of, and it’s given them a sense of obligation to make intentionally uplifting music. “We learned to be more cautious of what we say and how we act because we now know that we can influence others in the world,” they told Buzzfeed in a recent interview. “We think we’ve become more responsible and that we’re able to keep a more professional mindset.”

By wearing their hearts on their lyrical sleeves, the members of TXT have fostered a tight-knit relationship with their fan base MOA, an acronym for “Moments of Alwaysness.” The Korean word Moa also means to gather or collect, and per Dispatch, the sum total of the phrasing means “gathering pieces of dreams to fulfill a mutual dream of TXT and fans.” The group regularly connects with fans online, especially on the Big Hit fan community platform Weverse, where they encourage fans to study, reply to love letters, and pen diary entries for fans to read. “I think it’s great that we can create music that appeals and resonates with a new generation of fans and listeners,” says TXT’s shy leader Soobin, who keeps morale high among the group through jokes, dancing, and encouragement. “We enjoy making songs for people in their teens and 20s, and it’s fulfilling. We are growing as part of the process as well, so we want to keep making music that can resonate with this generation.”

TXT has shown that they're willing to be emotionally vulnerable in their music, but they're not trying to grow up too fast. They're relatable and goofy, but they also celebrate how each member has got his own thing going on. In this global boy band golden age, TXT is the musical equivalent of watching actual teenage actors play teens on television, instead of ultraglamorous but unreal mid-twentysomethings.