In the past few weeks, K-pop has taken up a new place in American political discourse. Fans, once written off as “rabid teenage girls”, are now being taken seriously as agents of political change in the social-media age. Well, sort of.

The recent wave of positive media coverage began after the police killing of George Floyd. Globally, fans used fancams of their favourite idols to spam police surveillance apps and racist hashtags, while also encouraging each other to donate to anti-racist, pro-Black organisations. At the weekend, hype around K-pop fans and TikTok users reached another peak when a story began circulating on Twitter that fans had registered for tickets for President Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally to artificially inflate anticipated attendance numbers – the turnout was 6,200 people in a 19,000-person arena, and a second rally was completely cancelled. On 20 June, US Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted, “KPop allies, we see and appreciate your contributions in the fight for justice too.”

The wave crested again the morning of Monday 22 June, when two broadcast media moments went viral simultaneously. In the first, a Fox News report on the Trump rally included the line, “And there were these reports that teenagers on TikTok and fans of the group K-pop took credit, because they reserved a bunch of tickets never intending to show up.” By accidentally citing a group “K-pop” instead of naming specific artists (though as several people on Twitter pointed out, there coincidentally was a group in the early 2000s called K-pop), Fox News inadvertently highlighted a crucial issue from the past few weeks — K-pop fans are not identical.

In the second moment, actual K-pop group TOMORROW X TOGETHER (known as TXT) did a live interview with local Fox affiliate program Good Day New York. In it, the news anchor brought up the Trump rally directly to them. The members of TXT, who all hail from Korea except for Huening Kai (who was born in Hawaii but grew up abroad and now lives in Korea), looked visibly uncomfortable. Which makes sense, considering the relatively young group (they debuted just last year) was being asked to explain the actions of hundreds of thousands of people — many of whom aren’t necessarily TXT fans — as well as the actions of a president who is largely not their own.

Together, the two moments presented the ultimate version of a common media narrative from the past few weeks: that K-pop fans are a united, positive, and surprising force for change, and should be memed, celebrated, and analysed as such. But in creating a monolith out of K-pop fans, the conversation has pivoted to just another way to not take them seriously.

“Like any other part of fandom culture, nothing about K-pop is united nor progressive,” says Ahomari, one of the hosts of 106 & Seoul: A Black K-Pop Podcast, which started in January of this year with an episode comparing the South Korean artist BoA’s 2009 English debut album to Britney Spears’s 2007 album Blackout. “[K-pop] can be political when world issues arise, but being a K-Pop fan is literally just [being] a fan of K-Pop.”

Adam, who runs the popular BTS fan account @BTSBEINGBTSYT, mentions that recent coverage has theorised that K-pop fans stood in solidarity with Black Lives Matter “because they face similar hardships,” a suggestion that “is far from true but also disrespectful,” he says. “This take also ends up overlooking the fact that there are BIPOC fans who face these injustices, hence why they may speak out.”

On a similar note, Ahomari describes how anti-racism work within K-pop is largely being done by Black K-pop fans – but they often aren’t the face of the resistance within the fandom. “It’s been disheartening watching… K-pop fans be praised for fighting against racism and supporting Black Lives Matter,” they say. “I say that because the face of that is majority white and non-Black.”

Though Ahomari acknowledges the success of movements like the one behind the Dallas surveillance app being crashed, they feel that the larger discussion continues to leave out Black fans. A recent example is the “whitelivesmatter” hashtag takeover, which Business Insider also called attention to in its recent coverage as an action with “counterproductive” consequences.

“You’re just trending their message with a fancam attached,” Ahomari says. “The way that some white K-pop journalists write about fandom and its culture perpetuates the narrative Black fans are fighting against currently… It feels like Black fans are collateral damage just to sell the idea of unity, fandom, and K-pop.”

Another side to the conversation is the response from non-fans about productive fan activities, says Dr Candace Epps-Robertson, an assistant professor of English at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, in the field of rhetoric and literacy studies. When BTS fans matched BTS’s $1 million donation to Black Lives Matter earlier this month, the common tone was one of congratulatory disbelief and surprise — as if it’s shocking that fans can have a conscience.

“Yes, I am ARMY [a nickname for the BTS fandom], but that doesn’t mean I check my other commitments at the door,” Epps-Robertson says. “For me, part of what drew me into BTS were their messages around socio-cultural issues… I realise that not everyone is entering this fandom because they want to be engaged in politics, but for some of us, this music is an invitation to consider big issues and think about our place and actions in the world.”

As Adam puts it, “Online activism isn’t uncharted territory for many K-pop fandoms.” It’s also not uncharted territory for fandoms throughout history, as Dr Casey Fiesler — who researches social computing, law, ethics, and fan communities at the University of Colorado, Boulder — noted in a recent thread examining fandom history. Fiesler and PhD student Brianna Dym recently published an article on privacy and ethics in fandom research.

“Mostly I want to see fandom respected, taken seriously, and treated with care,” Fiesler explained. “It’s been dismissed and even stigmatised for a long time, but the things that people do in fandom are really amazing — whether it’s writing novel-length stories that are better than a lot of published work, or building hugely successful platforms from scratch, or coordinating to help the world.” Fan studies and fan scholarship delve into so many different facets of what it means to like what you like and mobilise around it online — clearly there’s more to unpack than one article or news segment can tackle (even this one!).

Recent western media coverage can feel like the other side of the “all K-pop fans are screaming teenage girls” generalisation. Now, the summary is that all K-pop fans are magnanimous and politically-motivated teens, systematically taking on inequality wherever they find it. (These narratives also tend to leave out the vast number of fans in their 20s, 30s, 40s, 50, 60s, and beyond.) Both blanket statements do fans and onlookers an injustice: to see nuance and complexity is to see opportunities for growth and lessons learned.

Further, it’s a massive conversation. Dynamics in fandom are multi-layered, with inside jokes, funny memes, and anti-racist movements paired right alongside entrenched biases, xenophobia, doxxing, and continued racism. “The fans who have BLM in their display name and bio are the same ones being abusive towards Black fans online,” Ahomari says. “The conversation has been hijacked when we, the actual Black people who are also K-Pop fans, are the ones fighting for our lives while also combatting the abuse from non-black K-Pop fans who only see us as something trendy to care about, something to gaslight, and something to harass.”

Epps-Robertson acknowledges the difficulty of having complex conversations on Twitter, where harassment is rampant and listening is uncommon, but she has seen some cases where they are happening.

“As someone who studies rhetoric, in particular rhetoric connected to social justice, I’m most fascinated by the effort I’ve seen amongst ARMY who are working to have really complicated conversations online,” Epps-Robertson says. “When there was a concerted and coordinated attempt to help trend #BlackLivesMatter, I saw efforts being made to help educate people on the movement and the larger history of race in America.”

Perhaps non-participants will never wholly understand the distinct, paradoxical joys and disappointments at play in fandom, and conversations happening inside the fandom will always be more nuanced than those happening outside it. But fans themselves can take this momentum, however uncomfortable, and use it to enact actual change within their own circles. (Writer Zyahna Bryant recently outlined how to take concrete, anti-racist action in your life.)

“I can’t say that there is a one-size fits all approach for these problems and certainly can’t speak for all fandoms, but I do hope people will continue to address these issues by acknowledging their presence, recognising their complexity, and listening to people who are doing the work to address these issues,” Epps-Robertson says. “For me, that means that I’m not just listening to academics. I have to listen to other fans, many of whom have been in these spaces addressing these issues for far longer.”

This article first appeared at TeenVogue.com.