South Korea is looking to have its best-ever year when it comes to physical album sales, with the global covid-19 pandemic doing little to stop K-pop lovers from buying millions of albums.

According to South Korea's Gaon Chart, the top 400 South Korean albums sold in the first half of 2020 sold over 18.08 million copies, surpassing last year’s mid year sales of 12.33 by 40%. With the first half of the year already seeing a major boost in album sales, 2020 is expected to be the biggest year ever tracked by Gaon since its inception in 2010.

Of the top 400 albums sold, the top 100 sold a total of 16.89 million copies, all by K-pop acts, typically understood to be idol teams or soloists managed by entertainment companies with a focus on building sizable, oftentimes international, followings. The best-selling album of 2020 so far in South Korea, and the world, is BTS’s February LP Map of the Soul: 7, which Gaon recognized for selling over 4.26 million copies. The next best album was Seventeen’s Heng:garæ EP, which was released in June and has already sold over 1.2 million copies. Seventeen’s company, Pledis Entertainment, recently was invested in by BTS’s label, Big Hit Entertainment.

EXO’s Baekhyun, NCT 127, NCT Dream, TWICE, IZ*ONE, and GOT7 rounded out the Top 10 of Gaon’s album sales for the first half of 2020 with popular releases from each act, with several artists selling over 1 million accumulated album sales with multiple charted releases.

Gaon Chart's chief researcher Kim Jin-woo told the Korea Herald that the majority of the album sales on the Gaon Chart this year reflect international album sales, with overseas K-pop fandoms playing a sizable role in boosting the sales. According to Kim, the increase in sales over last year may directly be correlated to the coronavirus pandemic even as the global music industry suffers: Kim suggests that fans may have opted to buy albums in a show of support for faves versus being able to see them in person at concerts and other live events as they usually would.

K-pop acts have become a rare outlier in the global music industry as artists who are regularly able to see immense physical album sales from their dedicated fanbases. Part traditional album, part collectible merchandise, K-pop album sales are expected to continue to be strong in the second half of 2020 as the South Korean music scene puts out music unhindered by the coronavirus’s impacts, in part due to the country’s success at restricting the spread of the covid-19 virus.

Though the K-pop world typically keeps upcoming release under wraps until only a few weeks before their arrival, the second half of 2020 already has a lot of potential to continue the trend of increasing year-on-year album sales to see the biggest-ever year for South Korean album sales, with things like BLACKPINK’s first LP set to arrive in September while BTS and EXO’s Kai also have upcoming albums in the works.