Jeong Eun-ji, the main vocalist of K-pop act Apink, dropped her fourth solo mini-album "Simple" on Wednesday. This comes a year and nine months since her third solo mini-album "Hyehwa" released in 2018.

 "I'm nervous but happy about releasing a new solo album and performing on stage again," Jeong said through her agency Play M Entertainment.

 The 27-year-old singer explained that the overall theme of her new album is "simple is beautiful," elaborating that she wanted to convey messages of empathy and consolation to listeners.

 Jeong participated in producing all six tracks of the album to add her persona to the music. "I prepared this album thinking about what kind of music I'd like to pursue and what my fans would be willing to listen to over and over again," she said. 

 "I feel this album is very important because I wrote and co-composed the songs, shared ideas about album concepts, themes and tracks."

 Jeong has built her own style of music inside Apink, which debuted in 2011. The group received profound love for their hits "LUV," "Mr. Chu" and "I'm So Sick." She began forging a solo career in 2016, and since then has serenaded her fans with simplicity of acoustic instruments and poetic lyrics. 

 Lead single "AWay" is an upbeat pop track with uplifting lyrics that convey messages of comfort and healing. The singer said the song is a feel-good summer song that can bring positivity during these challenging times.

 On her secret to relieving stress, Jeong said she usually plays games or hangs out with close friends. "We all go through low periods. Indulging in those activities provides a temporary sense of comfort, but it's mostly refreshing," she said. 

 The new album features talented artists such as Sunwoo Jung-a, 10cm and So Soo-bin. On collaborating with fellow artists, she said, "The project was a gift for me. The insight I got from working with them was incredible and to be able to watch them work and write music is something I'll never forget."

 Jeong said she plans to continue working in various fields ― as a radio DJ, singer and actor. "It's been a long time since I performed live on stage. I'm really looking forward to meeting my fans in-person and singing to them. Until then, please take care and stay safe," she said.