Korean Cultural Centre India will select each winner throughout 18 cities` regional round in song and dance category, and will hold the final on 12th September.

The 9th edition of K-pop India contest is coming up with the 2nd phase ‘Online Regional Round’. Under the epidemic situation prevailing globally, KCCI has been brought new model for post corona era through this event keeping the participants and fans safe as the number one priority. The entire contest went digital with solo entries only. Contest witnessed 1344 participants from across the country in two categories: vocal and dance segment in its first round which was held from 15th May to 15th June and more than 150,000 people have marked all promotional materials on posts on KCCI website and SNSs.

458 participants from 18 cities were able to make their entries in the second round. They will compete in vocal and dance categories for 2 spots each from each city. The second, regional round from 13th July to 16th August will be hosted by each local K-Pop fan club with the collaboration with KCCI. Fans and any passionate people who are interested in song and dance can enjoy all the performances at each regional round through online platform, most of regions will be hosted on live.

The 458 winners of the first rounds are from Ahmedabad, Aizawl, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Chennai, Dehradun, Delhi, Guntur, Hyderabad, Imphal, Itanagar, Kohima, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, Nagpur, Patna and Pune. Delhi has the biggest fan following (participants) followed by Kolkata, Chennai and Bengaluru.

Even though the 2020 Changwon World Music Festival has been cancelled and the situation owing to the Pandemic is not stable, KCCI was able to receive a great number of participants. Owing to the ongoing Pandemic, and in compliance with the guidelines provided for precaution against COVID-19, it was decided that the Regional Round will be hosted on an online platform (youtube) not on spot as expected before. With all these limits and restrictions, nevertheless, KCCI is holding this event to encourage all Indian youngsters not to give up their passion and hope for the future. Starting up with buzz event, meeting K-Pop star at KCCI`s Instagram live on 12th Sunday, 6pm, KCCI is holding promotional events also titled “Unlock your passion” 1.0 version to 3.0 version.

Kim Kum-pyoung , Director Korean Cultural Said “We have decided and challenged this event hoping all fans who have been locked in their houses to regain their passion and energy in their daily life. We expect to overcome the difficulties together with mutual sympathy through music.“

Korean Cultural Centre India will select each winner throughout 18 cities` regional round in song and dance category, and will hold the final on 12th September. The final 2 winners will be invited to Korea for music video shooting, cultural experience and exchange.