Korean pop idols generally stay away from any political alignments. According to reports, the management companies have strict policies over the K-pop idol talking about anything related to political influences. However, a congressional candidate from the United States of America is now claiming that K-pop is ‘foreign propaganda’ and the K-pop juggernauts BTS or Bangtan Sonyeondan, are ‘socialists’. Politician KW Miller is making these ardent claims through his Twitter posts. The group’s fan base is now confused and thinking about what exactly the accusations mean. The social media post in question was flooded with ‘confused’ reactions from the followers of K-pop.

Here is what he shared:

Also Read | BTS Army Day: Jungkook Goofily Claps On Wall Amusing Jimin As Rest Continue To Wish Fans

Also Read | BTS' ARMY Celebrates The Seventh BTS ARMY Day By Creating A New Song Titled '7 Reasons'

The US politician KW Miller is not only blaming BTS but also dragging K-pop’s involvement in politics in the US. The remarks and allegations come after the wayward turnout of the audience for President Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally in June. As per reports, over one million people were registered to be a part of the rally. However, people in few thousands turned up. The reason behind the low turnout was the pseudo reservations made by K-pop stans and group of TikTok users. As per reports, it was the youth’s way of showing disapproval of the president running for the second term. The main aim of the youth was to ‘spoil the rally’ as per media reports.

K-pop and TikTok reserved for Tulsa and didn't attend

Also Read | BTS' 'Your Eyes Tell' Co-written By Jeon Jungkook To Be Used As Japanese Film's Theme Song

The politician wrote, “Last month @AOC worked with KPOP agents via the app TikTok to sabotage the President's rally. KPOP is foreign propaganda. Why was AOC conspiring with Koreans such as Junkook and BTS (Big Time Socialists) to undermine our President? TikTok is Chinese owned. Kim Jong Un knew?.” The claims mentioned Kim Jong Un, however, he is from North Korea and not South and the tweet also mentions Chinese involvement. The politician's bizarre tweet was called out by many Twitteratis.

The politician did not stop as he continued to question the congress. He wished that ‘K-pop fans be tried for treason in court’. KW Miller is known to throw shade at several celebrities. He had recently accused Beyonce of being a ‘fake’ African-American race person. He claimed that Beyonce is Italian. He had also accused Zendaya of illicit actions involving Disney.

He continued to post the following:

Also Read | BTS ARMY Trends #ThankYouJin On Twitter After The Singer Celebrated ARMY Day, See Posts

There was sheer confusion created in the comments section of the post

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.