Like her bandmates, Blackpink’s lead rapper Jennie is as fashion-forward as they come; in fact, she's the first band member to partner with a French fashion house following a number of stylish collaborations with Chanel Korea. The New Zealand-raised 24-year-old boasts 28.6 million followers on Instagram .

Whether she’s at the front row of fashion week in Milan or at the launch of the latest Korean beauty brand, the youngest member of K-pop girl group Blackpink turns heads wherever she goes, adored by a whopping 35 million fans on Instagram .

Sign up for our newsletters to get all our top stories delivered.

These globally-renowned actresses and K-pop girl group members, four of which hail from the phenom that is Blackpink, are slaying it on Instagram in 2020

Known for her edgy rock-star vibes yet easy-going manner, Blackpink’s lead dancer Rosé was just confirmed to be the new global face of Saint Lauren for Fall 2020. The New Zealand-born K-pop star is said to be the most shy and quiet member of the group. Her 25.6 million followers on Instagram don’t seem to mind though. See also: 7 Asian Make-up Artists To Follow On Instagram

The oldest member in the group, Jisoo rose to fame with a number of acting roles, music video cameos and huge brand endorsements before her debut with Blackpink. Known for her humorous personality, Jisoo commands a following of 24.3 million on Instagram.

With a K-pop career that spans more than a decade and 14.8 million fans on Instagram, Taeyeon was most famously one of the nine original members of the incredibly popular Girls’ Generation group. Now part of Oh!GG, a sub-unit of Girls’ Generation, Taeyeon delighted fans with teaser videos of her latest single, Happy, in March. See also: Gou Getter: What’s Next For South Korean DJ & Fashion Designer Peggy Gou

The popular singer and star of the hit 2019 Korean TV series Hotel Del Luna is touted to be the most followed Korean actress on Instagram at the moment, thanks to some 12.3 million fans.

The fresh-faced star of the action-packed South Korean film, Ashfall, was also a member of the girl group Miss A (disbanded in 2017) and has starred in such popular South Korean TV shows as While You Were Sleeping and Vagabond. Catch up on her latest happenings alongside her 12.5 million followers on Instagram. See also: The New Asia: The Most Powerful, Influential & Stylish People To Know In 2020