South Korea is home to some of the biggest and most passionately loved musicians in the world, from record-breaking girl band Blackpink to chart-smashing supergroup SuperM. But K-pop isn’t Asia’s sole sound. Its success has undoubtedly broken boundaries for the globally celebrated music coming out of the continent, but it is indeed that—a continent. The underground club scene in Beijing differs considerably to the hip-hop made in Manila, and there’s a wealth of exciting new ideas and sounds emerging from across the diaspora. Here are six artists of Asian heritage merging numerous influences to create some of the most innovative music on our playlists.

If there was ever an indication that you’re on the right path as a musician, opening for Taylor Swift as a 15-year-old is one of them. That’s what Indonesian songwriter/multi-instrumentalist/ producer NIKI achieved when Swift played Jakarta in 2014 and chose the then-teen as support.

Now 21 years old, her audience has grown exponentially. Like many Gen-Z artists, NIKI initially established herself by singing covers on YouTube, before crafting a unique R&B sound influenced largely by 1990s artists such as Boyz II Men and Aaliyah, who her mother would play around the house. Now signed to 88rising—a crew-cum-label that specialises in giving a platform to Asian and Asian-American artists—NIKI has built a loyal fanbase of more than a million Instagram followers and over 223,000 YouTube subscribers. Mindful of her social responsibility as an Asian artist, she’s using that platform for good, inspiring the next generation, particularly women, who are under-represented in the industry.

Only a few years back, 24-year-old Rome Gomez was in Manila, Philippines, weighing up whether to focus his days on design or music. When The 1975’s creative director Samuel Burgess-Johnson slid into his DMs about his artwork, Gomez used the chance to plug the music he was working on. A few weeks later, The 1975’s lead singer Matty Healy and the band’s record label, Dirty Hit, offered him a deal and a few months after that, he was living in London, writing songs with the band and reaping the rewards from Narcissist—a brilliantly produced, silky smooth collaboration that has racked up millions of plays, including more than 10m on YouTube alone to date. Since then, Gomez has expanded from pop to a more bold and experimental sound, which continues to set him apart as an emerging talent with a unique tone of voice.

Born in Watford to Chinese and Jamaican parents, Griff, 19, is clearly cut from a different cloth. Through her R&B-infused pop, she sings more about her relationship with herself than other people (a true Gen-Z creative) and as well as producing her own music and styling her own videos, she makes her own clothes, too.

She’s multicultural, multi-hyphenated and multi-talented. After keeping her talents quiet from her peers during school, she released her first project The Mirror Talk EP the same week she finished her A-levels, and in the 12 months since has been added to BBC Music’s Introducing playlist and hit 1.5m monthly streams. It’s tempting to lump Griff in with other ‘bedroom pop’ artists, but those four walls can’t confine this utterly unique teenager.

Iloilo City-born Bea Kristi, 20, is a product of her generation. She had already built 100k Instagram followers before officially releasing her debut single, Coffee, which is impressive in itself. Her brand of DIY homemade pop caught the eye of The 1975’s label, Dirty Hit, and she’s since rocketed to the 58th most-streamed artist in the world. That’s mostly thanks to Powfu’s sampling of Coffee, which blew up on TikTok, keeping it in the UK charts for 18 weeks and peaking at number four. All signs point to the fact we should expect big things from Kristi in the very near future.

When Brian Imanuel Soewarno started an account on short-form video platform Vine (RIP), he couldn’t speak a word of English. As a 15-year-old living in Indonesia, he began to watch countless videos on the platform, as well as listening to Childish Gambino and Tyler, the Creator to help teach himself the language. It not only taught Soewarno how to speak English, but he also developed a rich musical understanding that sent his debut Dat $tick viral and gold-certified.

Signed to 88rising, Rich Brian, like his contemporaries (he’s still only 20), has quickly amassed millions of followers, but his music sets him apart from the pack. Depending on the song, you can hear Frank Ocean-style melodies, Travis Scott-inspired ad-libs and the confidence and candidacy of Tyler, the Creator. No wonder such an artfully aggregated smorgasbord of styles has attracted so many fans.

One of the most exciting electronic artists to emerge in recent years, this Korean-American producer is singlehandedly reinvigorating the house scene. Born in New York, her family moved to Atlanta and then South Korea before Yaeji moved back to Brooklyn and began pursuing a music career. She’s maintained the influences of all cultures, shifting seamlessly to and from Korean and English over an ethereal blend of hip-hop, pop and house. It’s a unique style, exemplified on her remix of Drake’s Passionfruit, which attracted the attention of Charli XCX and Grimes, gained her a coveted spot on the Coachella line-up in 2018 and saw her rack up nearly 200k fans on Instagram.

How K-Pop took over the world in the 2010s

11 albums to get excited about in 2020

How Blackpink became the biggest K-pop girl band in the world