Taking the Hallyu celebration online, the Korean Cultural Center in the Philippines and the Philippine K-Pop Convention Inc. have teamed up to give all Korean culture enthusiasts the VIP seats on the recently concluded “Happy Hallyu Day 4: A Virtual Party” right in the comfort of their own homes.

Hosted by the rising Korean MC in the Philippines, Kyungmin Kim, the said online event is in partnership not only with KCC, but also with the Korea Foundation for International Culture Exchange (KOFICE), Hallyu Com-On, and Korean government’s Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism.

Even though the fourth installment of the annual free event goes online this year for everyone’s safety amid the pandemic, it still continued to feature everything Hallyu or the Korean Wave.

Two Saturdays were dedicated just for pure K-Wave entertainment as “Happy Hallyu Day 4” happened last August 22 and 29 via Facebook Live on Philippine K-Pop Convention Inc.’s page.

Hot K-Pop performances, K-Talks, fun interviews, games and prizes were offered during the event, as well as appearances of these distinguished personalities online and on television.

Admired in the local Kpop community, Venisse Siy and Mykee Li prepared a soulful medley while the De Guzman Brothers gave their mix of KHiphop and KPop performances.

Appearing in Korean dramas and films like “Romantic Doctor 2,” “My Little Hero,” and “Missing; the Filipina personality,” Cherish Unni, shared her experiences as an actress in Korea.

Slated to debut soon, a five-member boy group and an eight-member girl group, or collectively known as the Star Hunt Academy Trainees showcased their talents in singing, rapping and dancing in the K-community.

A Koreanophile for 17 years, Kring Kim talked about how being a Hallyu fan has helped her as an on-cam talent, content creator and director.

Kpop Dance Diva, Dasuri Choi, performed her powerful moves and a quick Kpop dance tutorial while ABS-CBN’s “I Love OPM Grand Champion” and ‘Oppa Heartthrob’ Yohan King serenaded everyone with his charms.

“Pinoy Big Brother” housemates Kawaii-daughter, Kaori Oinuma, and the Konnichi-Wonder Vlogger, Fumiya Sankai are joined to spazz with their co-EXO-Ls and co-ONCEs respectively.