For some time now, K-pop has been gaining ground in the U.S., and it seems like every year there is at least one new name that breaks out and scores a huge win on the Billboard charts. Now, three of the most successful acts from South Korea here in the States, BTS, Blackpink and SuperM, have all announced new music is coming this month.

If just one of these names dropped a massive single, that would be enough to make August an important period when looking at K-pop stars in the U.S., but with all three sharing tunes back-to-back-to-back, it’s possible this month may go down as one of the most important ever in the genre.

After scoring a surprise No. 1 album last year with their debut self-titled EP, South Korean super group SuperM recently announced their comeback, and it’s starting sooner than many fans were expecting. The band’s new single “100” is expected on Friday, August 14, and those who love the relatively new outfit won’t have to wait long to hear more from their upcoming full-length Super One, which itself is going to be released on September 25. Second single “Tiger Inside” will be shared on September 1, just outside of this very packed August.

BTS is officially kicking off the next era of their careers with a new single titled “Dynamite,” which is slated to be released on Friday, August 21. The song, their first to be performed entirely in English, is already being hyped as perhaps their biggest hit yet, and it’s clear that the teams behind the group are aiming for a No. 1 start on the Hot 100.

The band recently revealed a packed promotional schedule for the month of August, including the release of “Dynamite,” its accompanying music video, several high-profile interviews and even a world premiere performance of the cut at the MTV Video Music Awards.

It’s not yet clear when a second single or even the full-length may be available, but all BTS needs to make August a massive month is one big hit, which is all but assured.

The biggest girl group in the K-pop space is also tracking toward a major release with their debut full-length Blackpink: The Album, though that’s not coming until early October. Just one week after BTS drops “Dynamite,” Blackpink is returning with a new single, though details about the tune (other than it’s release date, which has been revealed as Friday, August 28) are scarce.

So far, the quartet hasn’t shared the title of the song, nor the name of the high-profile feature, which they have been teasing for some time. While it isn’t coming until just a few days before August wraps, Blackpink’s new single will surely be a major release, and it could easily become their highest-charting smash yet in America.