Girl Group Hinapia’s member Yaebin was under fire for using the ‘N’ word while doing an Instagram live. The K-pop idol was rapping to the song Super Bass which is originally by Nicki Minaj. The video was not well received by many viewers who were watching Yaebin's Instagram live video. Several social media users resorted to Twitter and Instagram to call out the idol for her action.

Also Read | Mr Sunshine's Cast: A Good Mix Of Renowned Korean Actors For The Early 20th Century Drama

Yaebin quickly reacted to the comments on her live video and said that she was aware about the fact that ‘people are sensitive’ to the word and tried her best to censor the part of the song. On August 12, that is Wednesday, Yaebin took to the social media account of the group and apologised for her mistake. She said that it is an honest mistake from her end. She also said that ‘what I did was seriously wrong and cannot go unnoticed.’ She shared an elaborate apology on her social media account.

Also Read | Actor Sung Joon To Tie The Knot In September With His Non-celebrity Girlfrien

Also Read | BLACKPINK’s Collaboration With Selena Gomez Is Confirmed & Fans Cannot Keep Calm

However, many fans took to social media to express their anger over the incident. Here are some of the reactions of the fans over the incident. Some fans felt that the damage was done and it was too late to go back. As mentioned below, some fans did not accept the apology.

Also Read | The King: Eternal Monarch Star Lee Min Ho To Take Legal Action Against 'malicious Trolls'

Yaebin was formerly a member of Pristine. However, the group disbanded due to lack of promotional activities and other reasons. Few of the member of the group came together and signed their contract with OSR Entertainment. Former members of Pristin, Minkyeung, Eunwoo and Gyeongwon, as well as Yaebin, have debuted under the new group name Hinapia. Yaebin was even part of the sub-unit formed in the group Pristin under the name Pristin-V. However, the group reportedly could not sustain the heavy competition in the K-pop industry. Hinapia, as a group has released a song back on November 3, 2019, and this year they are preparing for a new album. The release date for the album is not revealed yet and is still under preparation phase, as per reports.

Get the latest entertainment news from India & around the world. Now follow your favourite television celebs and telly updates. Republic World is your one-stop destination for trending Bollywood news. Tune in today to stay updated with all the latest news and headlines from the world of entertainment.