A new teaser website for the BTS Universe Story video game shows two BTS members in-game - Jin and RM - as well as a hint that the game will feature some kind of crossover with the TXT Universe. BTS is the current most popular K-pop group in the industry, and both it and TXT are managed by Big Hit Entertainment.

Announced earlier this year, little is known about BTS Universe Story. It serves as Korean publisher and developer Netmarble's follow-up to its previous BTS mobile title, BTS World, and is based on a concept teaser video released in mid-2019. The teaser featured live-action scenes referencing several BTS MVs, most prominently a shot from 2015's "Run," where the camera moves towards Jungkook through the other members. The teaser then transitioned from live-action to in-game footage, showcasing Jungkook's in-game appearance.

The official BTS Universe Story website, recently published by Netmarble, features another short teaser video - this time entirely comprised of in-game footage. What appears to be the game's version of Jin is seen speaking with a blue-and-green-eyed cat creature, which seems to be the origin of on-screen text hinting at the game's premise. "Find the map of the soul," it says. "Then all this can end."

Since the game appears to follow the events of the BTS Universe (a collection of music videos, short films, and other media that tell a fictional story based on the group's members), and since Map of the Soul is the latest era in that universe, it's possible the cat's command to find the map so "all this can end" foreshadows the end of the BTS Universe storyline. While the story has continued through short films and books since 2015, the last music video to add to the BTS Universe canon was the extended version of 2018's "Fake Love." Perhaps Big Hit will use the game to bring an "end" to the timeline, ushering in a new story for future BTS MVs and media.

As Twitter user Lyssie pointed out, the cat creature has previously appeared in BTS-related material before, including a Save Me webtoon, an accessory for a Jin figurine, and a mention by BTS Universe's Jungkook in one of the story's Notes entries. Its main appearances, however, have been in TXT's music videos, namely "Nap of a Star," "Magic Island," and "Eternally." This suggests BTS Universe Story could expand on the relationship between the two group's universes.

As far as the game itself, Netmarble announced (translation via Koreaboo) gameplay will follow a sandbox style. The genre usually allows players to freely explore and interact with large, open environments, though it's not clear how this will play out in BTS Universe Story. Given the initial concept video's use of live-action footage, it's also possible the new game will incorporate real-life footage of the group members, just as BTS World did.

Next: K-Pop Stans Crash Dallas PD App Looking For Illegal Rioting Videos With Fancams

BTS Universe Story's release date has not yet been announced.