Seven current and former members of NCT Dream gathered to celebrate the fourth anniversary of the youngest subunit of NCT.Haechan introduced himself with a courteous bow and brought in the members one by one.“It has been so long since we livestreamed together, all seven of us,” remarked Haechan. They gave themselves a big applause and agreed that they could not believe it has already been four years.Haechan said that their first standalone concert Dream Show was the most memorable moment, while Jaemin’s was the first time they appeared on a TV music show with their debut song “Chewing Gum.” Renjun picked on Mark who “graduated” from the unit and did not come to the concert.“He didn‘t come, not once!” they accused the oldest among them and Mark protested that he could not go because of his conflicting schedule.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209641.Ong Seongwoo spent three hours on Naver‘s V Live communicating with his fans and celebrating his birthday.“It’s my birthday, as you know, and I wanted to see you,” he said smiling into the camera. He chuckled when some fans commented that he looks pale. “That is because I‘m not wearing any makeup,” he said before putting some on.“Can you guess where I am?” asked the birthday boy repressing a smile. He was actually sitting up in his bed, he confided, moving the camera to give a peek of his grey headboard and white bedding.“This must be the first time I’m livestreaming from my home,” he said. He felt a little awkward since it was his first time doing so and he admitted to his fans that he was not comfortable showing off his house.Ong thanked fans for holding a series of events to mark his birthday. “It seems like many of you have spent on ads this year,” he added.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209620.Sana of Twice chatted with fans despite having to reconnect two times due to a poor internet connection.After confirming with fans that the first attempt failed, she went through the comments and replied that she has an idea for her next hair style, but was not ready to divulge it yet. As for the color, she wants to dye it back to orange. He other options could be light purple, sky blue, blue or deep blue or really dark ash brown.“But I don‘t think I’ll go light this year,” she added.The idol offered advice to a fan who is learning Korean.“Although my Korean is very far from perfect,” she said modestly, “I used to watch variety shows, rather than dramas or movies, to see which expressions were the most natural in certain situations.” As much as some fans want to speak Korean or Japanese, she wants to learn English, she added.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209634.Kpop Herald reporter Hong Dam-young welcomed back the members of Dreamcatcher two years after they met for the first time, this time with entertainer Christian Burgos.They command an unusual sound for a K-pop act, mixing metal and rock, and have built a huge international fan base especially in Latin America, explained Hong.Burgos, from Mexico, has come to know them in a quite uncommon way. He first came across their music from a Korean music video game Pump It Up, in which player(s) dance to a range of songs, that included the group’s “Fly High.” It is one of the most popular games in his home country.The six-piece act has returned with its 5th EP “Dystopia: Lose Myself” and the lead track is titled “BOCA.” All of their fans in Latin America must have thought “Yes! That‘s a song for us!” said Burgos.In turn, the performers said they love meeting their fans from the region because of their passionate reactions.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/209034.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=