Is there anything more exciting than seeing two of your favorite artists working on a project together? It's even more interesting to see when groups of two different cultures and musical genres come together - the results are often phenomenal.

RELATED: Top 10 Rock Bands From The 2000s Everyone Listened To

There are far too many great K-Pop collabs to include on a list of only ten. We tried to narrow it down by limiting each artist to only one spot (however, NCT's Mark does appear multiple times). In no particular order, here are 10 amazing K-Pop collaborations with North American artists to obsess over.

Eric Bellinger knows the R&B scene inside an out. He's a Los Angeles songwriter with credits on tracks by Usher, Chris Brown, Tank, Justin Bieber, and Trey Songz. It's a treat to see him work with Korean artist Kwon Hyuk for his American debut.

The 27-year-old singer had a similar career trajectory to Bellinger - starting out as a songwriter with credit on EXO's "Growl" and VIXX's "Voodoo Doll." His stage name comes from American actor James Dean, due to the artist's fascination with his rebellious image.

This might be cheating since HRVY is actually from England, but how could we not include this cute bubblegum collaboration? HRVY and NCT Dream members Renjun, Jisung, Mark, Chenle, and Jaemin each have their individual moments to shine.

Unlike many other tracks on this list, fans felt as though HRVY could be a real member of NCT. His voice syncs so well with the Korean vocalists. It's even better that they appear to admire each other as friends.

How many K-pop fans knew they needed a Latin Pop crossover until Super Junior? The group has dabbled with Spanish sounds before ("Mamacita") and even collaborated with Leslie Grace on "Lo Siento" in April 2018. However, "Otra Vez" with Mexican pop-rock group Reik stole the show.

It's got a gorgeous, sultry sound. Although Super Junior hasn't topped charts in South Korea for a long time, Otra Vez did surprisingly well in the Middle East and Southeast Asia (being #1 on iTunes for several countries in the two regions).

This song is so much fun - fitting for the first single of The Great Dancer (a tribute to the great Michael Jackson). The video features many of the King of Pop's iconic dance moves. Director Daniel Russell wanted to evoke "Black or White," "BAD," and "Smooth Criminal" while focusing on a theme of diversity, inclusivity, and of course dance.

RELATED: Jason Derulo Is Getting Rich Off Of TikTok, He Says You Can Too

The video was filmed in South Korea, Ethiopia, Jamaica, London, and Los Angeles. Despite being such a massive project, the video currently only has roughly 44 million views on Jason' Derulo's official Youtube page.

Wendy from Red Velvet was the first K-pop artist John Legend has ever collaborated with, and we couldn't think of a better pairing. The smooth R&B track is perfect for their incredible vocals. Although it did not chart in large part due to lack of promotion (the video was only posted on SMTOWN's Youtube channel and NOT on John Legend's) it absolutely deserved to.

It had an overwhelmingly positive response for the fans who managed to listen to it. It was the last song on SM 'Station X 0' and was the first track in the project's history to include only English lyrics,

It's fitting for the Far East Movement to collaborate with Korean superstars - their roots are in Los Angeles' K-Town. "Freal Luv," was an ambitious track bringing together artists from many different genres and locales.

Tinashe is an R&B pop star, Marshmello is a famous DJ, and Chanyeol is a rapper in EXO. This project was about identity and Far East Movement wanted to dedicate it to bridging the divide between their sense of self and the American perception of them.

This sleek and sensual alt-R&B track features as the lead single in Monsta X's English album All About Luv. Peaking at #26 on the US Pop chart, this collaboration saw quite a bit of success.

It was not only #39 for US airplay the week of its release but more recently features as part of the Riverdale soundtrack for the episode "The Ides of March." We hope for more international success to come their way!

Although Ava Max's anthem "So Am I" has seen several remixes since its original March 2019 release, the version with members of NCT 127 is one of the best.

Featuring raps from Mark and Taeyong, with vocal layering from Jaehyun and Doyoung, the NCT 127 artists breathe new life into So Am I. Their album We Are Superhuman charted 11th on the Billboard 200 and are worthy of all the success.

Before the June 26th premiere of Blackpink's long-awaited comeback single, fans were starved for more of these talented ladies. Lady Gaga had also been flying under the radar. Without a new studio album release in four years, fans of both have been suffering a content drought.

What better collaboration than both Gaga and Blackpink? Although Blackpink didn't feature as heavily as many would have liked, it served as the appetizer before the "How You Like That" entree. The song debuted at #33 in the Billboard Hot 100.

BTS are no newcomers when it comes to smashing charts, but "Boy With Luv" was an absolute breakout even by their high standards. It was their fourth song to chart in the top 10 of Billboard's Hot 100 list during 2019.

More impressive yet, their debut video broke Youtube records by amassing a whopping 74.6 million views in its first day on the platform. They unseated the previous reigning queens - Blackpink - whose video for "Kill This Love" obtained 45.9 million views in 24 hours. There's no doubt these guys are juggernauts both at home and internationally.