However, alongside this master plan, a number of other factors also propelled K-pop into the stratosphere, including the country’s early adoption of high-speed internet and local social-media platforms (long before Facebook or Twitter had been invented), and the global expansion of social media that followed.

‘The fan stuff rose in tandem with the internet and social media,’ Hong says.

The question now, given the sheer power of the K-pop stans, is how that power is used. And by whom. The answer is not always clear.

On one hand, good can come out of it. Erika Overton points me to a map listing the hundreds of BTS-fan charity projects around the world. ‘As an organised and a cohesive force, we are starting to recognise that there’s a lot that could be done here with this amount of power,’ Overton says. She calls it ‘flexing the power of the fandom’.

But the aforementioned lack of clarity is where the danger lies. In fact, Euny Hong believes that there are certain parallels with the recruitment of terrorists. This is because, while K-pop fans may sometimes appear to act as a homogenous group, the pattern is more complex than that. In reality, they celebrate their individuality before suddenly coming together as a flock (for example, to support their chosen pop groups or political causes) – and then they disperse once again. ‘You can recruit [terrorists] remotely in a way that’s untraceable because they’re actually pretty autonomous,’ explains Hong. ‘K-pop is similar. They seem to be acting as a hive, all based on these cells, and there is… the possibility of transmission of ideas between themselves.

‘It just happens now that there is a huge anger and backlash against Trump. But it’s impossible to be certain and optimistic that it will always be used for justice and equality, fighting racism and taking on good causes.’

Isil, President Trump and K-pop – it seems outrageous to lump them together. But what all three do have in common is an understanding of the power of online communities to recruit and motivate passionate members or supporters around the world.

For young people who feel politically under-represented, the digital activism of K-pop stans to date may be a taste of things to come. Because above all, K-pop has taught its fans that if they want to effect change, then they must vote. ‘Often fans have had to band together to vote for award shows, [or] to organise to break [sales] records,’ says Emily Wang, a 21-year-old stan, who lives in Vancouver. ‘K-pop stans have long been armed with the ability to assemble and organise over a short period of time, so this is quite the transferable skill, even when it comes to non-K-pop political events.’

Certainly something seems to be brewing. November’s election may be too soon, Trump too adept an online adversary. But that doesn’t mean the political world does not need to sit up and listen.

‘This is the most effective, non-violent, and sincere social movement,’ argues Dal Yong Jin, a professor at Simon Fraser University’s School of Communication. ‘Over the next several years, this kind of online protest… will be the new social movement that young people who live online every day pursue in order to achieve social justice. Fandom activities will influence younger generations to participate in political actions, including their voting rights. They are becoming bigger and more significant.