While most K-pop choreographies are based in more hip hop style dance than classical or ballet-type movements, there’s no denying that a foundation in classical dance lends a special grace and power to movement that you’re hard-pressed to find anywhere else — and these 10 idols are living proof! Their classical training makes them totally eye-catching on stage, and there’s just something special about the way they execute choreographies with fluidity and precision. In no particular order, here are 10 idols whose classical training has definitely paid off.

Rachel was added to APRIL’s lineup a little after the group’s debut, and her incredible dance skills were definitely a great addition to this talented group of girls! She was trained in ballet all throughout her childhood and was so lauded for her abilities that she even won dance competitions. The video above may be short, but it’s just a taste of what she can do when it comes to her classical dance capabilities!

It’s pretty well-known among NCTzens and WayZenNis that WinWin was trained for many years at the elite and exclusive Beijing Dance Academy in classical Chinese dance before he moved to South Korea to pursue his dreams of becoming a K-pop idol, but in case you didn’t know — the video really speaks for itself! WinWin’s gorgeous form and graceful movements are pretty much an instant standout to anyone with an eye for dance.

She may be the youngest in Lovelyz, but Yein’s dance skills are no small feat! Her background in ballet, traditional, and modern dance styles enabled her to perform this stunning piece on the “Queendom” stage last year, impressing even the the most seasoned stars. Her training really shines through in group stages as well, where her focused movements and delicate lines are an instant eye-catcher.

Former Wanna One member (and now successful soloist) Kang Daniel showed off some pretty incredible dance skills during his time on “Produce 101,” but that’s not all this idol is capable of. His dedication to dance training pre-debut is practically unparalleled, taking classes in all sorts of styles from ballet to modern to b-boying. His hard work has certainly paid off — all of the training has meshed together to create a powerful but precise style that’s unique to him.

Like WinWin, f(x)’s leader Victoria trained at the Beijing Dance Academy studying Chinese traditional dance before she moved to South Korea to start her career as an idol. Her extensive training has made her into one of the most versatile dancers in the industry, as showcased in this video. The combination of hip-hop moves with just some of Victoria’s classical dance skills make her a real standout, even among other professional dancers.

N, the leader of VIXX, has had an incredibly varied dance background. The ballet, contemporary, and hip-hop influences of his training all make an appearance in his own choreography, lending themselves to his performances with power and fluidity. His movements are so enthralling that it’s really hard to take your eyes off of him whenever he’s on stage! There’s no denying that he’s a real multi-talented idol.

ELRIS’s Yukyung actually started her performance career in traditional Korean dance, training for many years throughout her childhood and even winning prizes for her prowess. She’s now the group’s main dancer, and her training has clearly aided her well! She’s reportedly the member that learns choreography the most quickly, and her graceful dance moves are truly a beauty to watch on stage.

This particular choreography is the perfect example of what makes EXO’s Kai such an amazing dancer — it combines turns and leaps from the classical ballet world with sharper hip-hop and contemporary-based movements, taking advantage of Kai’s extensive dance training in a multitude of styles. His dance skills are well-known for a reason, and his mastery of many difficult techniques across different genres is truly incredible.

TWICE’s Mina studied ballet for a shocking 11 years before her debut as a main dancer in TWICE, and she’s clearly got a lot of skills to show for it. Her ability to freestyle her own ballet choreography is pretty impressive in and of itself, but she’s also featured in several special stages that showcase her gorgeous ballet dance capabilities over the course of her career as an idol. Her delicate but confident movements are one of her best features as a performer!

BTS’s Jimin has always had a certain elegance to his dance onstage, likely stemming from his years of training in ballet, modern, and contemporary dance (just to name a few.) While his hip-hop skills are undeniable, he really shines in more fluid, classical-inspired pieces. No matter what he does, the foundations of his ballet training always seem to make an appearance (ARMYs will recognize his ballet “first position” feet when he’s standing still!), and his performances are simply breathtaking.

Can you name any other K-pop idols with classical dance backgrounds? Let us know in the comments!