Back in June, photos and video clips of rookie Korean rock group 2Z began cropping up often on K-pop stan Twitter. But it wasn’t only the band’s feel-good music or striking visuals that were attracting attention — it was their public support for Black Lives Matter, which at the time was a rarity among Korean idols.

On June 1, 2Z shared a photo on Instagram of members Hojin, Jiseob, Junghyun, and Bumjun kneeling in a practice room. Their heads were down in honor of George Floyd, who was killed by police on May 25, sparking months of protests and calls to defund the police. “No racism, no violence, we want peace,” their caption read in English.

At that point, many bigger acts in the Korean popular music industry had been silent about Black Lives Matter, despite ceaseless requests from international fans to use their platforms to bring awareness to anti-Black racism — especially as beneficiaries of Black culture and music, both of which are embedded in much of Korean idol music. In that landscape, 2Z’s candid stance in support of the Black community, especially as a rookie group, came as a pleasant and encouraging surprise. Black fans began sharing more information about 2Z on Twitter, appreciating both their willingness to engage in issues fans care about, and their more rock-oriented sound.

The decision to post the image came after 2Z listened to their small but active fanbase. “A fan DMed us on Instagram and asked us to participate in a campaign to give influence and comfort as an uprising band. In the last sentence of the message, the sender expressed that 2Z had a lot of African American fans in the community,” band leader and drummer Bumjun tells Teen Vogue. “Before the issue, we knew that the news of George Floyd was a heartbreaking moment for all people across the world and a rapid movement of protests was taking place across the world. We believe that there is no value in the world that can exceed the value of a human.”

After seeing the impact that a simple message of unity can make, Bumjun says, “We have learned that through thick and thin, we are able to overcome anything if we are to work as one.”

Signed to agency Morph Management and music label GOGO2020, the group of models/musicians first debuted as K-rock band 2Z with five members: Bumjun, Hyunwoong, Hojin, Jiseob, and Junghyun on January 14, 2020. Main rapper Hyunwoong left the group in June to pursue other projects, but they’ve since added new member ZUNON to round out the fivesome. In the eight months since debut, they've set out to make a name for themselves in the Korean music industry and abroad. Their performance style trades flawless choreography and hip-hop stylings for guitars, drums, and rock ‘n roll glamour.

Despite being a rock band in name, the guys don’t want to limit themselves or their creative potential to just one genre. “Any new upcoming group will try to find their own niche whether it is in the music industry, filming industry, etc,” says Hojin, the main vocalist of 2Z. “We want to find the sweet spot where K-pop and K-rock could collide and form a new genre of music. The number one priority of our group is to share music with our fans.”

2Z’s fans are cleverly dubbed “FromA,” a moniker that guitarist Jiseob says, “just sort of happened” when they heard the common English phrase “from A to Z” while hanging out with their producers.