This past Friday, the VMAs announced the nominees for the ‘Best K-Pop’ category. Fans of the girl group Blackpink were surprised to see that they didn’t receive a nomination.

Blackpink is a South Korean girl group that was formed by YG Entertainment. The group consists of members Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa.

Besides BTS, Blackpink is one of the most popular K-Pop acts in the U.S. They have broken countless records with their newly released song “How You Like That.”

RELATED: 15 Things Fans Should Know About CL: The K-pop Star Dubbed 'More Influential Than Beyoncé

The song deducted at No.1 on iTunes in 60 countries, beating their own record with the song “Sour Candy,” a collaboration with Lady Gaga. Within 24 hours, “How You Like That” became the second most streamed song on Spotify worldwide, garnering 4.8 million streams the second of its release.

The group has already acquired numerous Guinness World Records. In June of 2020, Guinness World Records announced that Blackpink broke the record for "Most viewed YouTube video in 24 hours," "Most viewed music video on YouTube in 24 hours" and "Most viewed YouTube video in 24 hours by a K-pop group" for their new music video, which accumulated 86.3 million views on its first day.

Those records were previously held by BTS, another K-pop group that is widely popular. The record was held by their music video titled “Boy With Luv,” featuring Halsey.

Fans of the group were shocked to find out that Blackpink got zero nominations, despite the records they broke with “How You Like That.”

Some fans expressed their disappointment on Twitter.

Cut Off? Or Missed The Cutoff?

Blackpink is a K-pop powerhouse, so there's actually a very simple reason they didn’t make the cut for nominations. The other songs that were nominated were released in late 2019 and early 2020. Theirs is simply too recent.

For example, EXO’s song “Obsession” was released in November of 2019. (G)I-DLE’s song “Oh My God” was the latest song to be released among the contestant, with the music video coming out in April of 2020.

BlackPink’s “How You Like That” was released only a month ago, on June 26, 2020. It was probably too late for Blackpink to make it into the K-pop category this year - but the good news is, there's a good chance we'll see them there next year instead.

The 2020 VMAs on August 30, 2020, on MTV.

NEXT: 10 K-pop Artists To Listen To If You Love BTS