Deep into the promotional cycle for their first release in seven months, ATEEZ is sandwiched onto several couches in Seoul. Their 21-year-old leader, Hongjoong, wearing a jauntily tilted beret, heads a line of cheery greetings alongside his bandmates: fellow rapper Mingi, 21; vocalists Seonghwa, 22, San, Yunho, Yeosang, all 21, and Wooyoung, 20; and the youngest at 19, Jongho.

Since their debut in October 2018, this industrious eight-member boy band has released two albums and six EPs, including the latest, ZERO: FEVER Part.1 featuring the double A-side “Inception” and “THANXX”. They now have nearly 3 million followers on Instagram while their videos have racked up more than 420 million views. In March, they were forced to postpone their largely sold-out US and European tour due to Covid-19.

That hasn’t stopped the group from having their most successful comeback to date, with the new EP, ZERO: FEVER Part.1 selling more than 300,000 copies in a matter of weeks, their highest early sales thus far. Vogue discusses creativity with ATEEZ, the new challenges facing K-pop in a pandemic, and their new youth-focused prequel storyline.

Fans voted for the lead single to be “Inception”. For those of you that might have wanted to go with “THANXX”, has your perception of the song changed now that you’re performing it so often?

SAN: “I chose “THANXX” at the voting but I’ve changed my mind [towards] “Inception” because I felt that the concept itself is something that ATEEZ have never done, and performing with that concept was new and interesting.”

The more I listen to “Inception”, the more I think it’s about a goal or dream for yourselves, rather than focusing on another person. What’s your take on this?

SEONGHWA: “I think that everyone’s dream and perception of the dream is different. For us, we also have different dreams and goals and perceptions of it, so I want to give the listener a chance to interpret it in various ways depending on their own backgrounds. I want them to enjoy it based on their own stories.”

The voting process is really smart — it’s inclusive and there’s no need for guessing what the fans might want. What part of it do you enjoy most?

WOOYOUNG: “ATEEZ thinks of our fans as our colleagues; that they’re sharing the journey of life. So that’s what all these events are for, it’s to have the intention of making the album and all the comeback activities together with the fans.”

For the Diary Film, certain parts feel connected to your real lives. How do you choose what to include?

YUNHO: “We were inspired by each member’s characteristics, that’s true, but it wasn’t really the story of the members’ real life. Maybe incidents, like the story of Jongho’s ankle injury, make it feel like that but the whole story was made before ATEEZ debuted. You might think of the characters in the Diary Film as the sub-characteristics, the alter-ego of the members. I recommend that the viewers focus on the story itself.”

Mingi and Hongjoong, you’re able to directly put yourselves into the songs as writers, but I’m wondering how the other members do this. Do you talk to the producers about changing lines or singing a lyric a certain way? Is the process collaborative?

YUNHO: “It’s pretty much Hongjoong and Mingi who take their work into the song but, even before our debut, we’ve communicated a lot with the production and choreography teams. Every member takes part in the production. We make it happen because we’re really close to them.”

Why did you feel like the time was right for ‘ZERO: FEVER Part.1’, a prequel EP?

SAN: “There was always a lot of discussion about when and how to reveal the stories. We’ve been thinking now would be a perfect time to reveal the past story — which is about youth culture — before starting the next series after the Treasure series to encourage the fans to understand the whole story better.”

“Good Lil Boy” has the following lyrics: “You’ll understand when you’re older, I’m tired of these words,” and a similar line appears on “THANXX”. I’m interested in this theme running through the EP — what can you tell me about it?

HONGJOONG: “THANXX and Good Lil Boy share meanings; I wanted to express social issues in a fun way, where we can enjoy it. I wanted to talk to young people, who are pretty much [us], and those who are self-involved or never think that other people can be right. [They] say you have to do this thing or that thing, and I hate to listen [to that].”

My interpretation is “Good Lil Boy” is hopeful and “THANXX” is more defiant — have I got that right?

YEOSANG: “Yes, I think you got it right. In that sense, Good Lil Boy can be a cheering song for youth.”

HONGJOONG: “It’s a good interpretation. THANXX is more rebellious and Good Lil Boy is more like cheering ourselves and saying we can do something to make the world better.”

You had to postpone your tour because of Covid-19, which meant you had more time to work on ‘ZERO: FEVER Part.1’. Was it a different process to making your previous records?

HONGJOONG: “It gave us a lot of time to think about our album before it was released, and to put more into it. That break was good and bad at the same time. We’re doing a lot during promotion that we never thought we’d do, but it’s kind of a relief. I thought we wouldn’t be able to do anything, but we can still actually meet the fans.”

You’ve been doing things you haven’t done before, such as an online concert and video fan meets. Can you describe that experience?

SAN: “Interacting with fans on video calls… It’s interesting. Doing all the performances on stage without the fans is so frustrating. I need them to give me the strength!”

You’re doing really well, though!

HONGJOONG: “We’ve been given a good chance in this situation, it’s kind of a relief. I thought we wouldn’t be able to do anything because of this situation but thanks to all this technology, we can actually meet the fans.”

ATEEZ has made a lot of solo content so far in 2020. I really appreciated Mingi’s fashion films… What is it about clothes that you love so much?

MINGI: “The first goal was to give ATINY some interesting content to enjoy. All the members of ATEEZ are interested in fashion, but I wanted to share my styling tips and I also put my own music into the videos.”

I last interviewed you around a year ago. How do you think you’ve changed since then?

HONGJOONG: “For the whole year, we’ve been going through so many things. We get so many expectations and sometimes that’s a burden for us but as performers, in every aspect, we feel more comfortable; more mature.”

When you came to London in 2019, I asked if you felt like celebrities and you all said no. Has that changed?

WOOYOUNG: “I’m really thankful that there’s more ATINY now, but I really don’t really think of ourselves, or see ourselves, as celebrities.”

How do you see yourselves?

SAN: “I think we are ATINY’s friends.”

HONGJOONG: “It’s hard to distinguish the meaning between ‘celebrity’ and ‘artist’ but if I had to define ourselves, I’d say we are performers. I don’t think that will really change.”

KQ Entertainment did earn praise for addressing the issue so quickly, but when the ‘ZERO: FEVER Part.1’ photos were published, in which your hair was braided into cornrows, how did you feel about the criticism that was received?

HONGJOONG: “It was a surprise. It was unexpected. But I learned that we have to acknowledge historical or cultural issues in a more comprehensive manner. We’ll do our best to prevent it and make it not happen again.”

You’re the first idol artist, at least in my memory, who has discussed it publicly like this...

HONGJOONG: “There’s nothing really special I wanted to say about that. We wanted to deliver the message about caring more. I wanted to tell the fans about this. It’s the right thing to do.”

I’ve seen lots of fans talking about ATEEZ being one of the leaders of the fourth-generation (K-pop stars to debut after 2017). How does this make you feel?

YEOSANG: “It’s a compliment [but] it’s a little bit excessive. I feel that it’s more than we deserve, even though I’m grateful people say it.”

JONGHO: “To be the leader of the fourth-gen of K-pop idols isn’t our goal. I just want to enjoy the stage as always and show better performances to the fans, but I am very thankful that many people say that.”

This article was amended on 28 August 2020 to a Q&A format. Zero: Fever Part 1 is out now