K-Pop has truly become a global phenomenon. With its big-budget music videos, intricate choreography, and songs influenced by various genres around the world, it's not hard to see why millions of fans can't get enough. K-Pop idols' charming visuals and personalities especially make it fun to choose an individual group or soloist to follow. After joining a fandom, the first thing someone does is learn their bias' backstory. K-Pop audition videos are a great introduction into an artist's history because they offer a look at them before fame.

As fans know from watching celebrities' earliest videos, it takes a lot of work behind the scenes in order to debut as a K-Pop idol. Many of the most-loved performers in the industry trained for over a decade before finally getting their big break. Due to the rigorous training process, stars debut looking like absolute pros on stage, regardless of their age or time in the spotlight. In order to see how far idols have come in their individual journeys, fans use K-Pop audition videos to compare their growth over time.

Whether you've been a K-Pop fan for one or 10 years, these throwback clips won't fail to make you nostalgic.

Jungkook's sweet, angelic voice and his exceptional range are two of the many reasons ARMYs love him. Since he's so confident on stage now, it's hard to believe he was once shy about performing in front of others. Fans must be so proud of how far he's come.

As you can see from the audition video above, before J-Hope hit it big, he tried out to join JYP as a trainee. He didn't make it, but that didn't stop him from chasing his dreams. Over time, he continued to perfect his craft and eventually, he signed with Big Hit Entertainment and became one-seventh of the global phenomenon BTS.

Similar to other idols' audition stories, Xiumin didn't make the cut to join JYP. However, he didn't let rejection get in the way of pursuing his goal of becoming a pro and ended up making it through to become an SM trainee. Now he's a member of one of the biggest K-Pop bands in the world!