There are so many things about the K-Pop world that excite fans. At the top of the list is their faves making a comeback with an epic performance and mesmerizing choreography to go along with it, but there's also the unexpected fashion changes, never-ending merchandise, and highly-anticipated award shows. With so many K-Pop groups out there, it's no surprise fans become curious about their personal lives. When two of their faves are rumored to be dating, a lot of the time, fans think it's too good to be true, but that doesn't stop them from feeling giddy at the possibility. Of course, some of them are just rumors, while others turn out to be real. These 10 K-Pop couples stole fans' hearts when their relationships were confirmed.

Fans will be surprised to see some of the couples on this list are still going strong, while others are unfortunately no longer together. Others are a bit more low-key about where their relationship stands today due to wanting to maintain some privacy. Regardless of their status, they made fans swoon at one point or another. If you want to know which of your favorite stars are still together, this list will give you a quick run down of the biggest couples in the K-Pop music scene over the the past few years.

For years, fans watched Hyuna and Pentagon's Dawn's friendship unfold as idols under Cube Entertainment. In 2017, they became members of the K-Pop trio Triple H, where they grew even closer, but they made it clear they were just friends. That's why when they confirmed they were an item in August 2018 and had actually been dating for two years, fans were shook.

They were unfortunately let go from their agency in a wave of controversy, with Cube Entertainment claiming in a statement that the couple had broken their "trust."

But it was all for the best. Soon afterward, the couple signed as soloists with P-Nation (Psy's label), and, now, they get to be open about their relationship while continuing to pursue their dreams. For example, they share countless selfies together on Instagram and even attend red carpet events as a couple. Looks like a win-win.

The Korean news outlet Dispatch first reported Kang Daniel and TWICE's Jihyo were dating on Aug. 5, 2019. Days later, both Jihyo’s agency, JYP Entertainment, and Daniel’s, KONNECT Entertainment, confirmed they were "meeting with interest in each other" after a mutual friend introduced them. The two have been really private about their relationship, so there's been no updates since then, but fans ship it like FedEx anyway.

Before confirming they're an item in January 2020, Heechul and Momo were just friends. Along with the rest of TWICE, Momo guest starred on Heechul's variety show Knowing Brothers several times through the years. Every time they reunited, Momo and Heechul posted a selfie of their meet up. Eventually, their relationship evolved from friendly to romantic. "Heechul and Momo are in a relationship. They have recently started a relationship that grew from a sunbae-hoobae friendship in the industry," JYP explained in a statement.

By far, one of the most talked-about romances in the K-Pop world was also one of the most short-lived (sadly). I'm talking about BLACKPINK's Jennie and EXO's Kai. Unfortunately, after a few months of dating, the couple reportedly called it quits in January 2019 due to having busy schedules, and the news broke fans' hearts.

Momoland's Daisy and iKON’s Yunhyeong's respective companies, MLD Entertainment and YG Entertainment, released conflicting statements when rumors of their romance hit the internet in February 2019. MLD said the couple had been "seeing each other for three months" by then, while YG claimed they "met up a few times," but were not dating. Either way, the thought of them together makes fans swoon.

In August 2018, photos surfaced online of (G)I-DLE’s Soojin and PENTAGON’s Hui reportedly linking arms, causing fans to speculate they were dating. As soon as those rumors began, the stars' agency, Cube Entertainment, revealed Soojin and Hui were once together, but had since split up. So it was over for fans before it even began, sadly.

Fans have lost track how many times G-Dragon and Lee Joo Yeon have been caught up in dating rumors. The latest batch cropped up in April 2020 after the actress posted a picture of someone with their face cut off. Of course, due to all the constant romance rumors involving the stars, fans guessed it was G-Dragon. Fans may never get their answer as to whether these two are really together or not, but they like shipping the pair anyway.

After the Korean broadcasting channel SBS funE reported the two were dating, Kyungri and JinWoon revealed it was true in November 2019. They started seeing each other in late 2017 after working on several television programs together. There's been no updates regarding the couple's relationship status since they went public.

After getting together in 2017, fans immediately fell in love with Lee Joon and Jung So Min. Sadly, the pair reportedly broke up in June 2020. "They’ve decided to remain on good terms and cheer each other on as fellow actors," a source told Dispatch, adding the couple grew apart after focusing on their respective careers.

Lee Jung Jin and Nine Muses' Euaerin confirmed their relationship in January 2018. After that, the couple kept things low-key, but would update fans occasionally, letting them know they were "doing well." Sadly, in April 2019, they announced they went their separate ways.

Seeing these relationships blossom or end has been a roller coaster ride for fans. From wondering if they were really together or just friends to receiving confirmation from their companies they're the real deal, they've witnessed it all. Fans can't wait to see who among their fave idols finds love next.