The League of Legends K-Pop group, K/DA, is releasing a new single called ‘The Baddest’ and Riot Games are updating Evelynn, Kai’Sa, Akali, and Ahri’s styles to celebrate their follow-up debut.

In the lead up to the song’s release, Riot have been teasing new ‘pre-release outfits’ for the popular League champions as the days wind down to the August 27 premier of the group’s second track.

While the only full-length character preview of the group is in the form of a blacked out silhouette at the header of K/DA’s new Twitter profile, the account has been slowly rolling out what to expect for every champion.

In the debut, Riot not only released an incredible music video to accompany the wide release of the song, but included their new digs in League of Legends for players to buy into.

With excitement building for the second single, the devs could be giving people a taste of what’s to come by showing off the first look at new K/DA skins.

A few days after announcing the premier date for The Baddest, ‘The Queen’ Ahri was shown with a black lace outfit that is a change of pace from the white, gold, and purple themed design from 2018.
• Read more: G2 Perkz reveals which League champion he wants to see removed

What’s giving League players a reason to believe this design will eventually be an in-game cosmetic is that they come with signatures of each individual character.

Signatures are included for the commemorative skins awarded to that year’s World Championship winners since 2016.

On August 24, Riot released another look to the K/DA collective, this time with jungler Evelynn showing off her new hair and accompanying silver claws.
• Read more: Riot confirm no Ryze buffs on League Patch 10.18 despite low winrate

She too has an all-black outfit with only lavender highlights that matches the character’s traditional palette.

Even Seraphine, another Twitter account that could be a live-teaser for a new LoL champ, praised the design, saying: “I bow to my Queen.” Interestingly, Evelynn has been given the descriptor of ‘The Diva,’ unlike Ahri.

The third teaser for K/DA’s renewed style showcased Kai’Sa in a brand new design that mirrors the group’s new direction.

Named ‘The Dancer,’ the alternate style for this rendition of Kai’Sa is already a hit among fans who can’t wait for the full reveal.

When K/DA debuted, Kai’Sa was 2018’s first champion release and an incredibly popular character among general audiences.

The final member to be debuted is none other than Akali, or as she’s simply known this time as ‘The Rebel.’ After the first single from the K/DA group, Akali and her alternate look in neon lighting, became an instant favorite among League players

Now the rebel is going to be more in-line with the rest of her group mates this time around, as she adopts the same black get-up the others have been showcased wearing.

With all the K/DA members revealed before The Baddest’s release, League fans are eager to see how they all fit together in their full reveal once the single drops.