While most of these youngsters' accidentally found out about the nationwide K-Pop contest - that sees dance as well as vocal competitions - all of them thank themselves retrospectively for taking the opportunity. Many have also started to learn the Korean language and pick up the subtler nuances of Korean culture.

Subiksha, another Chennai-based participant, says she "got interested in K-pop because it was a unique type of music to listen to at that time (2009), was super catchy, amazing music videos and was slowly getting popular!"

Ignited Spirits, 2019 regional round winners from Andhra Pradesh's Guntur, says: "I first got to know about K-Pop by myself while I was surfing through YouTube. The first group that I encountered was BTS and I was so excited watching the songs. After knowing about Kpop, I was really fascinated and thought to make a dance cover of BTS - Boy with Luv, then, got to know about K-Pop contest by some of my friends... and then the journey of started."

Paris, a group member of 'The Chaser', which won Lucknow round last year, told IANSlife "K-Pop in India has grown immensely popular in the last few years and promises to go only uphill from here. After Gangnam Style, BTS and Blackpink brought incredible exposure for all the music enthusiasts in India. However, the mainstream Indian audience is yet to recognize K-Pop for its incredibly talented artists."

Anupriya, from the same group adds: "Being a fan of Anime the idols looked more like anime boys dancing around and they were really cool. Also these idols broke the stereotype of how a male should look or behave. Also the way they were portrayed in front of media and their relationship with the fans were more appealing plus their hard-work. All these were new to me so I was captivated."

Her team member Snigdha shared that all of her friends know about K-Pop and most of them have their Spotify filled with their kpop artists. Ishitaa says: "As compared to when I first got into K-Pop, there are actually a lot of people around me who know about it! I do think it is slowly but surely entering the mainstream more."