OPINION: The best gig I ever attended was a K-pop concert.

I was living in Dubai at the time, and 30 Korean popstars had jetted in for a music festival. I was K-curious – I knew the moves to the 2012 Psy smash hit Gangnam Style – but I didn’t really know what to expect.

My mind was blown. I stood there, surrounded by thousands of screaming fans – some who had travelled from Saudi Arabia – as their onstage idols executed ridiculously complicated dance routines while singing and rapping flawlessly.

Not knowing Korean, I had no idea what they were singing about, but the tunes were so catchy they were stuck in my head for weeks (as an example, look up Chewing Gum by NCT Dream on YouTube).

K-pop has taken the world by storm over the past decade, with groups like BTS and Blackpink building a global fan base that makes the likes of One Direction and Justin Bieber seem small-fry by comparison.

READ MORE:

 * 'My favourite destination': K-pop stars BTS fall in love with New Zealand

 * K-pop stamps Korea's mark on the world

 * The Kiwis riding the K-Pop music wave



Which is why it’s great to see TVNZ recognising the phenomenon with their new show K-Pop Academy, which you can watch on the TVNZOnDemand platform.

The show follows a diverse squad of Kiwi tweens and teens as they take part in a two-week K-pop boot camp led by local dancer-choreographer extraordinaire Rina Chae.

We watch the hopefuls go through singing and dancing auditions, before being selected and divided into groups. Some have years of formal dance training behind them, but plenty more have taught themselves K-pop moves through YouTube videos.

Chae – who has worked with Beyonce and Justin Bieber in her dance career – is a formidable instructor, and knows how to turn her pupils into star performers. In a fun addition, each episode is accompanied by a dance tutorial video from Chae, so viewers can attempt to recreate the moves at home.

While entertaining, the show is definitely aimed at younger fans, and parents hoping to understand their teen’s obsession with BTS probably won’t be any more enlightened.

But watching these young people from diverse backgrounds come together through their shared love of the genre, it’s obvious there’s much more to K-pop than just flashy costumes and killer dance routines.

If you're new to K-pop, here’s five bands every beginner should know about:

This seven-member boy band is one of the biggest music acts on the planet. Since their debut in 2013, they’ve sold more than 20 million albums, making them the best-selling Korean artists of all time.

The girl group made history last year by becoming the first K-pop act to perform at the US music festival Coachella.

Another massive boy band, EXO debuted in 2012 and have embarked on several sold-out world tours. The band is currently on hiatus, as three members are completing their compulsory military service.

One of the bands that helped kick off the global K-pop craze, Big Bang have been around since 2006 and have influenced many of today’s artists. The group are as famous for their cutting-edge style as they are for their songs.

Another legendary K-pop act, this nine-member girl group was compared to the Spice Girls at the peak of their fame in the early 2010s. They’ve since shifted their focus to solo projects.