On any given day, major English-language media outlets may be covering a handful, if any, topics relating to South Korea’s pop music industry industry. And while there are K-pop-specific English-language news sites, many fans of Korean pop acts turn to fan translators on social media platforms as the most accessible news source. These fan translators on Twitter are shaping the way South Korean entertainment news is disseminated to non-Korean-speaking fans, and doing it for free.

Acting like realtime wires that exist beyond the realm of journalism, accounts like @balloon_wanted (henceforth known as balloon) and @OH_mes2 (aka OH_mes) translate news relating to South Korea’s entertainment industry, taking content from major news outlets in South Korea and translating them. While there are many, many fan translators for specific fandoms, and some, like @BTS_Trans, have well over 1 million followers, accounts like OH_mes and balloon are more general, and, as of publication, have around 448,000 and 64,000 respectively.

As fan translators, balloon and OH_mes spend time just about every day bringing news to K-pop fans on Twitter, oftentimes faster than many, if not all, English-language media entities. Each month, their follower counts grow by several thousand as new individuals find their translations to be of interest. Their popularity comes at a time that fan-run aggregation sites aren’t new for pop culture, and they’re prevalent on Twitter, where accounts like Pop Crave and Chart Data have become important information sources.

To them, this free labor fills a void in the divide between South Korea’s entertainment industry and it’s international audiences, and they take their work quite seriously. While they’re both intent on keeping their identities anonymous due to the sensitivity of their work and K-pop Stan Twitter, each spoke with Forbes and shared a bit about themselves and their work ethic. balloon revealed that she is a female Gen Z-er who asked that her location not be revealed but she was born and raised in Korea, while OH_mes is a male in his mid 20s who travels a lot between the United States and South Korea. On any given day, they each tweet anywhere from zero to over 50 entertainment news story-related tweets. They both recall falling into providing this service to other K-pop fans because they felt there was a need not being fulfilled by any formal entities.

“When I started, there weren't many places to get quick news,” recalls OH_mes, who started out as a translator specifically for content related to the popular temporary girl group I.O.I that was active through 2017 after being formed on a television show in 2016. “The only places to get news were from news sites, which in itself is fine, but many people also just want quick information. So after doing only I.O.I related updates for a little while, I started to provide some updates on other artists too, and it just took off from there. In the end, it's all about letting other fans know what's happening in the Korean Entertainment industry. That's why I don't only provide K-Pop news, but also some drama and movies news. Since Korean Entertainment isn't only based on K-Pop.”

balloon started translating in part as an opportunity to practice her English and similarly also began by not necessarily catering to general K-pop fans on Twitter: she originally worked on helping with video content relating to boy band INFINITE and then started translating articles to share on the K-pop Reddit. “I noticed at times there would be some translations that had inaccuracies, didn't really capture the intended meaning of the piece, or were leaving out interesting details due to the brevity,” says ballon. “I just felt like there wasn't really anyone at the time who was actually consistently posting whole-article translations. So I thought that I could give it a try.” After seeing her work being cross-posted onto Twitter one of her friends suggested she transition to that platform, where a majority of English-language discourse surrounding K-pop now exists.

Both do their own tweeting and translating, though balloon says she sometimes talks to others about the nuance of translations. She says on a busy day she’ll spend around 5 hours on-and-off checking the news for updates during times of day when news typically comes out of South Korea. OH_mes, meanwhile, says he spends about 15-20 minutes on it a day in total, though typically is multi-tasking and monitors K-pop news while doing other things in case a story breaks.

Both have faced criticism for various translations or actions they’ve made throughout their experience, with people claiming that they have bias if they don’t cover something, or translate something in a way that doesn’t align with fan perceptions.

“Getting news on its own, it's all just from [South Korean portal site] Naver or official Twitter accounts,” shares OH_mes. “Deciding what to translate and share is what people consider ‘controversial’ for me. I've been hit with lots of ‘OH_mes is anti [of] X group’ more times than I can count. There's really only two things that happen if I am not posting anything about some piece of news: either I missed it because I was busy, or it was something international. I don't post updates about iTunes No. 1's, YouTube views – I only did it once or twice I think – smaller international awards. I tend to focus on [awards] within Korea, or the large events such as the BBMAs (BTS) or Oscars (Parasite). The more specific group accomplishments aren't something I want to focus on updating. Those groups all have their own translating fans who can provide much more specifics than I can.”

For balloon, she uses an RSS aggregator to consolidate numerous sources to help her better gather stories together rather than having to go hunt them out, though occasionally she does do that, or gets tips from friends or finds stories on various forums. “As far as deciding what to share and translate, I tend to focus on things that I’m able to follow and share updates on. I mainly like to focus on music comebacks, but I also do find it worth sharing important issues that happen in the entertainment industry as a whole. I do what I do because I want to share news and updates as accurately and timely as possible. The last thing I want is a mistranslation, or even a lack of any translation, having a negative effect on an artist or a group.”

Neither are particularly concerned that they provide news and translations for free that oftentimes gain thousands, if not millions, of impressions on Twitter; even journalists follow their accounts. But they do it because they want to. “Tying my translations to an account dedicated to just them allows me to separate personal interests and opinions from content I try to largely capture in a fact-based, objective way,” says balloon. “So I like to remain anonymous since it lets me live my own real life outside of just K-Pop. And as someone who’s passionate about journalism, I can stay close to the latest updates and stories in K-Pop too!”

Both have run into issues that have made them rethink what they’re doing and how they’re doing it: OH_mes lost his first account and had to open a second one after he was suspended on DMCA violations for sharing content from South Korean broadcaster KBS, which he describes as “a mistake” but a blessing in disguise. “It gave me some time to think about whether I still wanted to continue posting updates, and in the end I took about a 3 month break from updates, coming back on April 1, 2019. All planned, by the way - Happy April Fool's Day,” he explains. He adds that as a sizable account he’s made his own missteps and has his haters but feels gratitude towards those who find his work useful. “It's also been a way for me to just take my mind off working or off real-life, and have a quick break with something that I like, which is Korean entertainment.”

For balloon, she recently had to limit her comment section after getting the new Twitter function because she learned people were sharing problematic content as comments on her tweets. “I felt as someone who has over 50-thousand followers my platform could be one where someone came across inappropriate content and I didn't want that to happen under any circumstance. Ironically, with comments limited, I now more often see people actually discussing the substance of the articles by quoting and retweeting, which is great!” OH_mes didn’t have the function as of the time of this interview.

Through translating, both have come to better understandings of the K-pop industry that they love so much. “Regarding artists, I'm not an insider or anything so I don't know any behind the scenes stories about artists,” explains OH_mes. “But what I have gotten a greater appreciation for is just how much work they do to try and please their fans. Their hours, days, weeks, and even months of preparation for a performance that may just last 3 minutes, or a show that will last a couple hours, is something that should be commended.”

balloon similarly says she feels like it’s been an overall positive experience, and she particularly enjoys, “helping be a voice for those with a limited audience. I believe all artists should be treated fairly and one that really sticks out for me is the moment Shannon Williams used her platform on Instagram to share the mistreatment [of] her best friend, B.I.G’s Benji, was facing. I was alarmed at how no other platforms were sharing this news. Through all of this as well, Shannon was able to clarify everything even further and other platforms started sharing this story.”

At the end of the day, both individuals do what they do out of love, and will keep doing it until they can’t do it any longer. “I haven't made a single cent off this account,” says OH_mes. “I do it because I enjoy letting others know what is happening in the K-Pop industry.”