In this op-ed, writer Anjana Pawa unpacks the fan and artist response to a recent incident where members of SEVENTEEN were filmed singing to a Norazo song called “Curry,” which has lyrics that contain harmful South Asian stereotypes. This piece is a companion to Anjana’s interview with the members of SEVENTEEN, which occurred before this segment was aired.

On July 13, K-pop boy group SEVENTEEN released an episode of their weekly variety show Going Seventeen, where the 13 members of the group participate in challenges and games for their fans (referred to as “Carats”) to enjoy. In the episode, the members did mock-auditions for a singing competition show. Each member one went up and sang a song in front of their assigned judges; Wonwoo sang a song that Korean fans instantly recognized as “Curry.”

After a few hours, fans began to realize the song was familiar — it had been sung before by some members of the group on a vlog series called “Inside Seventeen.” Back in April, an episode of this series was posted on the group’s YouTube channel. In it, the members take a trip to an Indian restaurant in San Jose during their recent North American tour. As they dip their naan into their curry on the table in front of them, they can be heard singing the same tune.

“Curry” is a song by a K-pop duo called Norazo. Originally released 10 years ago, became a massive hit in Korea. The song’s music video depicts one of the members of Norazo wearing brownface while singing the lyrics, “Shanti, Shanti / Yoga, Fire / I love hot curry” and imitating a traditional South Asian dance. “Curry'' became a household hit, the remnants of which still exist in the country’s pop culture references. But the song and its music video, both of which feature harmful assumptions and stereotypes of South Asian people, reveal issues of culturally-rooted racism that still exists in South Korea and other countries.

Immediately following the episode, South Asian fans began to voice their concerns on social media. They shared their thoughts via email and posts on fan platform Weverse, following a fan-made template to explain why the artist’s actions were hurtful. On Twitter, trended the hashtags #PLEDISReleaseTheStatement and #PLEDISApologise, a call to action for SEVENTEEN’s management team, Pledis, to address the controversy. They have thus far been met with silence, and Pledis also declined Teen Vogue’s request for comment.

Seeing K-pop and South Asian motifs or references combined isn’t exactly new. Recently, it has existed in two forms in Korean idol spaces: first, as an aesthetic, like when BLACKPINK used a statue of a Hindu deity as decoration on the set of their latest music video for “How You Like That,” or when (G)I-DLE performed in front of a backdrop of a mosque at the 2019 Golden Disc Awards. The second way is the subject of mockery. SVT’s version of “Curry” didn’t occur in a vacuum — other groups like Weki Meki and OH MY GIRL have also performed the “Curry” song on public stages.

Both cultural appropriation and stereotyping under the guise of a “joke” feed into similar problems. It’s not just the fact that an idol wears a bindi or sings a popular song about curry — it’s another example of artists profiting off of cultures that are not their own, dehumanizing other groups of people in the process. Those actions erase the rich culture of various ethnic groups, turn those groups into a monolith, and generalize them into stereotypes that reinforce false perceptions.