Every summer in the K-pop industry, there’s an unwritten battle for a standout song of the summer track among its girl groups. Most chart-toppers have come in the form of breezy anthems (most notably Sistar ’s string of smashes from 2012 to 2015), but (G)I-DLE have also delivered an annual summer success since their 2018 debut with a range of sounds. After the dark and sinister “Hann (Alone)” and last year’s ‘90s-inspired hip-hop cut “Uh Oh,” the multinational sextet takes the feel-good approach with “Dumdi Dumdi.”

Introduced at an online media showcase earlier today (August 3) in Seoul, the new track “Dumdi Dumdi” delivers another side of (G)I-DLE with a flirty and fun cut boasting booming percussion, light Latin-pop influences and a subtle incorporation of the dependably catchy whistle hook. The girls shout out their intention to "turn up my summer" along with a TikTok-ready dance break featuring an easy-to-follow drum and finger choreography.

(G)I-DLE’s rapping leader Soyeon, who co-wrote and co-produced the track, continues to outdo herself with one of her most memorable verses so far, trying out vocal-0manipulation effects while simultaneously spitting some of her fastest rhymes to date on the second verse. Meanwhile, vocalist Minnie snags a standout moment with a dreamy delivery on the bridge before Miyeon swoops in with a soaring belt to take us to the song’s outro. It all feels fresh for (G)I-DLE who take another major musical turn after employing slow-churning electronic-pop back in “Oh My God” from early spring.

The accompanying video also brings out the singers’ acting sides. From Shuhua playing a worn-out diner worker to the mischievous Soojin looking for something to cure a bout of boredom, as well as Cowgirl Yuqi literally riding into set on a horse, the visual lets the members embrace new characters and bring additional vim to the vibe of “Dumdi Dumdi.”

The new single marks (G)I-DLE’s next move in what’s increasingly becoming an even bigger breakout year for the K-pop outfit. After signing with a U.S. label in Republic Records, they scored their biggest album sales to date with I Trust in the spring—an album they told me shows their “contrast” as a group—before releasing new music aimed at the U.S. market that helped them score a nomination at the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards.

No doubt this latest single will keep their trajectory high and, just maybe, earn them the coveted girl group song of the summer title. So far there’s strong competition from BLACKPINK’s “How You Like That,” Oh My Girl’s “Dolphin” and April’s “Now or Never,” but it’s still anyone’s game and (G)I-DLE did promise to come and “turn up” the summer.