At 13-years-old, Kwon Bo-ah released her first album ID; Peace B on August 25, 2000. Two decades later, the South Korean pop star known as BoA has gone on to become one of the country’s, and Asia’s, most beloved pop divas, with over a dozen albums in Korean, Japanese and English, and so many hit songs that it would be hard to fit them all in one paragraph.

Recognized as the first South Korean artist that broke into the Japanese music scene, the second-largest music market in the world, and led a wave of Korean pop acts rising to prominence in that country in the ‘00s – and the first South Korean artist to ever land an album on the Billboard 200 albums chart back in 2009 – BoA’s impact is still felt to this day, with her releases in recent years exploring what it means to be a woman at the top of her industry with everything to show for it. To celebrate her 20-years in the industry, BoA’s working on a new album, but also collaborated withartists including Gallant, Baekhyun of EXO, Red Velvet and Bol4 to remake some of her biggest hits through the Our Beloved BoA project.

Speaking to Forbes ahead of the anniversary, BoA discussed what she’s working on, her legacy, and how her love of music and performing is going to keep her going for years to come.

Tamar Herman: Firstly, congratulations on 20 years in this industry. How do you feel about achieving this milestone, of being an active artist and leading the K-pop industry for twenty years?

BoA: It’s a little hard to believe that it’s already been 20 years. It’s been very interesting, and a lot of people have been contacting me and congratulating me. But overall it’s an interesting and weird feeling.

BoA: Cause people told me that I’m still young. [Laughs] I just started too young, too early.

Herman: You are still so young since, as you say, you started early in your career. So how does it feel to have reached 20 years into your career at this stage in life?

BoA: Obviously, I’ve been a singer for longer than my whole life span [prior] basically, and I made the decision to become a singer very early. I think I’m really lucky and blessed to be doing what I love as my life’s work.

Herman: How are you celebrating this accomplishment?

BoA: I’ve been working on my upcoming album and, like I said earlier, all of my fans and everyone at the company has just been congratulating me so it’s become more and more real to me that it’s already been 20 years and I’m celebrating this anniversary. But, you know, personally I’m trying not to put too much weight on that number because I think I still have so much left in my career and this could lead to a 30-year anniversary and more.

Herman: What can we look forward to on your upcoming album?

BoA: I’ve been working really hard on it, and a lot of people have been giving me advice like, “Maybe we should do this or that special thing for this 20-year anniversary album.” But I think what I wanted to do with this particular album is do what is most like me, like BoA. This album is going to have a lot of what I personally want to put in. The work I should put out as an artist, as BoA right now.

Herman: Your label SM Entertainment is releasing the Our Beloved BoA series through its SM Station digital singles platform, with many popular K-pop artists covering some of your biggest hits. How do you feel about this project, and getting to see these talents reinvent your work?

BoA: One of the first things that I noticed was how these songs were being remade to a more kind of 2020 current vibe, and how the composition changed. That was really cool to see. Just in general, it’s really awesome to see these younger juniors and artists covering my songs. It’s not really common for me to hear other artists cover my songs, especially the older songs, so that fact itself is really cool. Seeing male artists cover my songs, that’s also not very common so being able to hear that and be a part of that was very cool.

Herman: Gallant recreated “Only One” in English. How was it to see him rework that song, and recreate it?

BoA: With Gallant, he had actually said in an interview in the past that he was a fan. That itself was really cool to me. When we were working on this project and deciding who would cover “Only One,” I specifically wanted a male artist to cover that song. The fact that Gallant was able to partake in that was really cool. He wrote his own lyrics for that, so to see how he reinterpreted it and remade it into his own style was really wonderful. I think his version of it really portrays Gallant as an artist so that was really cool to see.

Herman: You’re considered one of the foundational acts for K-pop, especially in regard to its growth in Japan and you were the first K-pop artist to land an album on the Billboard 200. How do you feel about the current state of K-pop, and your impact on it as one of the most integral early artists regarding its global expansion?

BoA: Obviously, it’s a huge honor for me to be even called that, to be considered one of the first to lead this industry, one of the first to start the whole K-pop wave. I actually started when the word “K-pop” didn’t really exist at the time. On top of that, I did stuff in Japan, I promoted in the U.S. And it wasn’t easy because I was kind of the first one to lead the way. I think it’s just a huge honor that I get recognized in that way, and that I’ve come this far. K-pop itself as an industry is just getting so much bigger, and is at center stage for worldwide attention and has become a phenomenon of sorts. I just hope that, not just for me but for the industry as a whole, that more great music comes out, that K-pop artists would be able to showcase greater performances and stages, that it will continue to grow in that way.

Herman: Throughout all the ups and downs of your 20 years as an artist, what has motivated you?

BoA: I just really love what I’m doing, I love my music, I love my performances. Yea, that’s my motivation.

Herman: How has your approach to music and performing changed over the years?

BoA: I wouldn’t really say my approach has changed over the years. I think in every moment I stayed true to what I wanted to do in that moment, what kind of music and performances I wanted to do. There was a natural flow in the way I progressed as an artist, and I think that’s just how I approached each state of my career. In particular, since you mentioned performing, my performances and my stage performances are something I take great pride in.

Herman: What is something you wish you could tell 13-year-old BoA today?

BoA: I’ve said this before in other interviews as well, but something I would revisit or tell my younger self is just don’t be too harsh on yourself.

Herman: You mentioned earlier how you thought you were “too young.” Do you feel in retrospect that starting later may have been easier?

BoA: Actually, not really. Because at the time when I debuted, I didn’t think I was that young. But now that I look back, I was really, really young. To be celebrating my 20th debut anniversary in my 30s kind of speaks to itself.

Herman: You’re looking forward to the future already, so how do you feel about being able to look towards a future where you’re still performing in 10, 20, 30, years?

BoA: Actually, I have been compared a lot to Madonna when it comes to the longevity of my career. So when I look to her and see her so active and releasing new music, putting on these amazing performances. I think I can also be doing that at that age too. Because the music industry is changing, I don’t think age is that important. It’s not that crucial.

Herman: 20 years since you began, what do you consider your legacy is as BoA?

BoA: The word ‘legacy’ seems like such a huge word to put on my career but I would just say, part of the legacy that remains as an artist, as BoA, is all of the music that I’ve made. All my albums, all the music videos we’ve created, all my performances.

Herman: Does it feel weird to be considering your legacy at this point, when you’re so young?

Herman: What is something you hope people think about BoA and your music as you move forward in your career?

BoA: I think I want to be known as someone who is just good at what she does, whether it’s singing, performing, dancing. I think I still have so much that I want to do, so much that I want to accomplish. I have so much passion to do that, and I just hope going forward in my career that people will see me as an artist they can continue to expect things from.

This interview was conducted in both English and Korean, with the assistance of a translator, and edited for clarity.