K-pop isn’t just loved by teenage girls around the world – adults are also big fans of Korean music.

But apparently Vitor de Souza, from Brazil, isn’t one of those people.

Brother to little sister Emanuela, Vitor was in charge of sorting out her birthday party.

12-year-old Emanuela loves all things K-pop and hoped for a birthday bash inspired by her idols, say BTS, Blackpink, or EXO.

Instead, she got a party themed around Kim Jong-Un. You know, the Supreme Leader of North Korea.

In the most brotherly move ever, Vitor decided to prank Emanuela with the Kim Jong-Un birthday bash, saying the politician was the most famous Korean person he knew.

Vitor shared a Facebook post and a YouTube video showing off his party-planning skills.

He wrote: ‘Today is my sister’s birthday, she’s a K-pop fan. I was in charge of the decorations. Since I don’t know any K-pop bands, I decorated it with the most famous Korean I know. She loved it.’

In a video posted to his YouTube channel, Vitor was filmed ushering his sister into the party, where she was left gobsmacked by all the images of the North Korean leader.

Not only was the wall decorated with a ‘happy birthday’ message from Kim Jong-Un, but the cake was also adorned with not one, but seven images of the politician.

Thankfully, Emanuela appreciated the joke and told her mum, who filmed the whole thing, that she liked it.

At least it’s not a birthday she’ll forget any time soon.

Vitor’s post received more than 84,000 shares on Facebook, with people finding the whole situation hilarious.

Siblings especially could relate to the prank and said their brothers would do the same thing.

One person wrote: ‘My favourite idol,’ while another joked: ‘His song is just a blast’.

One user joked: ‘Kim Jong is so good. My friend went to Korea to see him. He never came back. Maybe he fell in love with Kim Jong’s music and decided to stay there’.

Another person said Vitor knew what he was doing, saying: ‘Look at that smug face! He knows exactly what he did. Troll of the year nominee!’

Do you have a story you want to share?

Email metrolifestyleteam@metro.co.uk to tell us more.

MORE : YouTuber Kristen Hanby under fire for ‘cruel’ prank as he ‘dyes’ girlfriend blue