On September 18th, BTS, TXT, and thousands of online viewers got to witness the inception of brand new boy group, ENHYPEN, from the competition show I-LAND.

BTS and TXT’s parent company BigHit Entertainment created I-LAND in partnership with CJ E&M through their joint venture Belift Lab. The show had been in the making for quite some time; they held auditions beginning in March 2019 in Seoul, Japan, the U.S., and more countries, targeting male applicants born between 1997 and 2008. The goal? To create your next favorite K-pop boy group.

During the live finale of I-LAND, the group-in-progress got its name: ENHYPEN. “Just like hyphens connect different words to make new meanings, members of ENHYPEN will connect, discover each other, and grow together,” the show explained of the name’s meaning.

While there were nine finalists at the beginning of the episode, only seven young performers were selected for the group’s debut. Jungwon, Jay, Jake, Ni-ki, Heeseung (who was a trainee with TXT) and Sunghoon were chosen by global viewers, while Sunoo made it into the group as the producers’ choice. Unfortunately, this meant that fans and the boys had to say goodbye to the remaining contestants, Daniel and K.

It was an intense end to an emotional rollercoaster of a season. Viewers got to see the heartwarming return of previously eliminated contestants, who joined the nine finalists to perform IU’s song “Into the I-Land.” The boys also received food packages and letters from their parents, and even received words of encouragement from BTS during the announcement ceremony.

Member J-Hope shared words of wisdom for when the group debuts: “You'll debut soon so [I] hope to be a good colleague,” he said per the video’s official translation. “I hope you never forget ... your beginnings and what you've dreamed of, what you've surrendered to be here. You must love music and try hard and be passionate for performances. With that I’m sure you'll shine even more.” Jimin added, “Never forget your fans and love your members and your job. I'm sure you'll have a good outcome. I'll cheer you on.”

Now that ENHYPEN has its final lineup, we can’t wait to see what they’ll come out with next — and hopefully we haven’t seen the last of Daniel and K either. Plus, there’s already a call for auditions for the next season of I-Land, and this time they’re looking to create the next girl group.

Let us slide into your DMs. Sign up for the Teen Vogue daily email.

Want more from Teen Vogue? Check this out: MAX Unpacks "Blueberry Eyes" Collaboration With BTS Member Suga