To many, he’s the blueprint, inspiring both younger and older idols alike who consider him iconic. Taemin is thankful for that reputation, but he also says that it’s mutual: “I'm very thankful to be considered as a role model for younger artists. I always get a lot of support and energy from them, so I’m glad to give back that positive energy.”

There’s an inherent ease in the way Taemin speaks, in the way his crystalline voice echoes, straightforward and confident. It’s the speech of a dancer — someone who first learned how to express the range of human emotions through his physical body, and who has now transformed this knowledge into part of his whole being.

Before Act 1, he released “2 Kids,” a prologue single meant to introduce this new era. “Two kids, too young and dumb. If I endured everything, would it be different?” he wonders in the lyrics, which he co-wrote. “Act 1 is about rebelling against the ordinary and the process of finding a new ego,” he says. “Since I wanted to make a cinematic story, I first chose the title track and, for the rest of the songs, I chose the concepts and picked keywords to name them.”

With titles such as “Strangers” and “Clockwork,” the keywords Taemin chose allude to themes of love, loss, and longing. Sonically, Act 1 is one of his most mature works so far — a versatile play that weaves through slinky synths, rolling trap beats, and R&B jams seamlessly.

“Fans already know a lot about me, but with this new album they will realize that I put a lot of time and a lot of energy into creating my music,” he says, though Taemints and Shawols (the fandom names for both Taemin and SHINee) will of course know how hardworking he is.

While looking at his effortless performances, it’s easy to think Taemin descended to Earth in that immaculate form. But as life often shows, appearances are only a fraction of the journey. When reflecting on his debut with SHINee in an interview with Sellev, Taemin admitted that his voice wasn’t even featured on their title track, “Replay.” He felt lacking, even though he was also the main dancer of the group.

In order to improve, Taemin practiced overnight and deprived himself of sleep until he could finally consider himself a complete artist. Thinking back to those times, he is gentle. “I would tell [my younger self] to not be afraid to recover from mistakes,” he says now. “To always keep his head up and always move forward.”

And so he did. In 2014, he was the first member of his group to debut as a solo artist with the EP, Ace. The introductory video for Ace featured black-and-white footage of Taemin’s growth since debut. “I’ll show you love, fights, sad goodbyes,” he sings, foreshadowing themes he’d explore in the next few years.

Taemin’s solo career was built with daring thematic plunges. Often tied up, masked, playing with dangerous instruments or simply teasing the viewer, there’s no concept too bold for him. “Danger,” his debut single, had smoky eyes, motorcycles, and a gun-shaped guitar — symbols that contrasted with his off-stage presence and angelic features. “Press Your Number” took Taemin’s introduction to peril to the external world, where he robbed a convenience store and kidnapped a woman, only to discover he was attacking himself. “Move” saw him break labels between perceptions of masculine or feminine performance, and “Want” furthered his exploration of desire and temptation through the use of religious imagery.