MANILA, Philippines — Probably one of the most exciting things that happened last month is for Ben&Ben to launch their new vlog series “BBTV.”

Even way before the lockdown, the nine-piece folk pop band has been capitalizing on their YouTube channel with over one million subscribers to promote their new songs.

But with live concerts and gigs currently suspended under the general community quarantine (GCQ), the band decided to hop on a new creative avocation by covering hit tracks originally sung by South Korean girl and boy groups such as NCT Dream, Day 6, GOT7, Twice, Red Velvet and BTS.

As seen on their vlog’s pilot episode, co-vocalist Paolo Guico said that their fans have been asking their K-pop idols to check out Ben&Ben songs during their livestream on Instagram.

One good example is GOT7 member BamBam’s reaction after listening to Ben&Ben’s “Leaves,” praising the band for their cool and underrated sound.

“Thank you so much guys for recommending Ben&Ben, I’ll add them to my playlist,” shared BamBam during an Instagram live video.

In return, the band decided to do K-pop covers at the request of their fans.

“So many of our listeners have been telling us these past few weeks, ‘please do covers of K-pop songs or do a collab with whoever,’ and I was thinking, sige na nga (okay fine) and here we are,” shared Ben&Ben’s percussionist Andrew de Pano.

Despite the band’s hesitation on covering K-pop songs with Paolo saying, “Sorry to those who can understand Korean. We really don’t speak the language but we tried our best,” their efforts seem to be getting a lot of positive feedback from Filipinos and Koreans alike.

One Korean fan, Hyein Mun, commented on their video: “I’m a Korean living in the Philippines, and Ben&Ben is my favorite Filipino band. It’s so amazing to see Kpop artists and filipino musicians recognizing each other’s talent and covering songs of one another.”

“It’s even more amazing to see you singing in Korean. There are english versions of the songs but you chose to sing them in korean, just the way they are, so thankful for that because there are those who often think that when songs are written in a foreign language that they don’t understand, these songs are just noise. But thank you so much for proving them wrong,” she added.

What started out as a simple gesture of giving back to their supportive listeners has now become a regular virtual gig for Ben&Ben, and who knows, they might surprise their fans one day with a K-pop collaboration.

Ben&Ben’s BBTV series is currently on episode 5, releasing their own take on Seventeen’s “Home,” GOT7’s “Not by the Moon,” EXO’s “Baby Don’t Cry,” The Boyz’s “Reveal,” IU x Suga’s “Eight,” and BTS’s chart-topping song "Dynamite." The said episode now has over 300,000 views as of this writing.

Ben&Ben performs live on YouTube to raise funds for COVID-19 response efforts