Ahead of their new two-track release The First Step: Chapter Two on Sep. 18, TREASURE met with Billboard Korea to share their stories about their debut and new album.

It has been two years since the reality-survival program YG Treasure Box ended. When did it sink in that you’ve actually made it this far?

Haruto: It really hit me when I saw the fancams of us on stage on YouTube.

Hyunsuk: For me, it was at the ending of the live music show, where we stood among all the sunbae [veteran] artists. It really felt like I’d made it.

Yedam: I was looking at the camera during the performance and it really felt like I was a singer. There were a lot of mixed feelings.

Video clips of TREASURE, including your recent interview with Billboard Korea and even the pre-debut content, have been gaining popularity. Do you ever read the fans’ comments on those clips?

Jihoon: I try as much as I can. I particularly remember the ones who commented on our debut stage clip saying, “Good job.”

Hyunsuk: Same here. I’m so touched by those kinds of comments. It’s just a few words but they’re such meaningful messages.

Jihoon: Comments like “great work” and “keep it up” are just so encouraging for us.

Yedam: The heartfelt cheers are always a great source of energy.

The First Step: Chapter Two was released just one month after Chapter One. It must not be easy, working on a new release while keeping up with an intense schedule related to the first.

Yedam: It’s not. But we’re doing this for our fans that have been waiting for us, and we want to perform as much as we can. We’ve been working on [Chapter Two] for quite a while, so it’s definitely manageable.

What do you feel is the biggest difference between the two lead singles, Chapter One’s “Boy” and Chapter Two’s “I Love You”?

Hyunsuk: As you can take a hint from the name, it’s a sequel of our first album. I’d say [the single “I Love You” is] a lot more passionate than “Boy.” You will definitely find the sound more mature.

Jihoon: I’d say the choreography [in the video for] “I Love You” is also much more difficult than ‘“Boy.” I personally like the ending.

Hyunsuk: There’s a very dynamic part of the choreography during the chorus. The dance, the vocals and the overall sound are all very sassy and powerful.

Jihoon: Yes, the ending is very catchy as well. All of us do the finger hearts in the end, following the powerful and energetic performance.

Hyunsuk: From a lyrical perspective, with “Boy,” the message we were conveying was more gentle, whereas with “I Love You,” we’re making a much stronger impression with, “Open up to me! I love you!”