The remaining months of 2020 will be tough but exciting for both future idols and fans!

It is not surprising for most fans that K-Pop debuts happen almost every month. Despite the global pandemic, these future groups that we will be mentioning, has been receiving great attention.

And now that year-end awards are just around the corner, the competition will be tougher, most especially, with a large number of rookie groups rivaling for the title “Rookie of The Year”.

Winning fans’ hearts and gaining public’s attention will be even challenging. There are some who already have a solid number of fans even before debut. While there will be others who need to pave their path to stardom. Groups like TREASURE, CRAVITY, MCND, and TOO would probably be the most popular debuts of 2020.

However, there are still remaining rookie groups that have yet to unleash what they’ve got. So, here’s a list of promising K-Pop groups that will debut in the last half of the year:

Consisting of nine equally talented and charming members, GHOST9, from Maroo Entertainment, will make their debut on September 23. Along with their most-awaited launch, the group will be releasing their first mini album PRE EPISODE 1: DOOR, with the title track “Think of Dawn”.

Members include Lee Jin Woo, Lee Tae Seung, and Lee Woo Jiin, who has gained fame in Produce X 101, and debuted as a unit group TEEN TEEN.

Completing its nine member lineup are Hwang Dong Jun, Son Jun Hyung – who both joined MIXNINE; Lee Shin, Choi Jun Seong (Produce X 101), Lee Kang Sung, and the Thai member Prince.
• GHOST9 To Reveal Exciting Performances Via Debut Showcase On Mnet

Home of the famous idol groups INFINITE, Golden Child and LOVELYZ, Woollim Entertainment is launching a new boy group called DRIPPIN.

Although the specific debut date have yet to announced, the members – Cha Jun Ho (former X1 member), Hwang Yun Seong, Lee Hyeop, Kim Dong Yun, Kim Min Seo, Joo Chang Wook, who all gained public attention in Produce X 101, and the newly-introduced member Alex, are currently in preparations for their October arrival.

Taking pride on their name as “DRIPPIN”, which pertains to being cool, the group promises to stay true to their title by presenting awesome image and performances.
• DRIPPIN Drops More Enchanting Teasers For Upcoming Debut In October

Managed by OUI Entertainment, the six-member group WEi, will make their grand entrance in the K-Pop scene on October 5, along with their album IDENTITY: First Sight.

WEi members consist of Kim Yo Han (former X1 member), and Kang Seok Hwa, who both compete for Produce X 101, Kim Dong Han, Jang Dae Hyun, Yoo Yong Ha, and Kim Jun Seo.

Further raising fans’ anticipation for their debut, the four members (Kim Yo Han, Kang Seok Hwa, Kim Dong Han, Jang Dae Hyun) showcased their fun sides in their own reality program called OUI GO UP. They were later joined by the new members, Yoo Yong Ha and Kim Jun Seo.
• WEi Unveils Final Date + Intriguing Teasers For Grand Debut With “IDENTITY: FIRST SIGHT”

P1Harmony, a six-member boy group from FNC Entertainment, will be making their dramatic entrance into the K-Pop world in October. They are the first boy group to debut in four years under FNC Entertainment following SF9.

To grandly introduce the group, P1Harmony members Keeho, Theo, Jiung, Intak, Soul, and Jongseob, starred in their own sci-fi action flick project P1H: A New World Begins. The film will hit local theaters on October 8.
• FNC Entertainment Introduces New Boy Group To Debut This October

Formed through the survival program I-LAND, ENHYPEN will be joining the fierce lineup of rookie boy groups debuting this year. The members are comprised of Lee Heesung, Jay, Jake, Park Sunghoon, Yang Jungwon, Niki, and Kim Sunoo. They will be managed by Belift Lab, a joint venture between Big Hit Entertainment and CJ ENM, established in March 2019. Befitting the purpose of punctuation mark “hyphen”, ENHYPEN will be joint as one and they will discover each other through their special connection. Their general producer, Bang Si Hyuk, said, “As a great artist, I made the team name having in mind that they will become someone that people from different generations and divided worlds can connect to.”
• The Finale Of “I-LAND” Culminates To The Debut Of ENHYPEN

Which group/s are you anticipating the most? Tell us your thoughts by commenting down below!