The K-pop phenomenon shows no signs of slowing down and seems to just get bigger and bigger.

Netflix is now releasing a documentary about rising K-pop girl group, Blackpink.

The film will chart the rise of the band and feature behind-the-scenes clips of them recording their new album, culminating in their record-breaking performance at Coachella in 2019 – where they became the first all-girl K-pop group to take the stage.

Related: Blackpink break another YouTube record with new song 'How You Like That'

"The K-pop phenomenon has been sweeping the globe and Blackpink has arguably become the most recognisable and most popular girl group in the world," said Netflix's Adam Del Deo in a statement (via Deadline).

"Director Caroline Suh's trusted relationship with Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé and Lisa offers organic and honest moments that give viewers an authentic inside look into the lives of Blackpink, as well as the dedication and gruelling preparation each member puts into every hit song, history-making performance and sold-out arena tour.

"We're thrilled to bring their story to their fans worldwide."

This content is imported from YouTube. You may be able to find the same content in another format, or you may be able to find more information, at their web site.

The band have recently collaborated with Selena Gomez on the track 'Ice cream' and on July 28, the band announced on Twitter that their debut album, titled The Album, would be released on October 2, following on from their 2019 EP 'Kill This Love'.

They also featured on the track 'Sour Candy' on Lady Gaga's latest album Chromatica and now Little Mix recently teased they'd love to work with the band too, with Jade Thirlwall saying: "We're just waiting for the DM back."

Blackpink: Light Up The Sky will be available to stream on Netflix on October 14.

Digital Spy has launched its first-ever digital magazine with exclusive features, interviews, and videos. Access this edition with a 1-month free trial, only on Apple News+.

Interested in Digital Spy's weekly newsletter? Sign up to get it sent straight to your inbox.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io