Over the years, many K-pop songs have been such absolute jams that they had official English versions made. These releases especially made international fans very happy because they could finally sing along to their favorite artists’ bops.

With many English versions having seen the light of day, here is a nod to some of the most recent and popular official English versions that mirrored their original Korean counterparts.

TWICE graced us with an English cover of their latest hit “MORE & MORE.” The lyrics were translated to perfection and beautifully maintained the essence of the original song.

The two versions of this fun single equally mirror one another lyrically as TXT uses lines interchangeably in different parts of the songs and even adds a touch of wordplay.

What could be as good as the beautiful EXO winter ballad? A simply mesmerizing English version of the song brought to you by D.O. and Chanyeol in an acoustic setting.

Two versions, two different stories, one unique energy: that’s (G)I-DLE for you with their English take on their badass track, delivering vibes that will literally make you go, “Oh my god.”

DAY6 has got it all: stunning visuals, amazing vocals, and bilingual music. Their English rendition of “Congratulations” transcribes all the feels that the original version portrayed in a delicate and heart-wrenching manner.

It seems like MONSTA X can play it cool in both Korean and English, with Steve Aoki producing the track for both languages. It truly is a timeless summer jam.

No matter which language Red Velvet performs in, they always manage to hit all the right notes by being their awesome selves, and here’s the English version of “RBB (Really Bad Boy)” to prove it!

Although J-Hope and Suga kept their original verses in the remix version with Steve Aoki, the rest of the song got translated to English, and the new lines flawlessly preserved BTS’s original attitude.

No one knows how to sweet talk like NCT 127, and they make listeners swoon both in Korean and English. Combining their sexy sound with seductive lyrics, this boy group will definitely take you down the highway to heaven with them.

English versions are always appreciated because they show that artists care about their international fans, and LOONA is no exception! This vivacious cover of “Loonatic” is like a dream come true for Orbits. You know the drill, stan LOONA!

GOT7 went out of their way and released “Lullaby” in four languages. Naturally, English was one of the featured languages, and the outcome is more than satisfactory. Listen for yourselves!

An inspiring song like “Sober” needs to be heard by as many people as possible. Hyoyeon made the right choice by granting us the English version and sharing a piece of her mind with her fans as well as the rest of the world.

Which English-version K-pop song is your favorite from the list above? Which ones did we miss? Let us know in the comments below!