With K-Pop expanding popularity all over the globe, different countries are creating their own mutation of the sub-genre.

In 2017, a Korean woman decided to do an experiment questioning whether Koreans will accept a group of all-non-Asians.

The all-American boy group, EXP Edition, debuted originally in 2015 and was marketed towards the US. 

But, with their comeback called Stress, Koreans and international fans started accepting them. 

They were called “koreaboos” and got judged for being grown men and not following beauty standards, but they did the training and took the time to learn Korean and about the Korean culture, therefore, EXP Edition, were accepted. 



KAACHI is a 4 member European K-Pop girl group formed under FrontRow Entertainment. Their names are: Coco, Dani, Chunseo, and Nicole and as far as nationalities go, there are 2 Hispanic members, one British member, and Chunseo is both Spanish and Filipino on her mom’s side.

The group debuted April 2020 with “Your Turn” and were sadly the laughingstock of the K-Pop fandom. The members had 5 years of individual experience and 3 months as a group. 

Some of the members have lived in Korea too. For example, Nicole danced at 1 Million Dance Studio.

Although KAACHI’s debut got bad reviews from K-Pop fans, KAACHI are significantly improving day by day and have even worked with K-Pop YouTuber, Johnny, on some covers.

They have a big fanbase, tons of support, and KAACHI’s comeback is hip hop with a sexy visual and is allegedly in October.

5 High is an Indian K-Pop group formed by 9XO. They haven’t fully debuted yet, but they released a prereleased demo cover of Piri by Dreamcatcher.

The group hasn’t received tons of hate, but their company got criticized for the bad production and mixing on the cover, as the girls’ vocals didn’t get the chance to fully shine. 







PRISMA is a K-Pop girl group formed under UnionWave Entertainment. They have 2 European members and a couple Asian members.

They trained in Korea for a couple years and their debut is supposed to arrive in October. 





ROSEGOLD is an 8 member K-Pop inspired coed group based in the US. The group is self-produced and works remotely, considering that the members live in different areas of the world.

The group debuted in 2020 with NASCAR, Salem Witch Trials, and Bloody Mary. The group was formed as a social experiment between two BTS ARMY’s, Aisha and Bombi. They recorded a few songs in July 2019 and ROSEGOLD gained a following since then. 

Their debut was criticized by K-Pop fans and they had unnecessary hate, death threats, cyberbully, and harassment thrown at them on social media. 

They were called “koreaboos”, “fake”, and fake rumors were made about them (such as “Aisha ships herself to Jungkook”, “Aisha likes Oli London”, “the rap line compared themselves to Jennie”).

There also was a full hate account and hate group dedicated towards ROSEGOLD and haters threatened to delete ROSEGOLD’s social media accounts and sabotage their comeback.

ROSEGOLD is a very diverse group with members ranging from 13-20, different nationalities (European, British, American, Thai-Australian, and a new Filipino member).

The members names are Aisha, LC, Saya, Vivie, Rhapsody, Elli, Angel, and Yuuri.

The group is breaking boundaries by including their first boy member and his name is Rhapsody. 

A couple ROSEGOLD members started out as ROSEGOLD haters themselves, but realized that the group deserved love, so they joined the group.

The group has a training TV series, a few solo releases, a few collabs, a Halloween comeback, and even an All-Korean song coming very soon and it shows how strong ROSEGOLD are as a group.

The ROSEGOLD members have even cheered on KAACHI, 5 High, PRISMA, and other international K-Pop groups.

And lastly, ROSEGOLD are recruiting a K-Pop vocal coach, Korean teacher, a Korean translator, and a professional to mix, master, produce, and edit their comeback.



In conclusion, if international Kpop groups are willing to put in the effort like actual idols, then they can call themselves whatever they want.