Earlier this week, two anonymous Twitter users made sexual assault and harassment allegations against a K-pop star fans believe to be Kim Woojin. Now, Woojin and his managing agency, 10X Entertainment, are denying the accusations.

On Monday, September 7th, the first anonymous Twitter user shared their account of an encounter with an unnamed K-pop idol at a bar in South Korea three months ago. The user wrote that the idol groped them and their friend and cursed at them for rejecting his advances. The user’s account has been deactivated, but Teen Vogue has obtained screenshots of the original tweets.

The user did not name Woojin as their assaulter, but claimed that the idol “is not part of [their original K-pop] group anymore, he is not even under the big company anymore.” This led Twitter users to suspect Woojin, who left the K-pop group Stray Kids and its label JYP Entertainment suddenly in October 2019, due to unspecified “personal circumstances.”

The anonymous user then tweeted “W 우 big 3,” which Twitter users interpreted as reference to the first letter of Woojin’s name in English (W) and Korean (우), and to his former label, as “Big 3” is a nickname for a trio of leading South Korean entertainment companies that includes JYP Entertainment. There was also speculation on Twitter that the original poster could be referring to a few other K-pop idols.

Hours later, a second anonymous user came forward to state that they had been sexually harassed by Woojin in a bar on April 29th, before another patron stepped in to help call them a taxi. The user shared a photo of the bar table supposedly taken at 2:16 a.m., which included a bottle of whiskey they said Woojin purchased for them. The user claimed that Woojin’s hoodie is also visible in the photo, and compared it to a screenshot of a selfie Woojin posted to Instagram on April 29th in which he appears to be wearing a similarly colored sweatshirt (though not a hoodie). That account has also been deactivated, and Teen Vogue has obtained screenshots of those tweets as well.

In a statement posted to his personal Twitter on Tuesday, Woojin denied the allegations and attempted to move past the incident. “Someone posted a strange rumor on Twitter and then deleted their account…” he said, according to a translation by AllKpop. “I've never even met that person, and I've never been to where they said I was. I know my fans must've been very shocked, but it's not true so don't worry too much.” He went on to announce that he has signed to a new agency and that “my label plans to take legal action against the spread of false rumors.”

That label, 10X Entertainment, released a statement on a newly-created Twitter account shortly afterwards. “We are planning to take legal action against the false accusations made against Kim Woojin [and] we reveal photographic evidence to avoid any misunderstanding that fans may have.” The statement included two screenshots. The first was of Woojin’s phone to show that the selfie he posted on April 29th had been taken much earlier, on March 10th. The second screenshot of Woojin’s phone was of a photo of his airpods supposedly taken in his home outside of Seoul at 1:12 a.m. on April 29th, one hour before the second user claimed to have taken the photo of the table they shared with Woojin at a bar.

The company told Teen Vogue that it found that the photo of the bar table posted by the second anonymous user had originally been posted to Instagram on August 30th by a Korean male of no relation and could easily be found by searching #글랜버기12년, which is the brand of whiskey shown in the photo. Teen Vogue spoke to the owner of that account who confirmed that he had taken the photo while out with a friend at a bar in Seoul’s Itaewon district on August 29th. He was not aware that the photo had been posted on Twitter by an anonymous account and said that it had been used without his knowledge or permission.