A perfect day for us would be spent in a cozy coffee shop with a ~chill~ playlist, and just staring out of the window. Even better if it’s spent in the Land of the Morning Calm. But with the current travel restrictions, plus South Korea’s new social distancing guidelines that have affected businesses, all we can do now is dream, and make a list of places to visit for future reference.

If you’re planning to travel to South Korea in the *near future*, include these cafés co-owned by your favorite K-Pop stars (and who knows, you might even spot them there!).

Full-time Super Junior member, full-time café owner. We love everything *‘bout you*, Donghae! Haru & One Day is minimalistic yet oh-so-pretty, and has ample space that will make you feel the most comfortable—just like Donghae’s personality.

As charming as Super Junior’s Yesung is Mouse Rabbit Café, which he co-owns with his brother. The three-story establishment is filled with cute trinkets and art made by the coffee shop, along with Yesung’s photos. Tbh, being here just feels like it’s a *good day for a good day*.

READ MORE: All The Super Junior Members Who Have Launched Their Own YouTube Channels

This is where we want to have a shot of coffee while listening to “Love Shot”! Kamong Café is owned by EXO Kai’s sister, and features a bestselling ice cream waffle with fresh fruits, a favorite among fans. Kai is often seen here, and in case you won’t spot him, you can admire his messages scribbled across cups and other items instead.

READ MORE: EXO's Kai Stars In A Short Film By Gucci, GQ, And Vogue

Aside from being a solo artist and CEO (he has his own own agency named KONNECT Entertainment!), former Wanna One member Kang Daniel also owns a café, located on the first floor of his building. The menu is filled with ~aesthetic~ drinks (like this one named after his album, Cyan), and choosing one (or two!) is entirely up to *2U*.

Owned by JYP Entertainment Founder, Park Jin Young, JYP Soul Cup offers a menu that uses all-organic ingredients, similar to the *exclusive* cafeteria inside the said entertainment agency. The cozy interior and warm staff are one of the cafés highlights, which will really make you *feel special*.