Nearing the end of our hour-long video call, Erin Duffy's voice begins to tremble. The 26-year-old A.C.E fan from Virginia pauses to take a breath, composing a shaky smile as she anxiously fumbles a chip clip with both hands. "Why am I crying?" she laughs, an attempt to deflect her sudden embarrassment. She taps her finger on the clip, her sage green nails shining in the glow of her dual monitors, one of which is now permanently fixed on a live view count of the K-pop group's music video for their latest single "Favorite Boys." It's jumped more than 4,000 views in the last 30 minutes. Then, she says: "I'm just really proud of them."

The relationship between artists and their fans is a singular phenomenon, but if tended to diligently, with both parties practicing patience and compassion, it's something that can make or break a career. In the three years since making their debut, the five members of A.C.E — Jun, Donghun, Wow, Byeongkwan, and Chan — have cultivated a fandom, known as Choice, that feels like an extension of themselves: a group of colorful, industrious underdogs who constantly challenge each other to work harder, to go further.

"We've built this relationship with them because we want to make them happy, as happy as they make us," rapper and dancer Byeongkwan tells Teen Vogue from a makeshift press room in Seoul, seamlessly switching between Korean and English. While any normal person would be showing early signs of fatigue after a full day of promotions, Byeongkwan is fired up and ready to talk about the group's new EP, HJZM : The Butterfly Phantasy. Oh, and his favorite subject, Choice. "Dancing and singing is our job, and we love it," he says. "But interacting with our fans on social media is special... It's especially important right now when things are still so bad because of the [coronavirus] pandemic. Our dream is to give them energy and cheer them up."

It's a skill Byeongkwan, the group's resident energizer, is well-versed in. Of the members, he's the most active on their official Twitter account. His mention parties, or "menpas," are legendary, and they almost always end in a fight between him and Choice over who loves the other more. (Byeongkwan insists that he's the winner; Choice respectfully disagrees.) "There are rumors that i'll be happier after you notice me," one fan tweets. "Oh I think thats not a rumor," he replies with a heart emoji. To another, he calls "playing with Choice" his "only joy" (with four heart-eyed emojis). And to a fan who asks for a virtual hug, he says, "Come here baby." He adds two more heart emojis. He was once told, "You shine, it’s not a compliment but a fact." Looking at Byeongkwan now, it's true: A Zoom call can hardly contain his blinding aura.

"It's not easy to interact with fans at all times," Byeongkwan says, "but we do [it] because we love it, and we get a lot of joy from talking to them."

"It’s like making new friends every day," main vocalist Donghun adds. He's wearing a black Oasis t-shirt and his chin-length hair is pulled into a half pony-tail, golden tendrils framing his round face. "We can’t reply to everybody because there are so many, but we read through the comments and try our best. They’re showing us the world is a lot bigger than we think. We’re learning every day. And that’s a great thing.”

In front of him, leader Jun sits comfortably in the middle of their two-row formation, his once-blue hair now faded to a steely grey. It matches his demeanor in this moment. Among fans, the vocalist is known as the reaction master. He can be loud (if he wants to), and he can be expressive (when he wants to). He's always in control, a trait he often exercises in practice rooms and recording studios. It's why the members call him their anchor, stable and secure. And why Choice can rely on him, too: Jun wanted to honor that relationship with a special fandom song on the album.