Seungkwan of Seventeen looked back on the good old days, chronicling K-pop history for three hours.“It’s been a couple of months ... since I went down memory lane listening to songs with you,” he said. Wonder Girls’ “So Hot” was playing, and he began turning the volume up and down “like a DJ.”“I want to do this properly today as I want to be able to empathize with more of you,” he said, explaining his choice of songs. As they were looking back, he would lean toward the period around 2008 when there were so many hit songs, said the musician, assuring fans that they would have plenty of time to listen.For the next track, he posed a challenge -- playing a song for only one second and promising to play the whole thing if viewers could guess the title. His eyes went wide when a viewer got it -- Super Junior’s “It’s You.”“Maybe you and I should have a contest,” he said with a smile.Watch the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211988.Taeyong of NCT 127 was emotional as he checked in with fans via Naver’s V Live late at night.He first thanked the fans for waiting to see him on the channel and for understanding why he couldn’t do it sooner.“Livestreaming on V Live for me is like keeping a diary that comes with videos. ... In the distant future, even when I am not an entertainer anymore, it would be nice to replay these,” he mused.It was awkward to talk alone after such a long while and he couldn’t force himself to do very much, confided the idol. He’d been busy shooting a variety of content, for sure, but it wasn’t easy to get fully into work mode.“Because I still am young and immature ... but at the same time that means that I still have room to grow,” he went on. “I think the time has come to move on to the next phase.”Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211991.Jisung of NCT Dream chatted with fans in a “voice-only” livestream that featured a special guest.“It’s been almost 20 days ... I’m a little nervous after such (a long) while,” he said, adding that someone from the subunit would join him later.“Don’t get too excited! He’s just someone who lives with me,” he said anxiously.The idol assured fans that he was eating well these days -- “I just had pork wrap with Jeno and Renjun” -- but admitted that for some reason he’d lost weight.Haechan had called him just before and asked if he wanted to play games, but he’d had to turn down the offer because he was planning to livestream.Jisung was joined by Jeno, and the two lamented that it had been so long since they’d performed onstage.“I haven’t danced in two months,” Jisung muttered, and Jeno said he’d probably forgotten the concert version of their performance.Listen to the full clip at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211909.Four members of The Boyz who were all born in 1998 -- Jooyeon, Kevin, Q, New -- had cakes together on Sept. 8 to mark the occasion.They’d planned a livestream together but wanted to save it for a surprise. But Q had already started broadcasting live on his own, and after about two hours he’d been baffled when viewers asked him to come over to V Live to join the other three.Helping themselves to the cake, they burst into laughter as Juyeon made sounds with each mouthful. New told him to stop it, telling fans that Juyeon had a habit of doing that, but with a seeming lack of enthusiasm.“You don’t want to sound too eager,” protested Juyeon, and their conversation veered to how they often have to film scenes again due to incidents. The most unforgettable moment was when Sangyeon’s shoe flew off in the middle of a live session, they all agreed.Watch the full video at https://www.vlive.tv/video/211975.Naver’s real-time broadcasting app V allows fans to interact with their favorite K-pop stars through live broadcasts. The app is available for Android and iOS. For more information, visit http://www.vlive.tv.By The Korea Herald (khnews@heraldcorp.com)Google Play https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.vappApple App Store https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1019447011?mt=