K-pop stars LOONA announced their third EP, [12:00], on Thursday. Member Haseul, however, will sit out the comeback due to health concerns.

The wait is finally over, Orbits. The time has come once again to dive into the ‘midnight festival’ and explore theories in elaborate world-building. K-pop’s rising stars, LOONA, announced the release of their third EP [12:00] (read as ‘midnight’) on Thursday, September 17th.

This will be group’s first release since February’s [#] (read as ‘hash’), which debuted as No. 4 on the Billboard World Albums Chart, marking their best performance till date.

This comeback, however, will also be bittersweet for LOONA’s fans, Orbits. Earlier today, the group’s agency, Blockberry Creative, announced that member Haseul would not be participating in this comeback due to health concerns.

“In January, we made an announcement about Haseul’s health issue,” the company said in a statement. “Haseul has since been receiving sufficient rest and treatment for her health, but she has decided not to participate in the [12:00] comeback promotions because she believes she would need to recover a little more to join these promotions.”

In January’s statement, Blockberry Creative clarified that Haseul would take a break from LOONA’s activities after being diagnosed with “recurring anxiety.” As a result, [#] saw LOONA come back as an 11-member group than the usual 12.

While elaborate world-building among acts is commonplace in K-pop, LOONA took it to the next level through their debut. Over the course of 18 months, each of the group’s members was introduced to the world through elaborate concepts and an album, sparking the viral “Stan LOONA” trend that, frankly, is the best word-of-mouth publicity ever. Seriously, here is “Stan LOONA” on Urban Dictionary.

The delayed gratification, however, worked wonders. The massively anticipated debut was followed by their first appearance in the US in 2017 (within two years of their debut). In 2018, the band was also voted “Best Korean Act” at the MTV Europe Music Awards.